
                                1 of 6 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

Grant and Loan Application Deadlines

LENGTH: 5771  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Utilities Service
(RUS)



 Action



 Notice of Funding Availability (NOFA), Revolving Fund Program.

 Summary



 The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) announces its Revolving Fund Program (RFP)
application window for Fiscal Year (FY) 2016. The RFP is authorized under
section 306(a)(2)(B) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (Con
Act), 7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(2)(B). Under the RFP, qualified private, non-profit
organizations may receive RFP grant funds to establish a lending program for
eligible entities. Eligible entities for the revolving loan fund will be the
same entities eligible, under paragraph 1 or 2 of Section 306(a) of the Con Act,
7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(1) or (b)(2), to obtain a loan, loan guarantee, or grant from
the RUS Water, Waste Disposal, and Wastewater loan and grant programs.





 This year administrative discretion points may be awarded for work plans that:



 1. Direct loans to the smallest communities with the lowest incomes emphasizing
areas where according to the American Community Survey data by census tracts
show that at least 20 percent of the population is living in poverty. This
emphasis will support Rural Development's goal of providing 20 percent of its
funding by 2016 to these areas of need.



 2. Direct loans to areas that lack running water, flush toilets, and modern
sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers and high rates of
disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially
Underserved Trust Areas.



 3. Direct loans that emphasize energy and water efficient components to reduce
costs and increase sustainability of rural systems.

 Dates



 You may submit completed applications for grants on paper or electronically
according to the following deadlines:



     Paper copies must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no
later than May 31, 2016 to be eligible for FY 2016 grant funding. Late or
incomplete applications will not be eligible for FY 2016 grant funding.

     Electronic copies must be received by May 31, 2016 to be eligible for FY
2016 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for FY
2016 grant funding.



 Addresses



 You may obtain application guides and materials for the RFP program at the
Water and Environmental Programs (WEP) Web site:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
water-waste-disposal-revolving-loan-funds. You may also request application
guides and materials by contacting Lisa Chesnel at (202) 720-0499.



 Submit electronic grant applications at http://www.grants.gov/ and follow the
instructions on the Web site.



 Submit completed paper applications for RFP grants to, Rural Utilities Service,
Rural Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Room 2234, STOP 1570, Washington, DC 20250-1570. Applications should be marked
Attention: Lisa Chesnel, Water and Environmental Programs.

 For Further Information Contact



 Lisa Chesnel, Community Programs Specialist, Water and Environmental Programs,
Rural Utilities Service, Rural Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture STOP
1570, Room 2234-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570;
Telephone: (202) 720-0499: Fax: (202) 690-0649.

 Supplementary Information

 Overview



 Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service (RUS), USDA.



 Funding Opportunity Title: Grant Program to Establish a Fund for Financing
Water and Wastewater Projects (Revolving Fund Program (RFP)).



 Announcement Type: Notice of Funding Availability.



 Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.864.



 Due Date for Applications: Applications must be mailed, shipped or submitted
electronically through Grants.gov no later than May 31, 2016 to be eligible for
FY 2016 grant funding.

 Items in Supplementary Information



 A. Program Description: Brief introduction to the RFP.



 B. Federal Award Information: $1,000,000.00.



 C. Eligibility Information: Who is eligible, what kinds of projects are
eligible, what criteria determine basic eligibility.



 D. Application and Submission Information: Where to get application materials,
what constitutes a completed application, how and where to submit applications,
deadlines, items that are eligible.



 E. Application Review Information: Considerations and preferences, scoring
criteria, review standards, selection information.



 F. Federal Award Administration Information: Award notice information, award
recipient reporting requirements.



 G. Federal Awarding Agency Contacts: Web site, phone, fax, email, contact name.




 H. Other Information: Non-discrimination Statement.

 A. Program Description



 Drinking water systems are basic and vital to both health and economic
development. With dependable water facilities, rural communities can attract
families and businesses that will invest in the community and improve the
quality of life for all residents. Without dependable water facilities, the
communities cannot sustain economic development.



 RUS provides financial and technical assistance to help communities bring safe
drinking water and sanitary, environmentally sound waste disposal facilities to
rural Americans. It supports the sound development of rural communities and the
growth of our economy without endangering the environment.



 The Revolving Fund Program (RFP) was established under 7 U.S.C. part 1783 to
assist communities with water or wastewater systems. Qualified private,
non-profit organizations, who are selected for funding, will receive RFP grant
funds to establish a lending program for eligible entities. Eligible entities
for the revolving loan fund will be those entities eligible under 7 U.S.C.
1926(a)(1) and (2) to obtain a loan, loan guarantee, or grant from the Water and
Waste Disposal loan and grant programs administered by RUS. As grant recipients,
the non-profit organizations will set up a revolving loan fund to provide loans
to finance predevelopment costs of water or wastewater projects, or short-term
small capital projects not part of the regular operation and maintenance of
current water and wastewater systems. The amount of financing to an eligible
entity shall not exceed $100,000.00 and shall be repaid in a term not to exceed
10 years. The rate shall be determined in the approved grant work plan.

 B. Federal Award Information



 Available funds: $1,000,000.

 C. Eligibility Information

 1. Eligible Applicants



 An applicant is eligible to apply for the RFP grant if it:



 a. Is a private, non-profit organization;



 b. Is legally established and located within one of the following:



 i. A state within the United States;



 ii. The District of Columbia;



 iii. The Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; or



 iv. A United States territory;



 c. Has the legal capacity and authority to carry out the grant purpose;



 d. Has a proven record of successfully operating a revolving loan fund to rural
areas;



 e. Has capitalization acceptable to the Agency, and is composed of at least 51
percent of the outstanding interest or membership being citizens of the United
States or individuals who reside in the United States after being legally
admitted for permanent residence;



 f. Has no delinquent debt to the Federal government or no outstanding judgments
to repay a Federal debt;



 g. Demonstrates that it possesses the financial, technical, and managerial
capability to comply with Federal and state laws and requirements; and



 h. Is not a corporation that has been convicted of a felony (or had an officer
or agent acting on behalf of the corporation convicted of a felony) within the
past 24 months. Any Corporation that has any unpaid Federal tax liability that
has been assessed, for which all judicial and administrative remedies have been
exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant
to an agreement with the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability
is not eligible.

 2. Cost Sharing or Matching



 Applicants must contribute at least 20 percent of funds from sources other than
the proceeds of an RFP grant to pay part of the cost of a loan recipient's
project. In-kind contribution will not be considered.

 3. Other: What are the basic eligibility requirements for a project?



 a. The following activities are authorized under the RFP statute:



 i. Grant funds must be used to capitalize a revolving fund program for the
purpose of providing direct loan financing to eligible entities for
pre-development costs associated with proposed or with existing water and
wastewater systems, or,



 ii. Short-term costs incurred for equipment replacement, small-scale extension
of services, or other small capital projects that are not part of the regular
operations and maintenance activities of existing water and wastewater systems.



 b. Grant funds may not be used to pay any of the following:



 i. Payment of the Grant Recipient's administrative costs or expenses, or,



 ii. Delinquent debt owed to the Federal Government.

 D. Application and Submission Information

 1. Address To Request Application Package



 a. The Internet: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
water-waste-disposal-revolving-loan-funds or Grants.gov Web site:
http://www.grants.gov/.



 b. For paper copies of these materials, you may call (202) 720-9583.

 2. Content and Form of Application Submission



 a. You may file an application in either paper or electronic format. To be
considered for support, you must be an eligible entity and must submit a
complete application by the deadline date. You should consult the cost
principles and general administrative requirements for grants pertaining to
their organizational type in order to prepare the budget and complete other
parts of the application. You also must demonstrate compliance (or intent to
comply), through certification or other means, with a number of public policy
requirements. Applications should be prepared in conformance with 7 CFR part
1783, and departmental and other applicable regulations including 2 CFR parts
180, 182, 200, 400 and 421, or any successor regulations.



 Whether you file a paper or an electronic application, you will need a DUNS
number and must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM). Detailed
information on obtaining a DUNS number and registering for SAM may be found in
section D(3).



 b. Applicants must complete and submit the following forms to apply for a RFP
grant:



 i. Standard Form 424, "Application for Federal Assistance".



 ii. Standard Form 424A, "Budget Information--Non-Construction Programs".



 iii. Standard Form 424B, "Assurances--Non-Construction Programs".



 iv. Standard Form LLL, "Disclosure of Lobbying Activity".



 v. Form RD 400-1, "Equal Opportunity Agreement".



 vi. Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement (Under Title VI, Civil Rights Act of
1964).



 c. The project proposal should outline the project in sufficient detail to
provide a reader with a complete understanding of how the loan program will
work. Explain what you will accomplish by lending funds to eligible entities.
Demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed loan program in meeting the
objectives of this grant program. The proposal should cover the following
elements:



 i. Present a brief project overview. Explain the purpose of the project, how it
relates to RUS's purposes, how you will carry out the project, what the project
will produce, and who will direct it.



 ii. Describe why the project is necessary. Demonstrate that eligible entities
need loan funds. Quantify the number of prospective borrowers or provide
statistical or narrative evidence that a sufficient number of borrowers will
exist to justify the grant award. Describe the service area. Address community
needs.



 iii. Clearly state your project goals. Your objectives should clearly describe
the goals and be concrete and specific enough to be quantitative or observable.
They should also be feasible and relate to the purpose of the loan program.



 iv. The narrative should cover in more detail the items briefly described in
the Project Summary. It should establish the basis for any claims that you have
substantial expertise in promoting the safe and productive use of revolving
funds. In describing what the project will achieve, you should tell the reader
if it also will have broader influence. The narrative should address the
following points:



 (1) Document your ability to administer and service a revolving fund in
accordance with the provisions of 7 CFR part 1783.



 (2) Document your ability to commit financial resources to establish the RFP
with funds your organization controls. This documentation should describe the
sources of funds other than the RFP grant that will be used to pay your
operational costs and provide financial assistance for projects.



 (3) Demonstrate that you have secured commitments of significant financial
support from other funding sources, if appropriate.



 (4) List the fees and charges that borrowers will be assessed.



 v. The work plan must describe the tasks and activities that will be
accomplished with available resources during the grant period. It must show the
work you plan to do to achieve the anticipated outcomes, goals, and objectives
set out for the RFP. The plan must:



 (1) Describe the work to be performed by each person.



 (2) Give a schedule or timetable of work to be done.



 (3) Show evidence of previous experience with the techniques to be used or
their successful use by others.



 (4) Outline the loan program to include the following: Specific loan purposes,
a loan application process, priorities, borrower eligibility criteria,
limitations, fees, interest rates, terms, and collateral requirements.



 (5) Provide a marketing plan.



 (6) Explain the mechanics of how you will transfer loan funds to the borrowers.




 (7) Describe follow-up or continuing activities that should occur after project
completion such as monitoring and reporting borrowers' accomplishments.



 (8) Describe how the results will be evaluated. The evaluation criteria should
be in line with the project objectives.



 (9) List all personnel responsible for administering this program along with a
statement of their qualifications and experience.



 vi. The written justification for projected costs should explain how budget
figures were determined for each category. It should indicate which costs are to
be covered by grant funds and which costs will be met by your organization or
other organizations. The justification should account for all expenditures
discussed in the narrative. It should reflect appropriate cost-sharing
contributions. The budget justification should explain the budget and accounting
system proposed or in place. The administrative costs for operating the budget
should be expressed as a percentage of the overall budget. The budget
justification should provide specific budget figures, rounding off figures to
the nearest dollar. Applicants should consult 2 CFR 200, Subpart E, "Cost
Principals," for information about appropriate costs for each budget category.



 vii. In addition to completing the standard application forms, you must submit:




 (1) Supplementary material that demonstrate that your organization is legally
recognized under state or Tribal and Federal law. Satisfactory documentation
includes, but is not limited to, certificates from the Secretary of State, or
copies of state statutes or laws establishing your organization. Letters from
the IRS awarding tax-exempt status are not considered adequate evidence.



 (2) A certified list of directors and officers with their respective terms.



 (3) Evidence of tax exempt status from the IRS.



 (4) The most recent audit of your organization.



 (5) The following financial statements:



 (a) A pro forma balance sheet at start-up and for at least three additional
years; Balance sheets, income statements, and cash flow statements for the last
three years.



 (b) If your organization has been formed less than three years, the financial
statements should be submitted for the periods from inception to the present.
Projected income and cash flow statements for at least three years supported by
a list of assumptions showing the basis for the projections. The projected
income statement and balance sheet must include one set of projections that
shows the revolving loan fund only and a separate set of projections that shows
your organization's total operations.



 (6) Additional information to support and describe your plan for achieving the
grant objectives. The information may be regarded as essential for understanding
and evaluating the project and may be found in letters of support, as
resolutions, policies, and other relevant documents. The supplements may be
presented in appendices to the proposal.



 d. Compliance with other federal statutes:



 The applicant must provide evidence of compliance with other federal statutes,
including but not limited to the following:



 i. Debarment and suspension information is required in accordance with 2 CFR
part 417 (Nonprocurement Debarment and Suspension) supplemented by 2 CFR part
180, if it applies. The section heading is "What information must I provide
before entering into a covered transaction with the Federal Government?" located
at 2 CFR 180.335. It is part of OMB's Guidance for Grants and Agreements
concerning Government-wide Debarment and Suspension.



 ii. All of your organization's known workplaces by including the actual address
of buildings (or parts of buildings) or other sites where work under the award
takes place. Workplace identification is required under the drug-free workplace
requirements in Subpart B of 2 CFR part 421, which adopts the Government-wide
implementation (2 CFR part 182) of the Drug-Free Workplace Act.



 iii. 2 CFR parts 200 and 400 (Uniform Assistance Requirements, Cost Principles
and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards).



 iv. 2 CFR part 182 (Governmentwide Requirements for Drug-Free Workplace
(Financial Assistance)) and 2 CFR part 421 (Requirements for Drug Free Workplace
(Financial Assistance)).



 v. Executive Order 13166, "Improving Access to Services for Persons with
Limited English Proficiency." For information on limited English proficiency and
agency-specific guidance, go to http://www.LEP.gov.



 e. Requirements for numbers of copies of submitted applications:



 i. Send or deliver paper applications by the U.S. Postal Service (USPS) or
courier delivery services to: Water and Environmental Programs, Rural Utilities
Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Attention: Lisa Chesnel, Mail STOP 1570,
Room 2233-S, Washington, DC, 20250-1570.



 ii. For paper applications mail or ensure delivery of an original paper
application (no stamped, photocopied, or initialed signatures) and two copies by
the deadline date. The application and any materials sent with it become Federal
records by law and cannot be returned to you.



 iii. Electronically submitted applications:



 (1). Applications will not be accepted by fax or electronic mail.



 (2). Electronic applications for grants will be accepted if submitted through
Grants.gov.



 (3). Applicants must preregister successfully with Grants.gov to use the
electronic applications option. Application information may be downloaded from
Grants.gov without preregistration.



 (4). Applicants who apply through Grants.gov should submit their electronic
applications before the deadline.



 (5). Grants.gov contains full instructions on all required passwords,
credentialing, and software. Follow the instructions at Grants.gov for
registering and submitting an electronic application.



 (6). Grants.gov has two preregistration requirements: A DUNS number and an
active registration in the SAM. See section D(3) below for instructions on
obtaining a DUNS number and registering in the SAM.

 3. Unique Entity Identifier and System for Award Management (SAM)



 The applicant for a grant must supply a Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal
Numbering System (DUNS) number as part of an application. The Standard Form 424
(SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS number. The applicant can obtain the DUNS
number free of charge by calling Dun and Bradstreet. Please see
http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform for more information on how to obtain a DUNS
number or how to verify your organization's number.



 In accordance with 2 CFR part 25, whether applying electronically or by paper,
the applicant must register in the System for Award Management (SAM) prior to
submitting an application. Applicants may register for the SAM at
https://www.sam.gov/portal/SAM/#1. The SAM registration must remain active with
current information at all times while RUS is considering an application or
while a Federal Grant award or loan is active. To remain registered in the SAM
database the applicant must review and update the information in the SAM
database annually from date of initial registration or from the date of the last
update. The applicant must ensure that the information in the database is
current, accurate, and complete.

 4. Submission Dates and Times



 You may submit completed applications for grants on paper or electronically
according to the following deadlines:



 a. Paper copies must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no
later than May 31, 2016 to be eligible for FY 2016 grant funding. Late or
incomplete applications will not be eligible for FY 2016 grant funding.



 b. Electronic copies must be received by May 31, 2016 to be eligible for FY
2016 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for FY
2016 grant funding.

 5. Funding Restrictions



 Grant proceeds may be used solely to establish the revolving loan fund to
provide loans to eligible entities for: Pre-development costs associated with
proposed or existing water and wastewater projects, and short-term costs
incurred for replacement equipment or other small capital projects not part of
regular operations and maintenance of existing water and wastewater systems.
Grant recipients may not use grant funds in any manner inconsistent with the
purposes described in 7 CFR 1783.12 or in the terms of the grant agreement.
Administrative expenses may, however, be paid or reimbursed from revolving loan
fund assets that are not RFP grant funds, including revolved funds and case
originally contributed by the grant recipient.

 E. Application Review Information



 Within 30 days of receiving your application, RUS will send you a letter of
acknowledgment. Your application will be reviewed for completeness to determine
if you included all of the items required. If your application is incomplete or
ineligible, RUS will return it to you with an explanation. A review team,
composed of at least two RUS staff members, will evaluate all applications and
proposals. They will make overall recommendations based on factors such as
eligibility, application completeness, and conformity to application
requirements. They will score the applications based on criteria in the
following section.

 1. Criteria



 All applications that are complete and eligible will be ranked competitively
based on the following scoring criteria:



 a. Degree of expertise and successful experience in making and servicing
commercial loans, with a successful record, for the following number of full
years:



 i. At least 1 but less than 3 years--5 points.



 ii. At least 3 but less than 5 years--10 points.



 iii. At least 5 but less than 10 years--20 points.



 iv. 10 or more years--30 points.



 b. Extent to which the work plan demonstrates a well thought out, comprehensive
approach to accomplishing the objectives of this part, clearly defines who will
be served by the project, clearly articulates the problem/issues to be
addressed, identifies the service area to be covered by the RFP loans and
appears likely to be sustainable; Up to 40 points.



 c. Percentage of applicant contributions. Points allowed under this paragraph
will be based on written evidence of the availability of funds from sources
other than the proceeds of an RFP grant to pay part of the cost of a loan
recipient's project. In-kind contributions will not be considered. Funds from
other sources as a percentage of the RFP grant and points corresponding to such
percentages are as follows:



 i. Less than 20 percent--ineligible.



 ii. At least 20 percent but less than 50 percent--10 points.



 iii. 50 percent or more--20 points.



 d. Extent to which the goals and objectives are clearly defined, tied to the
work plan, and are measurable; Up to 15 points.



 e. Lowest ratio of projected administrative expenses to loans advanced; Up to
10 points.



 f. The evaluation methods for considering loan applications and making RFP
loans are specific to the program, clearly defined, measurable, and are
consistent with program outcomes; Up to 20 points.



 g. Administrator's discretion points up to 10 points may be awarded.



 To the maximum extent possible, there should be an emphasis on high poverty
areas in rural communities and rural areas with the lowest incomes, particularly
those areas where at least 45 percent of children qualify for the National
School Lunch Program. This emphasis will support Rural Development's goal of
providing 20 percent of its funding by 2016 to these areas of need.



 Factors include:



 i. Directs loans to the smallest communities with the lowest incomes
emphasizing areas where according to the American Community Survey data by
census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the population is living in
poverty.



 ii. Directs loans to areas which lack running water, flush toilets, and modern
sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers and high rates of
disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially
Underserved Trust Areas.



 iii. Directs loans that emphasize energy and water efficient components to
reduce costs and increase sustainability of rural systems.

 2. Review and Selection Process



 RUS will rank all qualifying applications by their final score. Applications
will be selected for funding, based on the highest scores and the availability
of funding for RFP grants. Each applicant will be notified in writing of the
score its application receives.



 a. In making its decision about your application, RUS may determine that your
application is:



 i. Eligible and selected for funding,



 ii. Eligible but offered fewer funds than requested,



 iii. Eligible but not selected for funding, or



 iv. Ineligible for the grant.



 b. In accordance with 7 CFR part 1900, subpart B, you generally have the right
to appeal adverse decisions. Some adverse decisions cannot be appealed. For
example, if you are denied RUS funding due to a lack of funds available for the
grant program, this decision cannot be appealed. However, you may make a request
to the National Appeals Division (NAD) to review the accuracy of our finding
that the decision cannot be appealed. The appeal must be in writing and filed at
the appropriate regional office, which can be found at www.nad.usda.gov or by
calling (703) 305-1166.

 F. Federal Award Administration Information

 1. Federal Award Notices



 RUS generally notifies by mail applicants whose projects are selected for
awards. However, the receipt of an award letter does not serve to authorize the
applicant to commence performance under the award. RUS follows the award letter
with an agreement containing terms and conditions for the grant. Applicants
selected for funding will complete and return grant agreement, which outlines
the terms and conditions of the grant award.

 2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements



 The items listed in Section D of this notice, the RFP program regulation and
departmental and other regulations including 2 CFR parts 180, 182, 200, 400, 421
and any successor regulations implement the appropriate administrative and
national policy requirements, which include but are not limited to:



 a. SF-270, "Request for Advance or Reimbursement," will be completed by the
Non-Federal Entity and submitted to either the state or national office no more
frequently than monthly.



 b. Upon receipt of a properly completed SF-270, the funds will be requested
through the field office terminal system. Ordinarily, payment will be made
within 30 days after receipt of a proper request for reimbursement.



 c. Non-Federal Entities may use women- and minority-owned banks (a bank which
is owned at least 50 percent by women or minority group members) for the deposit
and disbursement of funds.

 3. Reporting



 a. Any change in the scope of the project, budget adjustments of more than 10
percent of the total budget, or any other significant change in the project must
be reported to and approved by the approval official by written amendment to the
grant agreement. Any change not approved may be cause for termination of the
grant.



 b. Non-Federal Entities shall constantly monitor performance to ensure that
time schedules are being met, projected work by time periods is being
accomplished, and other performance objectives are being achieved. The
Non-Federal Entity will provide project reports as follows:



 i. SF-425, "Financial Status Report (short form)," and a project performance
activity report will be required of all Non-Federal Entities on a quarterly
basis, due 30 days after the end of each quarter.



 ii. A final project performance report will be required with the last SF-425
due 90 days after the end of the last quarter in which the project is completed.
The final report may serve as the last quarterly report.



 iii. All multi-State Non-Federal Entities are to submit an original of each
report to the National Office. Non-Federal Entities serving only one State are
to submit an original of each report to the State Office. The project
performance reports should detail, preferably in a narrative format, activities
that have transpired for the specific time period.



 c. Financial reporting. The Non-Federal Entity will provide an audit report or
financial statements as follows:



 i. Non-Federal Entities expending $750,000 or more Federal funds per fiscal
year will submit an audit conducted in accordance with 2 CFR part 200 The audit
will be submitted within nine months after the Non-Federal Entity's fiscal year.
Additional audits may be required if the project period covers more than one
fiscal year.



 ii. Non-Federal Entities expending less than $750,000 will provide annual
financial statements covering the grant period, consisting of the organization's
statement of income and expense and balance sheet signed by an appropriate
official of the organization. Financial statements will be submitted within 90
days after the Non-Federal Entity's fiscal year.



 iii. Recipient and Subrecipient Reporting. The applicant must have the
necessary processes and systems in place to comply with the reporting
requirements for first-tier sub-awards and executive compensation under the
Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 in the event the
applicant receives funding unless such applicant is exempt from such reporting
requirements pursuant to 2 CFR part 170, ]&thinsp;170.110(b). The reporting
requirements under the Transparency Act pursuant to 2 CFR part 170 are as
follows:



 (1) First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more in non-Recovery Act funds (unless
they are exempt under 2 CFR part 170) must be reported by the Recipient to
http://www.fsrs.gov no later than the end of the month following the month the
obligation was made.



 (2) The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (five most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient (if the Recipient
meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to https://www.sam.gov/portal/SAM/#1 by
the end of the month following the month in which the award was made.



 (3) The Total Compensation of the Subrecipient's Executives (five most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Subrecipient (if the
Subrecipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to the Recipient by the
end of the month following the month in which the subaward was made.

 G. Federal Awarding Agency Contacts



 1. Web site: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
water-waste-disposal-revolving-loan-funds. The RUS Web site maintains up-to-date
resources and contact information for the RFP.



 2. Phone: (202) 720-9640.



 3. Fax: (202) 690-0649.



 4. Email: lisa.chesnel@wdc.usda.gov



 5. Main point of contact: Lisa Chesnel, Community Programs Specialist, Water
and Environmental Programs, Rural Utilities Service, Rural Development, U.S.
Department of Agriculture.

 H. Other Information

 1. USDA Non-Discrimination Statement



 In accordance with Federal civil rights law and U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) civil rights regulations and policies, the USDA, its Agencies, offices,
and employees, and institutions participating in or administering USDA programs
are prohibited from discriminating based on race, color, national origin,
religion, sex, gender identity (including gender expression), sexual
orientation, disability, age, marital status, family/parental status, income
derived from a public assistance program, political beliefs, or reprisal or
retaliation for prior civil rights activity, in any program or activity
conducted or funded by USDA (not all bases apply to all programs). Remedies and
complaint filing deadlines vary by program or incident.



 Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of communication for
program information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, American Sign
Language, etc.) should contact the responsible Agency or USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TTY) or contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service
at (800) 877-8339. Additionally, program information may be made available in
languages other than English.



 To file a program discrimination complaint, complete the USDA Program
Discrimination Complaint Form, AD-3027, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html and at any USDA office or
write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the
information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint form, call
(866) 632-9992. Submit your completed form or letter to USDA by:



 (1) Mail: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant Secretary for
Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410;



 (2) Fax: (202) 690-7442; or



 (3) Email: program.intake@usda.gov



 USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer, and lender.

 Dated: February 29, 2016.

 Brandon McBride,

 Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-07309 Filed 3-30-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                                2 of 6 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 7, 2016 Wednesday

Grant and Loan Application Deadlines

LENGTH: 5729  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Utilities Service
(RUS)



  Action



 Notice of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA), Revolving Fund Program.

 Summary



 The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) announces its Revolving Fund Program (RFP)
application window for Fiscal Year (FY) 2017. The RFP is authorized under
section 306(a)(2)(B) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (Con
Act), 7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(2)(B). Under the RFP, qualified private, non-profit
organizations may receive RFP grant funds to establish a lending program for
eligible entities. Eligible entities for the revolving loan fund will be the
same entities eligible, under paragraph 1 or 2 of Section 306(a) of the Con Act,
7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(1) or (b)(2), to obtain a loan, loan guarantee, or grant from
the RUS Water, Waste Disposal, and Wastewater loan and grant programs.





 This year administrative discretion points may be awarded for work plans that:



 1. Direct loans to the smallest communities with the lowest incomes emphasizing
areas where according to the American Community Survey data by census tracts
show that at least 20 percent of the population is living in poverty.



 2. Direct loans to areas that lack running water, flush toilets, and modern
sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers and high rates of
disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially
Underserved Trust Areas.



 3. Direct loans that emphasize energy and water efficient components to reduce
costs and increase sustainability of rural systems.

 Dates



 You may submit completed applications for grants on paper or electronically
according to the following deadlines:



     Paper copies must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no
later than February 6, 2017 to be eligible for FY 2017 grant funding. Late or
incomplete applications will not be eligible for FY 2017 grant funding.

     Electronic copies must be received by February 6, 2017 to be eligible for
FY 2017 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for
FY 2017 grant funding.



 Addresses



 You may obtain application guides and materials for the RFP program at the
Water and Environmental Programs (WEP) Web site:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
water-waste-disposal-revolving-loan-funds. You may also request application
guides and materials by contacting Lisa Chesnel at (202) 720-0499.



 Submit electronic grant applications at http://www.grants.gov/ and follow the
instructions on the Web site.



 Submit completed paper applications for RFP grants to, Rural Utilities Service,
Rural Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Room 2234, STOP 1570, Washington, DC 20250-1570. Applications should be marked
Attention: Lisa Chesnel, Water and Environmental Programs.

 For Further Information Contact



 Lisa Chesnel, Community Programs Specialist, Water and Environmental Programs,
Rural Utilities Service, Rural Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture STOP
1570, Room 2234-S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570;
Telephone: (202) 720-0499: Fax: (202) 690-0649.

 Supplementary Information

 Overview



 Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service (RUS), USDA.



 Funding Opportunity Title: Grant Program to Establish a Fund for Financing
Water and Wastewater Projects (Revolving Fund Program (RFP)).



 Announcement Type: Notice of Solicitation of Applications.



 Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.864.



 Due Date for Applications: Applications must be mailed, shipped or submitted
electronically through Grants.gov no later than February 6, 2017 to be eligible
for FY 2017 grant funding.



 Items in Supplementary Information



 A. Program Description: Brief introduction to the RFP.



 B. Federal Award Information: To be announced.



 C. Eligibility Information: Who is eligible, what kinds of projects are
eligible, what criteria determine basic eligibility.



 D. Application and Submission Information: Where to get application materials,
what constitutes a completed application, how and where to submit applications,
deadlines, items that are eligible.



 E. Application Review Information: Considerations and preferences, scoring
criteria, review standards, selection information.



 F. Federal Award Administration Information: Award notice information, award
recipient reporting requirements.



 G. Federal Awarding Agency Contacts: Web site, phone, fax, email, contact name.




 H. Other Information: Non-discrimination Statement.

 A. Program Description



 Drinking water systems are basic and vital to both health and economic
development. With dependable water facilities, rural communities can attract
families and businesses that will invest in the community and improve the
quality of life for all residents. Without dependable water facilities, the
communities cannot sustain economic development.



 RUS provides financial and technical assistance to help communities bring safe
drinking water and sanitary, environmentally sound waste disposal facilities to
rural Americans. It supports the sound development of rural communities and the
growth of our economy without endangering the environment.



 The Revolving Fund Program (RFP) was established under 7 U.S.C. part 1783 to
assist communities with water or wastewater systems. Qualified private,
non-profit organizations, who are selected for funding, will receive RFP grant
funds to establish a lending program for eligible entities. Eligible entities
for the revolving loan fund will be those entities eligible under 7
U.S.C.1926(a)(1) and (2) to obtain a loan, loan guarantee, or grant from the
Water and Waste Disposal loan and grant programs administered by RUS. As grant
recipients, the non-profit organizations will set up a revolving loan fund to
provide loans to finance predevelopment costs of water or wastewater projects,
or short-term small capital projects not part of the regular operation and
maintenance of current water and wastewater systems. The amount of financing to
an eligible entity shall not exceed $100,000.00 and shall be repaid in a term
not to exceed 10 years. The rate shall be determined in the approved grant work
plan.

 B. Federal Award Information



 Available funds: To be announced.

 C. Eligibility Information



 1. Eligible Applicants. An applicant is eligible to apply for the RFP grant if
it:



 a. Is a private, non-profit organization;



 b. Is legally established and located within one of the following:



 i. A state within the United States;



 ii. The District of Columbia;



 iii. The Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; or



 iv. A United States territory;



 c. Has the legal capacity and authority to carry out the grant purpose;



 d. Has a proven record of successfully operating a revolving loan fund to rural
areas;



 e. Has capitalization acceptable to the Agency, and is composed of at least 51
percent of the outstanding interest or membership being citizens of the United
States or individuals who reside in the United States after being legally
admitted for permanent residence;



 f. Has no delinquent debt to the Federal government or no outstanding judgments
to repay a Federal debt;



 g. Demonstrates that it possesses the financial, technical, and managerial
capability to comply with Federal and state laws and requirements; and



 h. Is not a corporation that has been convicted of a felony (or had an officer
or agent acting on behalf of the corporation convicted of a felony) within the
past 24 months. Any Corporation that has any unpaid Federal tax liability that
has been assessed, for which all judicial and administrative remedies have been
exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant
to an agreement with the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability
is not eligible.



 2. Cost Sharing or Matching: Applicants must contribute at least 20 percent of
funds from sources other than the proceeds of an RFP grant to pay part of the
cost of a loan recipient's project. In-kind contribution will not be considered.




 3. Other: What are the basic eligibility requirements for a project?



 a. The following activities are authorized under the RFP statute:



 i. Grant funds must be used to capitalize a revolving fund program for the
purpose of providing direct loan financing to eligible entities for
pre-development costs associated with proposed or with existing water and
wastewater systems, or,



 ii. Short-term costs incurred for equipment replacement, small-scale extension
of services, or other small capital projects that are not part of the regular
operations and maintenance activities of existing water and wastewater systems.



 b. Grant funds may not be used to pay any of the following:



 i. Payment of the Grant Recipient's administrative costs or expenses, or,



 ii. Delinquent debt owed to the Federal Government.

 D. Application and Submission Information



 1. Address to Request Application Package:



 a. The Internet: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
water-waste-disposal-revolving-loan-funds or Grants.gov Web site:
http://www.grants.gov/.



 b. For paper copies of these materials, you may call (202) 720-9583.



 2. Content and Form of Application Submission:



 a. You may file an application in either paper or electronic format. To be
considered for support, you must be an eligible entity and must submit a
complete application by the deadline date. Applicants should consult the cost
principles and general administrative requirements for grants pertaining to
their organizational type in order to prepare the budget and complete other
parts of the application. You also must demonstrate compliance (or intent to
comply), through certification or other means, with a number of public policy
requirements. Applications should be prepared in conformance with 7 CFR part
1783, and departmental and other applicable regulations including 2 CFR parts
180, 182, 200, 400 and 421, or any successor regulations.



 Whether you file a paper or an electronic application, you will need a DUNS
number and must be registered in the System for Award Management (SAM). Detailed
information on obtaining a DUNS number and registering for SAM may be found in
section D(3).



 b. Applicants must complete and submit the following forms to apply for a RFP
grant:



 i. Standard Form 424, "Application for Federal Assistance".



 ii. Standard Form 424A, "Budget Information--Non-Construction Programs".



 iii. Standard Form 424B, "Assurances--Non-Construction Programs".



 iv. Standard Form LLL, "Disclosure of Lobbying Activity".



 v. Form RD 400-1, "Equal Opportunity Agreement".



 vi. Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement (Under Title VI, Civil Rights Act of
1964).



 c. The project proposal should outline the project in sufficient detail to
provide a reader with a complete understanding of how the loan program will
work. Explain what you will accomplish by lending funds to eligible entities.
Demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed loan program in meeting the
objectives of this grant program. The proposal should cover the following
elements:



 i. Present a brief project overview. Explain the purpose of the project, how it
relates to RUS's purposes, how you will carry out the project, what the project
will produce, and who will direct it.



 ii. Describe why the project is necessary. Demonstrate that eligible entities
need loan funds. Quantify the number of prospective borrowers or provide
statistical or narrative evidence that a sufficient number of borrowers will
exist to justify the grant award. Describe the service area. Address community
needs.



 iii. Clearly state your project goals. Your objectives should clearly describe
the goals and be concrete and specific enough to be quantitative or observable.
They should also be feasible and relate to the purpose of the loan program.



 iv. The narrative should cover in more detail the items briefly described in
the Project Summary. It should establish the basis for any claims that you have
substantial expertise in promoting the safe and productive use of revolving
funds. In describing what the project will achieve, you should tell the reader
if it also will have broader influence. The narrative should address the
following points:



 (1) Document your ability to administer and service a revolving fund in
accordance with the provisions of 7 CFR part 1783.



 (2) Document your ability to commit financial resources to establish the RFP
with funds your organization controls. This documentation should describe the
sources of funds other than the RFP grant that will be used to pay your
operational costs and provide financial assistance for projects.



 (3) Demonstrate that you have secured commitments of significant financial
support from other funding sources, if appropriate.



 (4) List the fees and charges that borrowers will be assessed.



 v. The work plan must describe the tasks and activities that will be
accomplished with available resources during the grant period. It must show the
work you plan to do to achieve the anticipated outcomes, goals, and objectives
set out for the RFP. The plan must:



 (1) Describe the work to be performed by each person.



 (2) Give a schedule or timetable of work to be done.



 (3) Show evidence of previous experience with the techniques to be used or
their successful use by others.



 (4) Outline the loan program to include the following: specific loan purposes,
a loan application process, priorities, borrower eligibility criteria,
limitations, fees, interest rates, terms, and collateral requirements.



 (5) Provide a marketing plan.



 (6) Explain the mechanics of how you will transfer loan funds to the borrowers.




 (7) Describe follow-up or continuing activities that should occur after project
completion such as monitoring and reporting borrowers' accomplishments.



 (8) Describe how the results will be evaluated. The evaluation criteria should
be in line with the project objectives.



 (9) List all personnel responsible for administering this program along with a
statement of their qualifications and experience.



 vi. The written justification for projected costs should explain how budget
figures were determined for each category. It should indicate which costs are to
be covered by grant funds and which costs will be met by your organization or
other organizations. The justification should account for all expenditures
discussed in the narrative. It should reflect appropriate cost-sharing
contributions. The budget justification should explain the budget and accounting
system proposed or in place. The administrative costs for operating the budget
should be expressed as a percentage of the overall budget. The budget
justification should provide specific budget figures, rounding off figures to
the nearest dollar. Applicants should consult 2 CFR 200, Subpart E, "Cost
Principals," for information about appropriate costs for each budget category.



 vii. In addition to completing the standard application forms, you must submit:




 (1) Supplementary material that demonstrate that your organization is legally
recognized under state or Tribal and Federal law. Satisfactory documentation
includes, but is not limited to, certificates from the Secretary of State, or
copies of state statutes or laws establishing your organization. Letters from
the IRS awarding tax-exempt status are not considered adequate evidence.



 (2) A certified list of directors and officers with their respective terms.



 (3) Evidence of tax exempt status from the IRS.



 (4) The most recent audit of your organization.



 (5) The following financial statements:



 (a) A pro forma balance sheet at start-up and for at least three additional
years; Balance sheets, income statements, and cash flow statements for the last
three years.



 (b) If your organization has been formed less than three years, the financial
statements should be submitted for the periods from inception to the present.
Projected income and cash flow statements for at least three years supported by
a list of assumptions showing the basis for the projections. The projected
income statement and balance sheet must include one set of projections that
shows the revolving loan fund only and a separate set of projections that shows
your organization's total operations.



 (6) Additional information to support and describe your plan for achieving the
grant objectives. The information may be regarded as essential for understanding
and evaluating the project and may be found in letters of support, as
resolutions, policies, and other relevant documents. The supplements may be
presented in appendices to the proposal.



 d. Compliance with other federal statutes.



 The applicant must provide evidence of compliance with other federal statutes,
including but not limited to the following:



 i. Debarment and suspension information is required in accordance with 2 CFR
part 417 (Nonprocurement Debarment and Suspension) supplemented by 2 CFR part
180, if it applies. The section heading is "What information must I provide
before entering into a covered transaction with the Federal Government?" located
at 2 CFR 180.335. It is part of OMB's Guidance for Grants and Agreements
concerning Government-wide Debarment and Suspension.



 ii. All of your organization's known workplaces by including the actual address
of buildings (or parts of buildings) or other sites where work under the award
takes place. Workplace identification is required under the drug-free workplace
requirements in Subpart B of 2 CFR part 421, which adopts the Government-wide
implementation (2 CFR part 182) of the Drug-Free Workplace Act.



 iii. 2 CFR parts 200 and 400 (Uniform Assistance Requirements, Cost Principles
and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards).



 iv. 2 CFR part 182 (Governmentwide Requirements for Drug-Free Workplace
(Financial Assistance)) and 2 CFR part 421 (Requirements for Drug Free Workplace
(Financial Assistance)).



 v. Executive Order 13166, "Improving Access to Services for Persons with
Limited English Proficiency." For information on limited English proficiency and
agency-specific guidance, go to http://www.LEP.gov.



 e. Requirements for numbers of copies of submitted applications



 i. Send or deliver paper applications by the U.S. Postal Service (USPS) or
courier delivery services to: Water and Environmental Programs, Rural Utilities
Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Attention: Lisa Chesnel, Mail STOP 1570,
Room 2233-S, Washington, DC, 20250-1570.



 ii. For paper applications mail or ensure delivery of an original paper
application (no stamped, photocopied, or initialed signatures) and two copies by
the deadline date. The application and any materials sent with it become Federal
records by law and cannot be returned to you.



 iii. Electronically submitted applications:



 (1). Applications will not be accepted by fax or electronic mail.



 (2). Electronic applications for grants will be accepted if submitted through
Grants.gov.



 (3). Applicants must preregister successfully with Grants.gov to use the
electronic applications option. Application information may be downloaded from
Grants.gov without preregistration.



 (4). Applicants who apply through Grants.gov should submit their electronic
applications before the deadline.



 (5). Grants.gov contains full instructions on all required passwords,
credentialing, and software. Follow the instructions at Grants.gov for
registering and submitting an electronic application.



 (6). Grants.gov has two preregistration requirements: A DUNS number and an
active registration in the SAM. See section D(3) below for instructions on
obtaining a DUNS number and registering in the SAM.



 3. Unique entity identifier and System for Award Management (SAM). The
applicant for a grant must supply a Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering
System (DUNS) number as part of an application. The Standard Form 424 (SF-424)
contains a field for the DUNS number. The applicant can obtain the DUNS number
free of charge by calling Dun and Bradstreet. Please see http://fedgov.dnb.com
/webform for more information on how to obtain a DUNS number or how to verify
your organization's number.



 In accordance with 2 CFR part 25, whether applying electronically or by paper,
the applicant must register in the System for Award Management (SAM) prior to
submitting an application. Applicants may register for the SAM at
https://www.sam.gov/portal/SAM/#1. The SAM registration must remain active with
current information at all times while RUS is considering an application or
while a Federal Grant award or loan is active. To remain registered in the SAM
database the applicant must review and update the information in the SAM
database annually from date of initial registration or from the date of the last
update. The applicant must ensure that the information in the database is
current, accurate, and complete.



 4. Submission Dates and Times. You may submit completed applications for grants
on paper or electronically according to the following deadlines:



 a. Paper copies must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no
later than February 6, 2017 to be eligible for FY 2017 grant funding. Late or
incomplete applications will not be eligible for FY 2017 grant funding.



 b. Electronic copies must be received by February 6, 2017 to be eligible for FY
2017 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for FY
2017 grant funding.



 5. Funding Restrictions. Grant proceeds may be used solely to establish the
revolving loan fund to provide loans to eligible entities for: Pre-development
costs associated with proposed or existing water and wastewater projects, and
short-term costs incurred for replacement equipment or other small capital
projects not part of regular operations and maintenance of existing water and
wastewater systems. Grant recipients may not use grant funds in any manner
inconsistent with the purposes described in 7 CFR 1783.12 or in the terms of the
grant agreement. Administrative expenses may, however, be paid or reimbursed
from revolving loan fund assets that are not RFP grant funds, including revolved
funds and case originally contributed by the grant recipient.

 E. Application Review Information



 Within 30 days of receiving your application, RUS will send you a letter of
acknowledgment. Your application will be reviewed for completeness to determine
if you included all of the items required. If your application is incomplete or
ineligible, RUS will return it to you with an explanation. A review team,
composed of at least two RUS staff members, will evaluate all applications and
proposals. They will make overall recommendations based on factors such as
eligibility, application completeness, and conformity to application
requirements. They will score the applications based on criteria in the
following section.



 1. Criteria. All applications that are complete and eligible will be ranked
competitively based on the following scoring criteria:



 a. Degree of expertise and successful experience in making and servicing
commercial loans, with a successful record, for the following number of full
years:



 i. At least 1 but less than 3 years--5 points.



 ii. At least 3 but less than 5 years--10 points.



 iii. At least 5 but less than 10 years--20 points.



 iv. 10 or more years--30 points.



 b. Extent to which the work plan demonstrates a well thought out, comprehensive
approach to accomplishing the objectives of this part, clearly defines who will
be served by the project, clearly articulates the problem/issues to be
addressed, identifies the service area to be covered by the RFP loans and
appears likely to be sustainable; Up to 40 points.



 c. Percentage of applicant contributions. Points allowed under this paragraph
will be based on written evidence of the availability of funds from sources
other than the proceeds of an RFP grant to pay part of the cost of a loan
recipient's project. In-kind contributions will not be considered. Funds from
other sources as a percentage of the RFP grant and points corresponding to such
percentages are as follows:



 i. Less than 20 percent--ineligible.



 ii. At least 20 percent but less than 50 percent--10 points.



 iii. 50 percent or more--20 points.



 d. Extent to which the goals and objectives are clearly defined, tied to the
work plan, and are measurable; Up to 15 points.



 e. Lowest ratio of projected administrative expenses to loans advanced; Up to
10 points.



 f. The evaluation methods for considering loan applications and making RFP
loans are specific to the program, clearly defined, measurable, and are
consistent with program outcomes; Up to 20 points.



 g. Administrator's discretion points up to 10 points may be awarded. To the
maximum extent possible, there should be an emphasis on high poverty areas in
rural communities and rural areas with the lowest incomes, particularly those
areas where at least 45 percent of children qualify for the National School
Lunch Program.



 Factors include:



 i. Directs loans to the smallest communities with the lowest incomes
emphasizing areas where according to the American Community Survey data by
census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the population is living in
poverty.



 ii. Directs loans to areas which lack running water, flush toilets, and modern
sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers and high rates of
disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially
Underserved Trust Areas.



 iii. Directs loans that emphasize energy and water efficient components to
reduce costs and increase sustainability of rural systems.



 2. Review and Selection Process. RUS will rank all qualifying applications by
their final score. Applications will be selected for funding, based on the
highest scores and the availability of funding for RFP grants. Each applicant
will be notified in writing of the score its application receives.



 a. In making its decision about your application, RUS may determine that your
application is:



 i. Eligible and selected for funding,



 ii. Eligible but offered fewer funds than requested,



 iii. Eligible but not selected for funding, or



 iv. Ineligible for the grant.



 c. In accordance with 7 CFR part 1900, subpart B, you generally have the right
to appeal adverse decisions. Some adverse decisions cannot be appealed. For
example, if you are denied RUS funding due to a lack of funds available for the
grant program, this decision cannot be appealed. However, you may make a request
to the National Appeals Division (NAD) to review the accuracy of our finding
that the decision cannot be appealed. The appeal must be in writing and filed at
the appropriate regional office, which can be found at www.nad.usda.gov or by
calling (703) 305-1166.

 F. Federal Award Administration Information



 1. Federal Award Notices. RUS generally notifies by mail applicants whose
projects are selected for awards. However, the receipt of an award letter does
not serve to authorize the applicant to commence performance under the award.
RUS follows the award letter with an agreement containing terms and conditions
for the grant. Applicants selected for funding will complete and return grant
agreement, which outlines the terms and conditions of the grant award.



 2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements. The items listed in Section
D of this notice, the RFP program regulation and departmental and other
regulations including 2 CFR parts 180, 182, 200, 400, 421 and any successor
regulations implement the appropriate administrative and national policy
requirements, which include but are not limited to:



 a. SF-270, "Request for Advance or Reimbursement," will be completed by the
Non-Federal Entity and submitted to either the state or national office no more
frequently than monthly.



 b. Upon receipt of a properly completed SF-270, the funds will be requested
through the field office terminal system. Ordinarily, payment will be made
within 30 days after receipt of a proper request for reimbursement.



 c. Non-Federal Entities may use women- and minority-owned banks (a bank which
is owned at least 50 percent by women or minority group members) for the deposit
and disbursement of funds.



 3. Reporting. a. Any change in the scope of the project, budget adjustments of
more than 10 percent of the total budget, or any other significant change in the
project must be reported to and approved by the approval official by written
amendment to the grant agreement. Any change not approved may be cause for
termination of the grant.



 b. Non-Federal Entities shall constantly monitor performance to ensure that
time schedules are being met, projected work by time periods is being
accomplished, and other performance objectives are being achieved. The
Non-Federal Entity will provide project reports as follows:



 i. SF-425, "Financial Status Report (short form)," and a project performance
activity report will be required of all Non-Federal Entities on a quarterly
basis, due 30 days after the end of each quarter.



 ii. A final project performance report will be required with the last SF-425
due 90 days after the end of the last quarter in which the project is completed.
The final report may serve as the last quarterly report.



 iii. All multi-State Non-Federal Entities are to submit an original of each
report to the National Office. Non-Federal Entities serving only one State are
to submit an original of each report to the State Office. The project
performance reports should detail, preferably in a narrative format, activities
that have transpired for the specific time period.



 c. Financial reporting. The Non-Federal Entity will provide an audit report or
financial statements as follows:



 i. Non-Federal Entities expending $750,000 or more Federal funds per fiscal
year will submit an audit conducted in accordance with 2 CFR part 200 The audit
will be submitted within nine months after the Non-Federal Entity's fiscal year.
Additional audits may be required if the project period covers more than one
fiscal year.



 ii. Non-Federal Entities expending less than $750,000 will provide annual
financial statements covering the grant period, consisting of the organization's
statement of income and expense and balance sheet signed by an appropriate
official of the organization. Financial statements will be submitted within 90
days after the Non-Federal Entity's fiscal year.



 iii. Recipient and Subrecipient Reporting. The applicant must have the
necessary processes and systems in place to comply with the reporting
requirements for first-tier sub-awards and executive compensation under the
Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 in the event the
applicant receives funding unless such applicant is exempt from such reporting
requirements pursuant to 2 CFR part 170, §&thinsp;170.110(b). The reporting
requirements under the Transparency Act pursuant to 2 CFR part 170 are as
follows:



 (1) First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more in non-Recovery Act funds (unless
they are exempt under 2 CFR part 170) must be reported by the Recipient to
http://www.fsrs.gov no later than the end of the month following the month the
obligation was made.



 (2) The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (five most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient (if the Recipient
meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to https://www.sam.gov/portal/SAM/#1 by
the end of the month following the month in which the award was made.



 (3) The Total Compensation of the Subrecipient's Executives (five most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Subrecipient (if the
Subrecipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to the Recipient by the
end of the month following the month in which the subaward was made.

 G. Federal Awarding Agency Contacts



 1. Web site: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
water-waste-disposal-revolving-loan-funds. The RUS Web site maintains up-to-date
resources and contact information for the RFP.



 2. Phone: (202) 720-9640.



 3. Fax: (202) 690-0649.



 4. Email: lisa.chesnel@wdc.usda.gov



 5. Main point of contact: Lisa Chesnel, Community Programs Specialist, Water
and Environmental Programs, Rural Utilities Service, Rural Development, U.S.
Department of Agriculture.

 H. Other Information



 1. USDA Non-Discrimination Statement. In accordance with Federal civil rights
law and U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) civil rights regulations and
policies, the USDA, its Agencies, offices, and employees, and institutions
participating in or administering USDA programs are prohibited from
discriminating based on race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender
identity (including gender expression), sexual orientation, disability, age,
marital status, family/parental status, income derived from a public assistance
program, political beliefs, or reprisal or retaliation for prior civil rights
activity, in any program or activity conducted or funded by USDA (not all bases
apply to all programs). Remedies and complaint filing deadlines vary by program
or incident.



 Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of communication for
program information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, American Sign
Language, etc.) should contact the responsible Agency or USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TTY) or contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service
at (800) 877-8339. Additionally, program information may be made available in
languages other than English.



 To file a program discrimination complaint, complete the USDA Program
Discrimination Complaint Form, AD-3027, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html and at any USDA office or
write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the
information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint form, call
(866) 632-9992. Submit your completed form or letter to USDA by:



 (1) Mail: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant Secretary for
Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410; (2) fax:
(202) 690-7442; or (3) email: program.intake@usda.gov



 USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer, and lender.

 Brandon McBride,

 Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-29335 Filed 12-6-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-15-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                                3 of 6 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 7, 2016 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Announcement of Grant and Loan Application Deadlines Pages
88205 - 88210 [FR DOC # 2016-29335]

LENGTH: 5865  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



  DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Utilities Service Announcement of Grant and
Loan Application Deadlines AGENCY: Rural Utilities Service, USDA. ACTION: Notice
of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA), Revolving Fund Program.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) announces its Revolving Fund Program (RFP)
application window for Fiscal Year (FY) 2017. The RFP is authorized under
section 306(a)(2)(B) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (Con
Act), 7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(2)(B). Under the RFP, qualified private, non-profit
organizations may receive RFP grant funds to establish a lending program for
eligible entities.

Eligible entities for the revolving loan fund will be the same entities
eligible, under paragraph 1 or 2 of Section 306(a) of the Con Act, 7 U.S.C.
1926(a)(1) or (b)(2), to obtain a loan, loan guarantee, or grant from the RUS
Water, Waste Disposal, and Wastewater loan and grant programs. This year
administrative discretion points may be awarded for work plans that: 1. Direct
loans to the smallest communities with the lowest incomes emphasizing areas
where according to the American Community Survey data by census tracts show that
at least 20 percent of the population is living in poverty. 2. Direct loans to
areas that lack running water, flush toilets, and modern sewage disposal
systems, and areas which have open sewers and high rates of disease caused by
poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially Underserved Trust
Areas. 3. Direct loans that emphasize energy and water efficient components to
reduce costs and increase sustainability of rural systems. DATES: You may submit
completed applications for grants on paper or electronically according to the
following deadlines:  Paper copies must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or

 sent overnight



 [[Page 88206]]



 no later than February 6, 2017 to be eligible for FY 2017 grant

 funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for FY

 2017 grant funding.

      Electronic copies must be received by February 6, 2017 to

 be eligible for FY 2017 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications

 will not be eligible for FY 2017 grant funding.



 ADDRESSES: You may obtain application guides and materials for the RFP

 program at the Water and Environmental Programs (WEP) Web site:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
water-waste-disposal-revolving-loan-funds. You may also request application
guides and materials by

 contacting Lisa Chesnel at (202) 720-0499.

     Submit electronic grant applications at http://www.grants.gov/ and

 follow the instructions on the Web site.

     Submit completed paper applications for RFP grants to, Rural

 Utilities Service, Rural Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture,

 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Room 2234, STOP 1570, Washington, DC

 20250-1570. Applications should be marked Attention: Lisa Chesnel,

 Water and Environmental Programs.



 FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Lisa Chesnel, Community Programs

 Specialist, Water and Environmental Programs, Rural Utilities Service,

 Rural Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture STOP 1570, Room 2234-

 S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570; Telephone:

 (202) 720-0499: Fax: (202) 690-0649.



 SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:



 Overview



     Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service (RUS), USDA.

     Funding Opportunity Title: Grant Program to Establish a Fund for

 Financing Water and Wastewater Projects (Revolving Fund Program (RFP)).

     Announcement Type: Notice of Solicitation of Applications.

     Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.864.

     Due Date for Applications: Applications must be mailed, shipped or

 submitted electronically through Grants.gov no later than February 6,

 2017 to be eligible for FY 2017 grant funding.

     Items in Supplementary Information



     A. Program Description: Brief introduction to the RFP.

     B. Federal Award Information: To be announced.

     C. Eligibility Information: Who is eligible, what kinds of

 projects are eligible, what criteria determine basic eligibility.

     D. Application and Submission Information: Where to get

 application materials, what constitutes a completed application, how

 and where to submit applications, deadlines, items that are

 eligible.

     E. Application Review Information: Considerations and

 preferences, scoring criteria, review standards, selection

 information.

     F. Federal Award Administration Information: Award notice

 information, award recipient reporting requirements.

     G. Federal Awarding Agency Contacts: Web site, phone, fax,

 email, contact name.

     H. Other Information: Non-discrimination Statement.



 A. Program Description



     Drinking water systems are basic and vital to both health and

 economic development. With dependable water facilities, rural

 communities can attract families and businesses that will invest in the

 community and improve the quality of life for all residents. Without

 dependable water facilities, the communities cannot sustain economic

 development.

     RUS provides financial and technical assistance to help communities

 bring safe drinking water and sanitary, environmentally sound waste

 disposal facilities to rural Americans. It supports the sound

 development of rural communities and the growth of our economy without

 endangering the environment.

     The Revolving Fund Program (RFP) was established under 7 U.S.C.

 part 1783 to assist communities with water or wastewater systems.

 Qualified private, non-profit organizations, who are selected for

 funding, will receive RFP grant funds to establish a lending program

 for eligible entities. Eligible entities for the revolving loan fund

 will be those entities eligible under 7 U.S.C.1926(a)(1) and (2) to

 obtain a loan, loan guarantee, or grant from the Water and Waste

 Disposal loan and grant programs administered by RUS. As grant

 recipients, the non-profit organizations will set up a revolving loan

 fund to provide loans to finance predevelopment costs of water or

 wastewater projects, or short-term small capital projects not part of

 the regular operation and maintenance of current water and wastewater

 systems. The amount of financing to an eligible entity shall not exceed

 $100,000.00 and shall be repaid in a term not to exceed 10 years. The

 rate shall be determined in the approved grant work plan.



 B. Federal Award Information



     Available funds: To be announced.



 C. Eligibility Information



     1. Eligible Applicants. An applicant is eligible to apply for the

 RFP grant if it:

     a. Is a private, non-profit organization;

     b. Is legally established and located within one of the following:

     i. A state within the United States;

     ii. The District of Columbia;

     iii. The Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; or

     iv. A United States territory;

     c. Has the legal capacity and authority to carry out the grant

 purpose;

     d. Has a proven record of successfully operating a revolving loan

 fund to rural areas;

     e. Has capitalization acceptable to the Agency, and is composed of

 at least 51 percent of the outstanding interest or membership being

 citizens of the United States or individuals who reside in the United

 States after being legally admitted for permanent residence;

     f. Has no delinquent debt to the Federal government or no

 outstanding judgments to repay a Federal debt;

     g. Demonstrates that it possesses the financial, technical, and

 managerial capability to comply with Federal and state laws and

 requirements; and

     h. Is not a corporation that has been convicted of a felony (or had

 an officer or agent acting on behalf of the corporation convicted of a

 felony) within the past 24 months. Any Corporation that has any unpaid

 Federal tax liability that has been assessed, for which all judicial

 and administrative remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and

 that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with

 the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability is not

 eligible.

     2. Cost Sharing or Matching: Applicants must contribute at least 20

 percent of funds from sources other than the proceeds of an RFP grant

 to pay part of the cost of a loan recipient's project. In-kind

 contribution will not be considered.

     3. Other: What are the basic eligibility requirements for a

 project?

     a. The following activities are authorized under the RFP statute:

     i. Grant funds must be used to capitalize a revolving fund program

 for the purpose of providing direct loan financing to eligible entities

 for pre-development costs associated with proposed or with existing

 water and wastewater systems, or,

     ii. Short-term costs incurred for equipment replacement, small-

 scale extension of services, or other small capital projects that are

 not part of the regular operations and maintenance activities of

 existing water and wastewater systems.



 [[Page 88207]]



     b. Grant funds may not be used to pay any of the following:

     i. Payment of the Grant Recipient's administrative costs or

 expenses, or,

     ii. Delinquent debt owed to the Federal Government.



 D. Application and Submission Information



     1. Address to Request Application Package:

     a. The Internet: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
water-waste-disposal-revolving-loan-funds or Grants.gov Web site:
http://www.grants.gov/.

     b. For paper copies of these materials, you may call (202) 720-

 9583.

     2. Content and Form of Application Submission:

     a. You may file an application in either paper or electronic

 format. To be considered for support, you must be an eligible entity

 and must submit a complete application by the deadline date. Applicants

 should consult the cost principles and general administrative

 requirements for grants pertaining to their organizational type in

 order to prepare the budget and complete other parts of the

 application. You also must demonstrate compliance (or intent to

 comply), through certification or other means, with a number of public

 policy requirements. Applications should be prepared in conformance

 with 7 CFR part 1783, and departmental and other applicable regulations

 including 2 CFR parts 180, 182, 200, 400 and 421, or any successor

 regulations.

     Whether you file a paper or an electronic application, you will

 need a DUNS number and must be registered in the System for Award

 Management (SAM). Detailed information on obtaining a DUNS number and

 registering for SAM may be found in section D(3).

     b. Applicants must complete and submit the following forms to apply

 for a RFP grant:

     i. Standard Form 424, ``Application for Federal Assistance''.

     ii. Standard Form 424A, ``Budget Information--Non-Construction

 Programs''.

     iii. Standard Form 424B, ``Assurances--Non-Construction Programs''.

     iv. Standard Form LLL, ``Disclosure of Lobbying Activity''.

     v. Form RD 400-1, ``Equal Opportunity Agreement''.

     vi. Form RD 400-4, ``Assurance Agreement (Under Title VI, Civil

 Rights Act of 1964).

     c. The project proposal should outline the project in sufficient

 detail to provide a reader with a complete understanding of how the

 loan program will work. Explain what you will accomplish by lending

 funds to eligible entities. Demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed

 loan program in meeting the objectives of this grant program. The

 proposal should cover the following elements:

     i. Present a brief project overview. Explain the purpose of the

 project, how it relates to RUS's purposes, how you will carry out the

 project, what the project will produce, and who will direct it.

     ii. Describe why the project is necessary. Demonstrate that

 eligible entities need loan funds. Quantify the number of prospective

 borrowers or provide statistical or narrative evidence that a

 sufficient number of borrowers will exist to justify the grant award.

 Describe the service area. Address community needs.

     iii. Clearly state your project goals. Your objectives should

 clearly describe the goals and be concrete and specific enough to be

 quantitative or observable. They should also be feasible and relate to

 the purpose of the loan program.

     iv. The narrative should cover in more detail the items briefly

 described in the Project Summary. It should establish the basis for any

 claims that you have substantial expertise in promoting the safe and

 productive use of revolving funds. In describing what the project will

 achieve, you should tell the reader if it also will have broader

 influence. The narrative should address the following points:

     (1) Document your ability to administer and service a revolving

 fund in accordance with the provisions of 7 CFR part 1783.

     (2) Document your ability to commit financial resources to

 establish the RFP with funds your organization controls. This

 documentation should describe the sources of funds other than the RFP

 grant that will be used to pay your operational costs and provide

 financial assistance for projects.

     (3) Demonstrate that you have secured commitments of significant

 financial support from other funding sources, if appropriate.

     (4) List the fees and charges that borrowers will be assessed.

     v. The work plan must describe the tasks and activities that will

 be accomplished with available resources during the grant period. It

 must show the work you plan to do to achieve the anticipated outcomes,

 goals, and objectives set out for the RFP. The plan must:

     (1) Describe the work to be performed by each person.

     (2) Give a schedule or timetable of work to be done.

     (3) Show evidence of previous experience with the techniques to be

 used or their successful use by others.

     (4) Outline the loan program to include the following: specific

 loan purposes, a loan application process, priorities, borrower

 eligibility criteria, limitations, fees, interest rates, terms, and

 collateral requirements.

     (5) Provide a marketing plan.

     (6) Explain the mechanics of how you will transfer loan funds to

 the borrowers.

     (7) Describe follow-up or continuing activities that should occur

 after project completion such as monitoring and reporting borrowers'

 accomplishments.

     (8) Describe how the results will be evaluated. The evaluation

 criteria should be in line with the project objectives.

     (9) List all personnel responsible for administering this program

 along with a statement of their qualifications and experience.

     vi. The written justification for projected costs should explain

 how budget figures were determined for each category. It should

 indicate which costs are to be covered by grant funds and which costs

 will be met by your organization or other organizations. The

 justification should account for all expenditures discussed in the

 narrative. It should reflect appropriate cost-sharing contributions.

 The budget justification should explain the budget and accounting

 system proposed or in place. The administrative costs for operating the

 budget should be expressed as a percentage of the overall budget. The

 budget justification should provide specific budget figures, rounding

 off figures to the nearest dollar. Applicants should consult 2 CFR 200,

 Subpart E, ``Cost Principals,'' for information about appropriate costs

 for each budget category.

     vii. In addition to completing the standard application forms, you

 must submit:

     (1) Supplementary material that demonstrate that your organization

 is legally recognized under state or Tribal and Federal law.

 Satisfactory documentation includes, but is not limited to,

 certificates from the Secretary of State, or copies of state statutes

 or laws establishing your organization. Letters from the IRS awarding

 tax-exempt status are not considered adequate evidence.

     (2) A certified list of directors and officers with their

 respective terms.

     (3) Evidence of tax exempt status from the IRS.



 [[Page 88208]]



     (4) The most recent audit of your organization.

     (5) The following financial statements:

     (a) A pro forma balance sheet at start-up and for at least three

 additional years; Balance sheets, income statements, and cash flow

 statements for the last three years.

     (b) If your organization has been formed less than three years, the

 financial statements should be submitted for the periods from inception

 to the present. Projected income and cash flow statements for at least

 three years supported by a list of assumptions showing the basis for

 the projections. The projected income statement and balance sheet must

 include one set of projections that shows the revolving loan fund only

 and a separate set of projections that shows your organization's total

 operations.

     (6) Additional information to support and describe your plan for

 achieving the grant objectives. The information may be regarded as

 essential for understanding and evaluating the project and may be found

 in letters of support, as resolutions, policies, and other relevant

 documents. The supplements may be presented in appendices to the

 proposal.

     d. Compliance with other federal statutes.

     The applicant must provide evidence of compliance with other

 federal statutes, including but not limited to the following:

     i. Debarment and suspension information is required in accordance

 with 2 CFR part 417 (Nonprocurement Debarment and Suspension)

 supplemented by 2 CFR part 180, if it applies. The section heading is

 ``What information must I provide before entering into a covered

 transaction with the Federal Government?'' located at 2 CFR 180.335. It

 is part of OMB's Guidance for Grants and Agreements concerning

 Government-wide Debarment and Suspension.

     ii. All of your organization's known workplaces by including the

 actual address of buildings (or parts of buildings) or other sites

 where work under the award takes place. Workplace identification is

 required under the drug-free workplace requirements in Subpart B of 2

 CFR part 421, which adopts the Government-wide implementation (2 CFR

 part 182) of the Drug-Free Workplace Act.

     iii. 2 CFR parts 200 and 400 (Uniform Assistance Requirements, Cost

 Principles and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards).

     iv. 2 CFR part 182 (Governmentwide Requirements for Drug-Free

 Workplace (Financial Assistance)) and 2 CFR part 421 (Requirements for

 Drug Free Workplace (Financial Assistance)).

     v. Executive Order 13166, ``Improving Access to Services for

 Persons with Limited English Proficiency.'' For information on limited

 English proficiency and agency-specific guidance, go to http://www.LEP.gov.

     e. Requirements for numbers of copies of submitted applications

     i. Send or deliver paper applications by the U.S. Postal Service

 (USPS) or courier delivery services to: Water and Environmental

 Programs, Rural Utilities Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,

 Attention: Lisa Chesnel, Mail STOP 1570, Room 2233-S, Washington, DC,

 20250-1570.

     ii. For paper applications mail or ensure delivery of an original

 paper application (no stamped, photocopied, or initialed signatures)

 and two copies by the deadline date. The application and any materials

 sent with it become Federal records by law and cannot be returned to

 you.

     iii. Electronically submitted applications:

     (1). Applications will not be accepted by fax or electronic mail.

     (2). Electronic applications for grants will be accepted if

 submitted through Grants.gov.

     (3). Applicants must preregister successfully with Grants.gov to

 use the electronic applications option. Application information may be

 downloaded from Grants.gov without preregistration.

     (4). Applicants who apply through Grants.gov should submit their

 electronic applications before the deadline.

     (5). Grants.gov contains full instructions on all required

 passwords, credentialing, and software. Follow the instructions at

 Grants.gov for registering and submitting an electronic application.

     (6). Grants.gov has two preregistration requirements: A DUNS number

 and an active registration in the SAM. See section D(3) below for

 instructions on obtaining a DUNS number and registering in the SAM.

     3. Unique entity identifier and System for Award Management (SAM).

 The applicant for a grant must supply a Dun and Bradstreet Data

 Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number as part of an application. The

 Standard Form 424 (SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS number. The

 applicant can obtain the DUNS number free of charge by calling Dun and

 Bradstreet. Please see http://fedgov.dnb.com /webform for more

 information on how to obtain a DUNS number or how to verify your

 organization's number.

     In accordance with 2 CFR part 25, whether applying electronically

 or by paper, the applicant must register in the System for Award

 Management (SAM) prior to submitting an application. Applicants may

 register for the SAM at https://www.sam.gov/portal/SAM/#1. The SAM

 registration must remain active with current information at all times

 while RUS is considering an application or while a Federal Grant award

 or loan is active. To remain registered in the SAM database the

 applicant must review and update the information in the SAM database

 annually from date of initial registration or from the date of the last

 update. The applicant must ensure that the information in the database

 is current, accurate, and complete.

     4. Submission Dates and Times. You may submit completed

 applications for grants on paper or electronically according to the

 following deadlines:

     a. Paper copies must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent

 overnight no later than February 6, 2017 to be eligible for FY 2017

 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for

 FY 2017 grant funding.

     b. Electronic copies must be received by February 6, 2017 to be

 eligible for FY 2017 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications

 will not be eligible for FY 2017 grant funding.

     5. Funding Restrictions. Grant proceeds may be used solely to

 establish the revolving loan fund to provide loans to eligible entities

 for: Pre-development costs associated with proposed or existing water

 and wastewater projects, and short-term costs incurred for replacement

 equipment or other small capital projects not part of regular

 operations and maintenance of existing water and wastewater systems.

 Grant recipients may not use grant funds in any manner inconsistent

 with the purposes described in 7 CFR 1783.12 or in the terms of the

 grant agreement. Administrative expenses may, however, be paid or

 reimbursed from revolving loan fund assets that are not RFP grant

 funds, including revolved funds and case originally contributed by the

 grant recipient.



 E. Application Review Information



     Within 30 days of receiving your application, RUS will send you a

 letter of acknowledgment. Your application will be reviewed for

 completeness to determine if you included all of the items required. If

 your application is incomplete or ineligible, RUS will return it to you

 with an explanation. A review team, composed of at least two



 [[Page 88209]]



 RUS staff members, will evaluate all applications and proposals. They

 will make overall recommendations based on factors such as eligibility,

 application completeness, and conformity to application requirements.

 They will score the applications based on criteria in the following

 section.

     1. Criteria. All applications that are complete and eligible will

 be ranked competitively based on the following scoring criteria:

     a. Degree of expertise and successful experience in making and

 servicing commercial loans, with a successful record, for the following

 number of full years:

     i. At least 1 but less than 3 years--5 points.

     ii. At least 3 but less than 5 years--10 points.

     iii. At least 5 but less than 10 years--20 points.

     iv. 10 or more years--30 points.

     b. Extent to which the work plan demonstrates a well thought out,

 comprehensive approach to accomplishing the objectives of this part,

 clearly defines who will be served by the project, clearly articulates

 the problem/issues to be addressed, identifies the service area to be

 covered by the RFP loans and appears likely to be sustainable; Up to 40

 points.

     c. Percentage of applicant contributions. Points allowed under this

 paragraph will be based on written evidence of the availability of

 funds from sources other than the proceeds of an RFP grant to pay part

 of the cost of a loan recipient's project. In-kind contributions will

 not be considered. Funds from other sources as a percentage of the RFP

 grant and points corresponding to such percentages are as follows:

     i. Less than 20 percent--ineligible.

     ii. At least 20 percent but less than 50 percent--10 points.

     iii. 50 percent or more--20 points.

     d. Extent to which the goals and objectives are clearly defined,

 tied to the work plan, and are measurable; Up to 15 points.

     e. Lowest ratio of projected administrative expenses to loans

 advanced; Up to 10 points.

     f. The evaluation methods for considering loan applications and

 making RFP loans are specific to the program, clearly defined,

 measurable, and are consistent with program outcomes; Up to 20 points.

     g. Administrator's discretion points up to 10 points may be

 awarded. To the maximum extent possible, there should be an emphasis on

 high poverty areas in rural communities and rural areas with the lowest

 incomes, particularly those areas where at least 45 percent of children

 qualify for the National School Lunch Program.

     Factors include:

     i. Directs loans to the smallest communities with the lowest

 incomes emphasizing areas where according to the American Community

 Survey data by census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the

 population is living in poverty.

     ii. Directs loans to areas which lack running water, flush toilets,

 and modern sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers

 and high rates of disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular,

 colonias or Substantially Underserved Trust Areas.

     iii. Directs loans that emphasize energy and water efficient

 components to reduce costs and increase sustainability of rural

 systems.

     2. Review and Selection Process. RUS will rank all qualifying

 applications by their final score. Applications will be selected for

 funding, based on the highest scores and the availability of funding

 for RFP grants. Each applicant will be notified in writing of the score

 its application receives.

     a. In making its decision about your application, RUS may determine

 that your application is:

     i. Eligible and selected for funding,

     ii. Eligible but offered fewer funds than requested,

     iii. Eligible but not selected for funding, or

     iv. Ineligible for the grant.

     c. In accordance with 7 CFR part 1900, subpart B, you generally

 have the right to appeal adverse decisions. Some adverse decisions

 cannot be appealed. For example, if you are denied RUS funding due to a

 lack of funds available for the grant program, this decision cannot be

 appealed. However, you may make a request to the National Appeals

 Division (NAD) to review the accuracy of our finding that the decision

 cannot be appealed. The appeal must be in writing and filed at the

 appropriate regional office, which can be found at www.nad.usda.gov or

 by calling (703) 305-1166.



 F. Federal Award Administration Information



     1. Federal Award Notices. RUS generally notifies by mail applicants

 whose projects are selected for awards. However, the receipt of an

 award letter does not serve to authorize the applicant to commence

 performance under the award. RUS follows the award letter with an

 agreement containing terms and conditions for the grant. Applicants

 selected for funding will complete and return grant agreement, which

 outlines the terms and conditions of the grant award.

     2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements. The items

 listed in Section D of this notice, the RFP program regulation and

 departmental and other regulations including 2 CFR parts 180, 182, 200,

 400, 421 and any successor regulations implement the appropriate

 administrative and national policy requirements, which include but are

 not limited to:

     a. SF-270, ``Request for Advance or Reimbursement,'' will be

 completed by the Non-Federal Entity and submitted to either the state

 or national office no more frequently than monthly.

     b. Upon receipt of a properly completed SF-270, the funds will be

 requested through the field office terminal system. Ordinarily, payment

 will be made within 30 days after receipt of a proper request for

 reimbursement.

     c. Non-Federal Entities may use women- and minority-owned banks (a

 bank which is owned at least 50 percent by women or minority group

 members) for the deposit and disbursement of funds.

     3. Reporting. a. Any change in the scope of the project, budget

 adjustments of more than 10 percent of the total budget, or any other

 significant change in the project must be reported to and approved by

 the approval official by written amendment to the grant agreement. Any

 change not approved may be cause for termination of the grant.

     b. Non-Federal Entities shall constantly monitor performance to

 ensure that time schedules are being met, projected work by time

 periods is being accomplished, and other performance objectives are

 being achieved. The Non-Federal Entity will provide project reports as

 follows:

     i. SF-425, ``Financial Status Report (short form),'' and a project

 performance activity report will be required of all Non-Federal

 Entities on a quarterly basis, due 30 days after the end of each

 quarter.

     ii. A final project performance report will be required with the

 last SF-425 due 90 days after the end of the last quarter in which the

 project is completed. The final report may serve as the last quarterly

 report.

     iii. All multi-State Non-Federal Entities are to submit an original

 of each report to the National Office. Non-Federal Entities serving

 only one State are to submit an original of each report to the State

 Office. The project performance reports should detail, preferably in a

 narrative format,



 [[Page 88210]]



 activities that have transpired for the specific time period.

     c. Financial reporting. The Non-Federal Entity will provide an

 audit report or financial statements as follows:

     i. Non-Federal Entities expending $750,000 or more Federal funds

 per fiscal year will submit an audit conducted in accordance with 2 CFR

 part 200 The audit will be submitted within nine months after the Non-

 Federal Entity's fiscal year. Additional audits may be required if the

 project period covers more than one fiscal year.

     ii. Non-Federal Entities expending less than $750,000 will provide

 annual financial statements covering the grant period, consisting of

 the organization's statement of income and expense and balance sheet

 signed by an appropriate official of the organization. Financial

 statements will be submitted within 90 days after the Non-Federal

 Entity's fiscal year.

     iii. Recipient and Subrecipient Reporting. The applicant must have

 the necessary processes and systems in place to comply with the

 reporting requirements for first-tier sub-awards and executive

 compensation under the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency

 Act of 2006 in the event the applicant receives funding unless such

 applicant is exempt from such reporting requirements pursuant to 2 CFR

 part 170, Sec.  170.110(b). The reporting requirements under the

 Transparency Act pursuant to 2 CFR part 170 are as follows:

     (1) First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more in non-Recovery Act

 funds (unless they are exempt under 2 CFR part 170) must be reported by

 the Recipient to http://www.fsrs.gov no later than the end of the month

 following the month the obligation was made.

     (2) The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (five most

 highly compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient (if

 the Recipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to
https://www.sam.gov/portal/SAM/#1 by the end of the month following the month

 in which the award was made.

     (3) The Total Compensation of the Subrecipient's Executives (five

 most highly compensated executives) must be reported by the

 Subrecipient (if the Subrecipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part

 170) to the Recipient by the end of the month following the month in

 which the subaward was made.



 G. Federal Awarding Agency Contacts



     1. Web site: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
water-waste-disposal-revolving-loan-funds. The RUS Web site maintains up-to-date


 resources and contact information for the RFP.

     2. Phone: (202) 720-9640.

     3. Fax: (202) 690-0649.

     4. Email: lisa.chesnel@wdc.usda.gov

     5. Main point of contact: Lisa Chesnel, Community Programs

 Specialist, Water and Environmental Programs, Rural Utilities Service,

 Rural Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture.



 H. Other Information



     1. USDA Non-Discrimination Statement. In accordance with Federal

 civil rights law and U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) civil rights

 regulations and policies, the USDA, its Agencies, offices, and

 employees, and institutions participating in or administering USDA

 programs are prohibited from discriminating based on race, color,

 national origin, religion, sex, gender identity (including gender

 expression), sexual orientation, disability, age, marital status,

 family/parental status, income derived from a public assistance

 program, political beliefs, or reprisal or retaliation for prior civil

 rights activity, in any program or activity conducted or funded by USDA

 (not all bases apply to all programs). Remedies and complaint filing

 deadlines vary by program or incident.

     Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of

 communication for program information (e.g., Braille, large print,

 audiotape, American Sign Language, etc.) should contact the responsible

 Agency or USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TTY) or

 contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339.

 Additionally, program information may be made available in languages

 other than English.

     To file a program discrimination complaint, complete the USDA

 Program Discrimination Complaint Form, AD-3027, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html and at any USDA office or

 write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the

 information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint

 form, call (866) 632-9992. Submit your completed form or letter to USDA

 by:

     (1) Mail: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant

 Secretary for Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington,

 DC 20250-9410; (2) fax: (202) 690-7442; or (3) email:

 program.intake@usda.gov

     USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer, and lender.



 Brandon McBride,

 Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-29335 Filed 12-6-16; 8:45 am]

  BILLING CODE 3410-15-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                                4 of 6 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 7, 2016 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Announcement of Grant and Loan Application Deadlines Pages
88205 - 88210 [FR DOC # 2016-29335]

LENGTH: 5865  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Utilities Service Announcement of Grant and
Loan Application Deadlines AGENCY: Rural Utilities Service, USDA. ACTION: Notice
of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA), Revolving Fund Program.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) announces its Revolving Fund Program (RFP)
application window for Fiscal Year (FY) 2017. The RFP is authorized under
section 306(a)(2)(B) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (Con
Act), 7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(2)(B). Under the RFP, qualified private, non-profit
organizations may receive RFP grant funds to establish a lending program for
eligible entities.

Eligible entities for the revolving loan fund will be the same entities
eligible, under paragraph 1 or 2 of Section 306(a) of the Con Act, 7 U.S.C.
1926(a)(1) or (b)(2), to obtain a loan, loan guarantee, or grant from the RUS
Water, Waste Disposal, and Wastewater loan and grant programs. This year
administrative discretion points may be awarded for work plans that: 1. Direct
loans to the smallest communities with the lowest incomes emphasizing areas
where according to the American Community Survey data by census tracts show that
at least 20 percent of the population is living in poverty. 2. Direct loans to
areas that lack running water, flush toilets, and modern sewage disposal
systems, and areas which have open sewers and high rates of disease caused by
poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially Underserved Trust
Areas. 3. Direct loans that emphasize energy and water efficient components to
reduce costs and increase sustainability of rural systems. DATES: You may submit
completed applications for grants on paper or electronically according to the
following deadlines:  Paper copies must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or

 sent overnight



 [[Page 88206]]



 no later than February 6, 2017 to be eligible for FY 2017 grant

 funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for FY

 2017 grant funding.

      Electronic copies must be received by February 6, 2017 to

 be eligible for FY 2017 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications

 will not be eligible for FY 2017 grant funding.



 ADDRESSES: You may obtain application guides and materials for the RFP

 program at the Water and Environmental Programs (WEP) Web site:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
water-waste-disposal-revolving-loan-funds. You may also request application
guides and materials by

 contacting Lisa Chesnel at (202) 720-0499.

     Submit electronic grant applications at http://www.grants.gov/ and

 follow the instructions on the Web site.

     Submit completed paper applications for RFP grants to, Rural

 Utilities Service, Rural Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture,

 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Room 2234, STOP 1570, Washington, DC

 20250-1570. Applications should be marked Attention: Lisa Chesnel,

 Water and Environmental Programs.



 FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Lisa Chesnel, Community Programs

 Specialist, Water and Environmental Programs, Rural Utilities Service,

 Rural Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture STOP 1570, Room 2234-

 S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570; Telephone:

 (202) 720-0499: Fax: (202) 690-0649.



 SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:



 Overview



     Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service (RUS), USDA.

     Funding Opportunity Title: Grant Program to Establish a Fund for

 Financing Water and Wastewater Projects (Revolving Fund Program (RFP)).

     Announcement Type: Notice of Solicitation of Applications.

     Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.864.

     Due Date for Applications: Applications must be mailed, shipped or

 submitted electronically through Grants.gov no later than February 6,

 2017 to be eligible for FY 2017 grant funding.

     Items in Supplementary Information



     A. Program Description: Brief introduction to the RFP.

     B. Federal Award Information: To be announced.

     C. Eligibility Information: Who is eligible, what kinds of

 projects are eligible, what criteria determine basic eligibility.

     D. Application and Submission Information: Where to get

 application materials, what constitutes a completed application, how

 and where to submit applications, deadlines, items that are

 eligible.

     E. Application Review Information: Considerations and

 preferences, scoring criteria, review standards, selection

 information.

     F. Federal Award Administration Information: Award notice

 information, award recipient reporting requirements.

     G. Federal Awarding Agency Contacts: Web site, phone, fax,

 email, contact name.

     H. Other Information: Non-discrimination Statement.



 A. Program Description



     Drinking water systems are basic and vital to both health and

 economic development. With dependable water facilities, rural

 communities can attract families and businesses that will invest in the

 community and improve the quality of life for all residents. Without

 dependable water facilities, the communities cannot sustain economic

 development.

     RUS provides financial and technical assistance to help communities

 bring safe drinking water and sanitary, environmentally sound waste

 disposal facilities to rural Americans. It supports the sound

 development of rural communities and the growth of our economy without

 endangering the environment.

     The Revolving Fund Program (RFP) was established under 7 U.S.C.

 part 1783 to assist communities with water or wastewater systems.

 Qualified private, non-profit organizations, who are selected for

 funding, will receive RFP grant funds to establish a lending program

 for eligible entities. Eligible entities for the revolving loan fund

 will be those entities eligible under 7 U.S.C.1926(a)(1) and (2) to

 obtain a loan, loan guarantee, or grant from the Water and Waste

 Disposal loan and grant programs administered by RUS. As grant

 recipients, the non-profit organizations will set up a revolving loan

 fund to provide loans to finance predevelopment costs of water or

 wastewater projects, or short-term small capital projects not part of

 the regular operation and maintenance of current water and wastewater

 systems. The amount of financing to an eligible entity shall not exceed

 $100,000.00 and shall be repaid in a term not to exceed 10 years. The

 rate shall be determined in the approved grant work plan.



 B. Federal Award Information



     Available funds: To be announced.



 C. Eligibility Information



     1. Eligible Applicants. An applicant is eligible to apply for the

 RFP grant if it:

     a. Is a private, non-profit organization;

     b. Is legally established and located within one of the following:

     i. A state within the United States;

     ii. The District of Columbia;

     iii. The Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; or

     iv. A United States territory;

     c. Has the legal capacity and authority to carry out the grant

 purpose;

     d. Has a proven record of successfully operating a revolving loan

 fund to rural areas;

     e. Has capitalization acceptable to the Agency, and is composed of

 at least 51 percent of the outstanding interest or membership being

 citizens of the United States or individuals who reside in the United

 States after being legally admitted for permanent residence;

     f. Has no delinquent debt to the Federal government or no

 outstanding judgments to repay a Federal debt;

     g. Demonstrates that it possesses the financial, technical, and

 managerial capability to comply with Federal and state laws and

 requirements; and

     h. Is not a corporation that has been convicted of a felony (or had

 an officer or agent acting on behalf of the corporation convicted of a

 felony) within the past 24 months. Any Corporation that has any unpaid

 Federal tax liability that has been assessed, for which all judicial

 and administrative remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and

 that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with

 the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability is not

 eligible.

     2. Cost Sharing or Matching: Applicants must contribute at least 20

 percent of funds from sources other than the proceeds of an RFP grant

 to pay part of the cost of a loan recipient's project. In-kind

 contribution will not be considered.

     3. Other: What are the basic eligibility requirements for a

 project?

     a. The following activities are authorized under the RFP statute:

     i. Grant funds must be used to capitalize a revolving fund program

 for the purpose of providing direct loan financing to eligible entities

 for pre-development costs associated with proposed or with existing

 water and wastewater systems, or,

     ii. Short-term costs incurred for equipment replacement, small-

 scale extension of services, or other small capital projects that are

 not part of the regular operations and maintenance activities of

 existing water and wastewater systems.



 [[Page 88207]]



     b. Grant funds may not be used to pay any of the following:

     i. Payment of the Grant Recipient's administrative costs or

 expenses, or,

     ii. Delinquent debt owed to the Federal Government.



 D. Application and Submission Information



     1. Address to Request Application Package:

     a. The Internet: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
water-waste-disposal-revolving-loan-funds or Grants.gov Web site:
http://www.grants.gov/.

     b. For paper copies of these materials, you may call (202) 720-

 9583.

     2. Content and Form of Application Submission:

     a. You may file an application in either paper or electronic

 format. To be considered for support, you must be an eligible entity

 and must submit a complete application by the deadline date. Applicants

 should consult the cost principles and general administrative

 requirements for grants pertaining to their organizational type in

 order to prepare the budget and complete other parts of the

 application. You also must demonstrate compliance (or intent to

 comply), through certification or other means, with a number of public

 policy requirements. Applications should be prepared in conformance

 with 7 CFR part 1783, and departmental and other applicable regulations

 including 2 CFR parts 180, 182, 200, 400 and 421, or any successor

 regulations.

     Whether you file a paper or an electronic application, you will

 need a DUNS number and must be registered in the System for Award

 Management (SAM). Detailed information on obtaining a DUNS number and

 registering for SAM may be found in section D(3).

     b. Applicants must complete and submit the following forms to apply

 for a RFP grant:

     i. Standard Form 424, ``Application for Federal Assistance''.

     ii. Standard Form 424A, ``Budget Information--Non-Construction

 Programs''.

     iii. Standard Form 424B, ``Assurances--Non-Construction Programs''.

     iv. Standard Form LLL, ``Disclosure of Lobbying Activity''.

     v. Form RD 400-1, ``Equal Opportunity Agreement''.

     vi. Form RD 400-4, ``Assurance Agreement (Under Title VI, Civil

 Rights Act of 1964).

     c. The project proposal should outline the project in sufficient

 detail to provide a reader with a complete understanding of how the

 loan program will work. Explain what you will accomplish by lending

 funds to eligible entities. Demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed

 loan program in meeting the objectives of this grant program. The

 proposal should cover the following elements:

     i. Present a brief project overview. Explain the purpose of the

 project, how it relates to RUS's purposes, how you will carry out the

 project, what the project will produce, and who will direct it.

     ii. Describe why the project is necessary. Demonstrate that

 eligible entities need loan funds. Quantify the number of prospective

 borrowers or provide statistical or narrative evidence that a

 sufficient number of borrowers will exist to justify the grant award.

 Describe the service area. Address community needs.

     iii. Clearly state your project goals. Your objectives should

 clearly describe the goals and be concrete and specific enough to be

 quantitative or observable. They should also be feasible and relate to

 the purpose of the loan program.

     iv. The narrative should cover in more detail the items briefly

 described in the Project Summary. It should establish the basis for any

 claims that you have substantial expertise in promoting the safe and

 productive use of revolving funds. In describing what the project will

 achieve, you should tell the reader if it also will have broader

 influence. The narrative should address the following points:

     (1) Document your ability to administer and service a revolving

 fund in accordance with the provisions of 7 CFR part 1783.

     (2) Document your ability to commit financial resources to

 establish the RFP with funds your organization controls. This

 documentation should describe the sources of funds other than the RFP

 grant that will be used to pay your operational costs and provide

 financial assistance for projects.

     (3) Demonstrate that you have secured commitments of significant

 financial support from other funding sources, if appropriate.

     (4) List the fees and charges that borrowers will be assessed.

     v. The work plan must describe the tasks and activities that will

 be accomplished with available resources during the grant period. It

 must show the work you plan to do to achieve the anticipated outcomes,

 goals, and objectives set out for the RFP. The plan must:

     (1) Describe the work to be performed by each person.

     (2) Give a schedule or timetable of work to be done.

     (3) Show evidence of previous experience with the techniques to be

 used or their successful use by others.

     (4) Outline the loan program to include the following: specific

 loan purposes, a loan application process, priorities, borrower

 eligibility criteria, limitations, fees, interest rates, terms, and

 collateral requirements.

     (5) Provide a marketing plan.

     (6) Explain the mechanics of how you will transfer loan funds to

 the borrowers.

     (7) Describe follow-up or continuing activities that should occur

 after project completion such as monitoring and reporting borrowers'

 accomplishments.

     (8) Describe how the results will be evaluated. The evaluation

 criteria should be in line with the project objectives.

     (9) List all personnel responsible for administering this program

 along with a statement of their qualifications and experience.

     vi. The written justification for projected costs should explain

 how budget figures were determined for each category. It should

 indicate which costs are to be covered by grant funds and which costs

 will be met by your organization or other organizations. The

 justification should account for all expenditures discussed in the

 narrative. It should reflect appropriate cost-sharing contributions.

 The budget justification should explain the budget and accounting

 system proposed or in place. The administrative costs for operating the

 budget should be expressed as a percentage of the overall budget. The

 budget justification should provide specific budget figures, rounding

 off figures to the nearest dollar. Applicants should consult 2 CFR 200,

 Subpart E, ``Cost Principals,'' for information about appropriate costs

 for each budget category.

     vii. In addition to completing the standard application forms, you

 must submit:

     (1) Supplementary material that demonstrate that your organization

 is legally recognized under state or Tribal and Federal law.

 Satisfactory documentation includes, but is not limited to,

 certificates from the Secretary of State, or copies of state statutes

 or laws establishing your organization. Letters from the IRS awarding

 tax-exempt status are not considered adequate evidence.

     (2) A certified list of directors and officers with their

 respective terms.

     (3) Evidence of tax exempt status from the IRS.



 [[Page 88208]]



     (4) The most recent audit of your organization.

     (5) The following financial statements:

     (a) A pro forma balance sheet at start-up and for at least three

 additional years; Balance sheets, income statements, and cash flow

 statements for the last three years.

     (b) If your organization has been formed less than three years, the

 financial statements should be submitted for the periods from inception

 to the present. Projected income and cash flow statements for at least

 three years supported by a list of assumptions showing the basis for

 the projections. The projected income statement and balance sheet must

 include one set of projections that shows the revolving loan fund only

 and a separate set of projections that shows your organization's total

 operations.

     (6) Additional information to support and describe your plan for

 achieving the grant objectives. The information may be regarded as

 essential for understanding and evaluating the project and may be found

 in letters of support, as resolutions, policies, and other relevant

 documents. The supplements may be presented in appendices to the

 proposal.

     d. Compliance with other federal statutes.

     The applicant must provide evidence of compliance with other

 federal statutes, including but not limited to the following:

     i. Debarment and suspension information is required in accordance

 with 2 CFR part 417 (Nonprocurement Debarment and Suspension)

 supplemented by 2 CFR part 180, if it applies. The section heading is

 ``What information must I provide before entering into a covered

 transaction with the Federal Government?'' located at 2 CFR 180.335. It

 is part of OMB's Guidance for Grants and Agreements concerning

 Government-wide Debarment and Suspension.

     ii. All of your organization's known workplaces by including the

 actual address of buildings (or parts of buildings) or other sites

 where work under the award takes place. Workplace identification is

 required under the drug-free workplace requirements in Subpart B of 2

 CFR part 421, which adopts the Government-wide implementation (2 CFR

 part 182) of the Drug-Free Workplace Act.

     iii. 2 CFR parts 200 and 400 (Uniform Assistance Requirements, Cost

 Principles and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards).

     iv. 2 CFR part 182 (Governmentwide Requirements for Drug-Free

 Workplace (Financial Assistance)) and 2 CFR part 421 (Requirements for

 Drug Free Workplace (Financial Assistance)).

     v. Executive Order 13166, ``Improving Access to Services for

 Persons with Limited English Proficiency.'' For information on limited

 English proficiency and agency-specific guidance, go to http://www.LEP.gov.

     e. Requirements for numbers of copies of submitted applications

     i. Send or deliver paper applications by the U.S. Postal Service

 (USPS) or courier delivery services to: Water and Environmental

 Programs, Rural Utilities Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,

 Attention: Lisa Chesnel, Mail STOP 1570, Room 2233-S, Washington, DC,

 20250-1570.

     ii. For paper applications mail or ensure delivery of an original

 paper application (no stamped, photocopied, or initialed signatures)

 and two copies by the deadline date. The application and any materials

 sent with it become Federal records by law and cannot be returned to

 you.

     iii. Electronically submitted applications:

     (1). Applications will not be accepted by fax or electronic mail.

     (2). Electronic applications for grants will be accepted if

 submitted through Grants.gov.

     (3). Applicants must preregister successfully with Grants.gov to

 use the electronic applications option. Application information may be

 downloaded from Grants.gov without preregistration.

     (4). Applicants who apply through Grants.gov should submit their

 electronic applications before the deadline.

     (5). Grants.gov contains full instructions on all required

 passwords, credentialing, and software. Follow the instructions at

 Grants.gov for registering and submitting an electronic application.

     (6). Grants.gov has two preregistration requirements: A DUNS number

 and an active registration in the SAM. See section D(3) below for

 instructions on obtaining a DUNS number and registering in the SAM.

     3. Unique entity identifier and System for Award Management (SAM).

 The applicant for a grant must supply a Dun and Bradstreet Data

 Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number as part of an application. The

 Standard Form 424 (SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS number. The

 applicant can obtain the DUNS number free of charge by calling Dun and

 Bradstreet. Please see http://fedgov.dnb.com /webform for more

 information on how to obtain a DUNS number or how to verify your

 organization's number.

     In accordance with 2 CFR part 25, whether applying electronically

 or by paper, the applicant must register in the System for Award

 Management (SAM) prior to submitting an application. Applicants may

 register for the SAM at https://www.sam.gov/portal/SAM/#1. The SAM

 registration must remain active with current information at all times

 while RUS is considering an application or while a Federal Grant award

 or loan is active. To remain registered in the SAM database the

 applicant must review and update the information in the SAM database

 annually from date of initial registration or from the date of the last

 update. The applicant must ensure that the information in the database

 is current, accurate, and complete.

     4. Submission Dates and Times. You may submit completed

 applications for grants on paper or electronically according to the

 following deadlines:

     a. Paper copies must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent

 overnight no later than February 6, 2017 to be eligible for FY 2017

 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for

 FY 2017 grant funding.

     b. Electronic copies must be received by February 6, 2017 to be

 eligible for FY 2017 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications

 will not be eligible for FY 2017 grant funding.

     5. Funding Restrictions. Grant proceeds may be used solely to

 establish the revolving loan fund to provide loans to eligible entities

 for: Pre-development costs associated with proposed or existing water

 and wastewater projects, and short-term costs incurred for replacement

 equipment or other small capital projects not part of regular

 operations and maintenance of existing water and wastewater systems.

 Grant recipients may not use grant funds in any manner inconsistent

 with the purposes described in 7 CFR 1783.12 or in the terms of the

 grant agreement. Administrative expenses may, however, be paid or

 reimbursed from revolving loan fund assets that are not RFP grant

 funds, including revolved funds and case originally contributed by the

 grant recipient.



 E. Application Review Information



     Within 30 days of receiving your application, RUS will send you a

 letter of acknowledgment. Your application will be reviewed for

 completeness to determine if you included all of the items required. If

 your application is incomplete or ineligible, RUS will return it to you

 with an explanation. A review team, composed of at least two



 [[Page 88209]]



 RUS staff members, will evaluate all applications and proposals. They

 will make overall recommendations based on factors such as eligibility,

 application completeness, and conformity to application requirements.

 They will score the applications based on criteria in the following

 section.

     1. Criteria. All applications that are complete and eligible will

 be ranked competitively based on the following scoring criteria:

     a. Degree of expertise and successful experience in making and

 servicing commercial loans, with a successful record, for the following

 number of full years:

     i. At least 1 but less than 3 years--5 points.

     ii. At least 3 but less than 5 years--10 points.

     iii. At least 5 but less than 10 years--20 points.

     iv. 10 or more years--30 points.

     b. Extent to which the work plan demonstrates a well thought out,

 comprehensive approach to accomplishing the objectives of this part,

 clearly defines who will be served by the project, clearly articulates

 the problem/issues to be addressed, identifies the service area to be

 covered by the RFP loans and appears likely to be sustainable; Up to 40

 points.

     c. Percentage of applicant contributions. Points allowed under this

 paragraph will be based on written evidence of the availability of

 funds from sources other than the proceeds of an RFP grant to pay part

 of the cost of a loan recipient's project. In-kind contributions will

 not be considered. Funds from other sources as a percentage of the RFP

 grant and points corresponding to such percentages are as follows:

     i. Less than 20 percent--ineligible.

     ii. At least 20 percent but less than 50 percent--10 points.

     iii. 50 percent or more--20 points.

     d. Extent to which the goals and objectives are clearly defined,

 tied to the work plan, and are measurable; Up to 15 points.

     e. Lowest ratio of projected administrative expenses to loans

 advanced; Up to 10 points.

     f. The evaluation methods for considering loan applications and

 making RFP loans are specific to the program, clearly defined,

 measurable, and are consistent with program outcomes; Up to 20 points.

     g. Administrator's discretion points up to 10 points may be

 awarded. To the maximum extent possible, there should be an emphasis on

 high poverty areas in rural communities and rural areas with the lowest

 incomes, particularly those areas where at least 45 percent of children

 qualify for the National School Lunch Program.

     Factors include:

     i. Directs loans to the smallest communities with the lowest

 incomes emphasizing areas where according to the American Community

 Survey data by census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the

 population is living in poverty.

     ii. Directs loans to areas which lack running water, flush toilets,

 and modern sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers

 and high rates of disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular,

 colonias or Substantially Underserved Trust Areas.

     iii. Directs loans that emphasize energy and water efficient

 components to reduce costs and increase sustainability of rural

 systems.

     2. Review and Selection Process. RUS will rank all qualifying

 applications by their final score. Applications will be selected for

 funding, based on the highest scores and the availability of funding

 for RFP grants. Each applicant will be notified in writing of the score

 its application receives.

     a. In making its decision about your application, RUS may determine

 that your application is:

     i. Eligible and selected for funding,

     ii. Eligible but offered fewer funds than requested,

     iii. Eligible but not selected for funding, or

     iv. Ineligible for the grant.

     c. In accordance with 7 CFR part 1900, subpart B, you generally

 have the right to appeal adverse decisions. Some adverse decisions

 cannot be appealed. For example, if you are denied RUS funding due to a

 lack of funds available for the grant program, this decision cannot be

 appealed. However, you may make a request to the National Appeals

 Division (NAD) to review the accuracy of our finding that the decision

 cannot be appealed. The appeal must be in writing and filed at the

 appropriate regional office, which can be found at www.nad.usda.gov or

 by calling (703) 305-1166.



 F. Federal Award Administration Information



     1. Federal Award Notices. RUS generally notifies by mail applicants

 whose projects are selected for awards. However, the receipt of an

 award letter does not serve to authorize the applicant to commence

 performance under the award. RUS follows the award letter with an

 agreement containing terms and conditions for the grant. Applicants

 selected for funding will complete and return grant agreement, which

 outlines the terms and conditions of the grant award.

     2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements. The items

 listed in Section D of this notice, the RFP program regulation and

 departmental and other regulations including 2 CFR parts 180, 182, 200,

 400, 421 and any successor regulations implement the appropriate

 administrative and national policy requirements, which include but are

 not limited to:

     a. SF-270, ``Request for Advance or Reimbursement,'' will be

 completed by the Non-Federal Entity and submitted to either the state

 or national office no more frequently than monthly.

     b. Upon receipt of a properly completed SF-270, the funds will be

 requested through the field office terminal system. Ordinarily, payment

 will be made within 30 days after receipt of a proper request for

 reimbursement.

     c. Non-Federal Entities may use women- and minority-owned banks (a

 bank which is owned at least 50 percent by women or minority group

 members) for the deposit and disbursement of funds.

     3. Reporting. a. Any change in the scope of the project, budget

 adjustments of more than 10 percent of the total budget, or any other

 significant change in the project must be reported to and approved by

 the approval official by written amendment to the grant agreement. Any

 change not approved may be cause for termination of the grant.

     b. Non-Federal Entities shall constantly monitor performance to

 ensure that time schedules are being met, projected work by time

 periods is being accomplished, and other performance objectives are

 being achieved. The Non-Federal Entity will provide project reports as

 follows:

     i. SF-425, ``Financial Status Report (short form),'' and a project

 performance activity report will be required of all Non-Federal

 Entities on a quarterly basis, due 30 days after the end of each

 quarter.

     ii. A final project performance report will be required with the

 last SF-425 due 90 days after the end of the last quarter in which the

 project is completed. The final report may serve as the last quarterly

 report.

     iii. All multi-State Non-Federal Entities are to submit an original

 of each report to the National Office. Non-Federal Entities serving

 only one State are to submit an original of each report to the State

 Office. The project performance reports should detail, preferably in a

 narrative format,



 [[Page 88210]]



 activities that have transpired for the specific time period.

     c. Financial reporting. The Non-Federal Entity will provide an

 audit report or financial statements as follows:

     i. Non-Federal Entities expending $750,000 or more Federal funds

 per fiscal year will submit an audit conducted in accordance with 2 CFR

 part 200 The audit will be submitted within nine months after the Non-

 Federal Entity's fiscal year. Additional audits may be required if the

 project period covers more than one fiscal year.

     ii. Non-Federal Entities expending less than $750,000 will provide

 annual financial statements covering the grant period, consisting of

 the organization's statement of income and expense and balance sheet

 signed by an appropriate official of the organization. Financial

 statements will be submitted within 90 days after the Non-Federal

 Entity's fiscal year.

     iii. Recipient and Subrecipient Reporting. The applicant must have

 the necessary processes and systems in place to comply with the

 reporting requirements for first-tier sub-awards and executive

 compensation under the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency

 Act of 2006 in the event the applicant receives funding unless such

 applicant is exempt from such reporting requirements pursuant to 2 CFR

 part 170, Sec.  170.110(b). The reporting requirements under the

 Transparency Act pursuant to 2 CFR part 170 are as follows:

     (1) First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more in non-Recovery Act

 funds (unless they are exempt under 2 CFR part 170) must be reported by

 the Recipient to http://www.fsrs.gov no later than the end of the month

 following the month the obligation was made.

     (2) The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (five most

 highly compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient (if

 the Recipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to
https://www.sam.gov/portal/SAM/#1 by the end of the month following the month

 in which the award was made.

     (3) The Total Compensation of the Subrecipient's Executives (five

 most highly compensated executives) must be reported by the

 Subrecipient (if the Subrecipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part

 170) to the Recipient by the end of the month following the month in

 which the subaward was made.



 G. Federal Awarding Agency Contacts



     1. Web site: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
water-waste-disposal-revolving-loan-funds. The RUS Web site maintains up-to-date


 resources and contact information for the RFP.

     2. Phone: (202) 720-9640.

     3. Fax: (202) 690-0649.

     4. Email: lisa.chesnel@wdc.usda.gov

     5. Main point of contact: Lisa Chesnel, Community Programs

 Specialist, Water and Environmental Programs, Rural Utilities Service,

 Rural Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture.



 H. Other Information



     1. USDA Non-Discrimination Statement. In accordance with Federal

 civil rights law and U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) civil rights

 regulations and policies, the USDA, its Agencies, offices, and

 employees, and institutions participating in or administering USDA

 programs are prohibited from discriminating based on race, color,

 national origin, religion, sex, gender identity (including gender

 expression), sexual orientation, disability, age, marital status,

 family/parental status, income derived from a public assistance

 program, political beliefs, or reprisal or retaliation for prior civil

 rights activity, in any program or activity conducted or funded by USDA

 (not all bases apply to all programs). Remedies and complaint filing

 deadlines vary by program or incident.

     Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of

 communication for program information (e.g., Braille, large print,

 audiotape, American Sign Language, etc.) should contact the responsible

 Agency or USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TTY) or

 contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339.

 Additionally, program information may be made available in languages

 other than English.

     To file a program discrimination complaint, complete the USDA

 Program Discrimination Complaint Form, AD-3027, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html and at any USDA office or

 write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the

 information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint

 form, call (866) 632-9992. Submit your completed form or letter to USDA

 by:

     (1) Mail: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant

 Secretary for Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington,

 DC 20250-9410; (2) fax: (202) 690-7442; or (3) email:

 program.intake@usda.gov

     USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer, and lender.



 Brandon McBride,

 Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-29335 Filed 12-6-16; 8:45 am]

  BILLING CODE 3410-15-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                                5 of 6 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 7, 2016 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Announcement of Grant and Loan Application Deadlines Pages
88205 - 88210 [FR DOC # 2016-29335]

LENGTH: 5865  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Utilities Service Announcement of Grant and
Loan Application Deadlines AGENCY: Rural Utilities Service, USDA. ACTION: Notice
of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA), Revolving Fund Program.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) announces its Revolving Fund Program (RFP)
application window for Fiscal Year (FY) 2017. The RFP is authorized under
section 306(a)(2)(B) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (Con
Act), 7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(2)(B). Under the RFP, qualified private, non-profit
organizations may receive RFP grant funds to establish a lending program for
eligible entities.

Eligible entities for the revolving loan fund will be the same entities
eligible, under paragraph 1 or 2 of Section 306(a) of the Con Act, 7 U.S.C.
1926(a)(1) or (b)(2), to obtain a loan, loan guarantee, or grant from the RUS
Water, Waste Disposal, and Wastewater loan and grant programs. This year
administrative discretion points may be awarded for work plans that: 1. Direct
loans to the smallest communities with the lowest incomes emphasizing areas
where according to the American Community Survey data by census tracts show that
at least 20 percent of the population is living in poverty. 2. Direct loans to
areas that lack running water, flush toilets, and modern sewage disposal
systems, and areas which have open sewers and high rates of disease caused by
poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or Substantially Underserved Trust
Areas. 3. Direct loans that emphasize energy and water efficient components to
reduce costs and increase sustainability of rural systems. DATES: You may submit
completed applications for grants on paper or electronically according to the
following deadlines:  Paper copies must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or

 sent overnight



 [[Page 88206]]



 no later than February 6, 2017 to be eligible for FY 2017 grant

 funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for FY

 2017 grant funding.

      Electronic copies must be received by February 6, 2017 to

 be eligible for FY 2017 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications

 will not be eligible for FY 2017 grant funding.



 ADDRESSES: You may obtain application guides and materials for the RFP

 program at the Water and Environmental Programs (WEP) Web site:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
water-waste-disposal-revolving-loan-funds. You may also request application
guides and materials by

 contacting Lisa Chesnel at (202) 720-0499.

     Submit electronic grant applications at http://www.grants.gov/ and

 follow the instructions on the Web site.

     Submit completed paper applications for RFP grants to, Rural

 Utilities Service, Rural Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture,

 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Room 2234, STOP 1570, Washington, DC

 20250-1570. Applications should be marked Attention: Lisa Chesnel,

 Water and Environmental Programs.



 FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Lisa Chesnel, Community Programs

 Specialist, Water and Environmental Programs, Rural Utilities Service,

 Rural Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture STOP 1570, Room 2234-

 S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570; Telephone:

 (202) 720-0499: Fax: (202) 690-0649.



 SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:



 Overview



     Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service (RUS), USDA.

     Funding Opportunity Title: Grant Program to Establish a Fund for

 Financing Water and Wastewater Projects (Revolving Fund Program (RFP)).

     Announcement Type: Notice of Solicitation of Applications.

     Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.864.

     Due Date for Applications: Applications must be mailed, shipped or

 submitted electronically through Grants.gov no later than February 6,

 2017 to be eligible for FY 2017 grant funding.

     Items in Supplementary Information



     A. Program Description: Brief introduction to the RFP.

     B. Federal Award Information: To be announced.

     C. Eligibility Information: Who is eligible, what kinds of

 projects are eligible, what criteria determine basic eligibility.

     D. Application and Submission Information: Where to get

 application materials, what constitutes a completed application, how

 and where to submit applications, deadlines, items that are

 eligible.

     E. Application Review Information: Considerations and

 preferences, scoring criteria, review standards, selection

 information.

     F. Federal Award Administration Information: Award notice

 information, award recipient reporting requirements.

     G. Federal Awarding Agency Contacts: Web site, phone, fax,

 email, contact name.

     H. Other Information: Non-discrimination Statement.



 A. Program Description



     Drinking water systems are basic and vital to both health and

 economic development. With dependable water facilities, rural

 communities can attract families and businesses that will invest in the

 community and improve the quality of life for all residents. Without

 dependable water facilities, the communities cannot sustain economic

 development.

     RUS provides financial and technical assistance to help communities

 bring safe drinking water and sanitary, environmentally sound waste

 disposal facilities to rural Americans. It supports the sound

 development of rural communities and the growth of our economy without

 endangering the environment.

     The Revolving Fund Program (RFP) was established under 7 U.S.C.

 part 1783 to assist communities with water or wastewater systems.

 Qualified private, non-profit organizations, who are selected for

 funding, will receive RFP grant funds to establish a lending program

 for eligible entities. Eligible entities for the revolving loan fund

 will be those entities eligible under 7 U.S.C.1926(a)(1) and (2) to

 obtain a loan, loan guarantee, or grant from the Water and Waste

 Disposal loan and grant programs administered by RUS. As grant

 recipients, the non-profit organizations will set up a revolving loan

 fund to provide loans to finance predevelopment costs of water or

 wastewater projects, or short-term small capital projects not part of

 the regular operation and maintenance of current water and wastewater

 systems. The amount of financing to an eligible entity shall not exceed

 $100,000.00 and shall be repaid in a term not to exceed 10 years. The

 rate shall be determined in the approved grant work plan.



 B. Federal Award Information



     Available funds: To be announced.



 C. Eligibility Information



     1. Eligible Applicants. An applicant is eligible to apply for the

 RFP grant if it:

     a. Is a private, non-profit organization;

     b. Is legally established and located within one of the following:

     i. A state within the United States;

     ii. The District of Columbia;

     iii. The Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; or

     iv. A United States territory;

     c. Has the legal capacity and authority to carry out the grant

 purpose;

     d. Has a proven record of successfully operating a revolving loan

 fund to rural areas;

     e. Has capitalization acceptable to the Agency, and is composed of

 at least 51 percent of the outstanding interest or membership being

 citizens of the United States or individuals who reside in the United

 States after being legally admitted for permanent residence;

     f. Has no delinquent debt to the Federal government or no

 outstanding judgments to repay a Federal debt;

     g. Demonstrates that it possesses the financial, technical, and

 managerial capability to comply with Federal and state laws and

 requirements; and

     h. Is not a corporation that has been convicted of a felony (or had

 an officer or agent acting on behalf of the corporation convicted of a

 felony) within the past 24 months. Any Corporation that has any unpaid

 Federal tax liability that has been assessed, for which all judicial

 and administrative remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and

 that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with

 the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability is not

 eligible.

     2. Cost Sharing or Matching: Applicants must contribute at least 20

 percent of funds from sources other than the proceeds of an RFP grant

 to pay part of the cost of a loan recipient's project. In-kind

 contribution will not be considered.

     3. Other: What are the basic eligibility requirements for a

 project?

     a. The following activities are authorized under the RFP statute:

     i. Grant funds must be used to capitalize a revolving fund program

 for the purpose of providing direct loan financing to eligible entities

 for pre-development costs associated with proposed or with existing

 water and wastewater systems, or,

     ii. Short-term costs incurred for equipment replacement, small-

 scale extension of services, or other small capital projects that are

 not part of the regular operations and maintenance activities of

 existing water and wastewater systems.



 [[Page 88207]]



     b. Grant funds may not be used to pay any of the following:

     i. Payment of the Grant Recipient's administrative costs or

 expenses, or,

     ii. Delinquent debt owed to the Federal Government.



 D. Application and Submission Information



     1. Address to Request Application Package:

     a. The Internet: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
water-waste-disposal-revolving-loan-funds or Grants.gov Web site:
http://www.grants.gov/.

     b. For paper copies of these materials, you may call (202) 720-

 9583.

     2. Content and Form of Application Submission:

     a. You may file an application in either paper or electronic

 format. To be considered for support, you must be an eligible entity

 and must submit a complete application by the deadline date. Applicants

 should consult the cost principles and general administrative

 requirements for grants pertaining to their organizational type in

 order to prepare the budget and complete other parts of the

 application. You also must demonstrate compliance (or intent to

 comply), through certification or other means, with a number of public

 policy requirements. Applications should be prepared in conformance

 with 7 CFR part 1783, and departmental and other applicable regulations

 including 2 CFR parts 180, 182, 200, 400 and 421, or any successor

 regulations.

     Whether you file a paper or an electronic application, you will

 need a DUNS number and must be registered in the System for Award

 Management (SAM). Detailed information on obtaining a DUNS number and

 registering for SAM may be found in section D(3).

     b. Applicants must complete and submit the following forms to apply

 for a RFP grant:

     i. Standard Form 424, ``Application for Federal Assistance''.

     ii. Standard Form 424A, ``Budget Information--Non-Construction

 Programs''.

     iii. Standard Form 424B, ``Assurances--Non-Construction Programs''.

     iv. Standard Form LLL, ``Disclosure of Lobbying Activity''.

     v. Form RD 400-1, ``Equal Opportunity Agreement''.

     vi. Form RD 400-4, ``Assurance Agreement (Under Title VI, Civil

 Rights Act of 1964).

     c. The project proposal should outline the project in sufficient

 detail to provide a reader with a complete understanding of how the

 loan program will work. Explain what you will accomplish by lending

 funds to eligible entities. Demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed

 loan program in meeting the objectives of this grant program. The

 proposal should cover the following elements:

     i. Present a brief project overview. Explain the purpose of the

 project, how it relates to RUS's purposes, how you will carry out the

 project, what the project will produce, and who will direct it.

     ii. Describe why the project is necessary. Demonstrate that

 eligible entities need loan funds. Quantify the number of prospective

 borrowers or provide statistical or narrative evidence that a

 sufficient number of borrowers will exist to justify the grant award.

 Describe the service area. Address community needs.

     iii. Clearly state your project goals. Your objectives should

 clearly describe the goals and be concrete and specific enough to be

 quantitative or observable. They should also be feasible and relate to

 the purpose of the loan program.

     iv. The narrative should cover in more detail the items briefly

 described in the Project Summary. It should establish the basis for any

 claims that you have substantial expertise in promoting the safe and

 productive use of revolving funds. In describing what the project will

 achieve, you should tell the reader if it also will have broader

 influence. The narrative should address the following points:

     (1) Document your ability to administer and service a revolving

 fund in accordance with the provisions of 7 CFR part 1783.

     (2) Document your ability to commit financial resources to

 establish the RFP with funds your organization controls. This

 documentation should describe the sources of funds other than the RFP

 grant that will be used to pay your operational costs and provide

 financial assistance for projects.

     (3) Demonstrate that you have secured commitments of significant

 financial support from other funding sources, if appropriate.

     (4) List the fees and charges that borrowers will be assessed.

     v. The work plan must describe the tasks and activities that will

 be accomplished with available resources during the grant period. It

 must show the work you plan to do to achieve the anticipated outcomes,

 goals, and objectives set out for the RFP. The plan must:

     (1) Describe the work to be performed by each person.

     (2) Give a schedule or timetable of work to be done.

     (3) Show evidence of previous experience with the techniques to be

 used or their successful use by others.

     (4) Outline the loan program to include the following: specific

 loan purposes, a loan application process, priorities, borrower

 eligibility criteria, limitations, fees, interest rates, terms, and

 collateral requirements.

     (5) Provide a marketing plan.

     (6) Explain the mechanics of how you will transfer loan funds to

 the borrowers.

     (7) Describe follow-up or continuing activities that should occur

 after project completion such as monitoring and reporting borrowers'

 accomplishments.

     (8) Describe how the results will be evaluated. The evaluation

 criteria should be in line with the project objectives.

     (9) List all personnel responsible for administering this program

 along with a statement of their qualifications and experience.

     vi. The written justification for projected costs should explain

 how budget figures were determined for each category. It should

 indicate which costs are to be covered by grant funds and which costs

 will be met by your organization or other organizations. The

 justification should account for all expenditures discussed in the

 narrative. It should reflect appropriate cost-sharing contributions.

 The budget justification should explain the budget and accounting

 system proposed or in place. The administrative costs for operating the

 budget should be expressed as a percentage of the overall budget. The

 budget justification should provide specific budget figures, rounding

 off figures to the nearest dollar. Applicants should consult 2 CFR 200,

 Subpart E, ``Cost Principals,'' for information about appropriate costs

 for each budget category.

     vii. In addition to completing the standard application forms, you

 must submit:

     (1) Supplementary material that demonstrate that your organization

 is legally recognized under state or Tribal and Federal law.

 Satisfactory documentation includes, but is not limited to,

 certificates from the Secretary of State, or copies of state statutes

 or laws establishing your organization. Letters from the IRS awarding

 tax-exempt status are not considered adequate evidence.

     (2) A certified list of directors and officers with their

 respective terms.

     (3) Evidence of tax exempt status from the IRS.



 [[Page 88208]]



     (4) The most recent audit of your organization.

     (5) The following financial statements:

     (a) A pro forma balance sheet at start-up and for at least three

 additional years; Balance sheets, income statements, and cash flow

 statements for the last three years.

     (b) If your organization has been formed less than three years, the

 financial statements should be submitted for the periods from inception

 to the present. Projected income and cash flow statements for at least

 three years supported by a list of assumptions showing the basis for

 the projections. The projected income statement and balance sheet must

 include one set of projections that shows the revolving loan fund only

 and a separate set of projections that shows your organization's total

 operations.

     (6) Additional information to support and describe your plan for

 achieving the grant objectives. The information may be regarded as

 essential for understanding and evaluating the project and may be found

 in letters of support, as resolutions, policies, and other relevant

 documents. The supplements may be presented in appendices to the

 proposal.

     d. Compliance with other federal statutes.

     The applicant must provide evidence of compliance with other

 federal statutes, including but not limited to the following:

     i. Debarment and suspension information is required in accordance

 with 2 CFR part 417 (Nonprocurement Debarment and Suspension)

 supplemented by 2 CFR part 180, if it applies. The section heading is

 ``What information must I provide before entering into a covered

 transaction with the Federal Government?'' located at 2 CFR 180.335. It

 is part of OMB's Guidance for Grants and Agreements concerning

 Government-wide Debarment and Suspension.

     ii. All of your organization's known workplaces by including the

 actual address of buildings (or parts of buildings) or other sites

 where work under the award takes place. Workplace identification is

 required under the drug-free workplace requirements in Subpart B of 2

 CFR part 421, which adopts the Government-wide implementation (2 CFR

 part 182) of the Drug-Free Workplace Act.

     iii. 2 CFR parts 200 and 400 (Uniform Assistance Requirements, Cost

 Principles and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards).

     iv. 2 CFR part 182 (Governmentwide Requirements for Drug-Free

 Workplace (Financial Assistance)) and 2 CFR part 421 (Requirements for

 Drug Free Workplace (Financial Assistance)).

     v. Executive Order 13166, ``Improving Access to Services for

 Persons with Limited English Proficiency.'' For information on limited

 English proficiency and agency-specific guidance, go to http://www.LEP.gov.

     e. Requirements for numbers of copies of submitted applications

     i. Send or deliver paper applications by the U.S. Postal Service

 (USPS) or courier delivery services to: Water and Environmental

 Programs, Rural Utilities Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,

 Attention: Lisa Chesnel, Mail STOP 1570, Room 2233-S, Washington, DC,

 20250-1570.

     ii. For paper applications mail or ensure delivery of an original

 paper application (no stamped, photocopied, or initialed signatures)

 and two copies by the deadline date. The application and any materials

 sent with it become Federal records by law and cannot be returned to

 you.

     iii. Electronically submitted applications:

     (1). Applications will not be accepted by fax or electronic mail.

     (2). Electronic applications for grants will be accepted if

 submitted through Grants.gov.

     (3). Applicants must preregister successfully with Grants.gov to

 use the electronic applications option. Application information may be

 downloaded from Grants.gov without preregistration.

     (4). Applicants who apply through Grants.gov should submit their

 electronic applications before the deadline.

     (5). Grants.gov contains full instructions on all required

 passwords, credentialing, and software. Follow the instructions at

 Grants.gov for registering and submitting an electronic application.

     (6). Grants.gov has two preregistration requirements: A DUNS number

 and an active registration in the SAM. See section D(3) below for

 instructions on obtaining a DUNS number and registering in the SAM.

     3. Unique entity identifier and System for Award Management (SAM).

 The applicant for a grant must supply a Dun and Bradstreet Data

 Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number as part of an application. The

 Standard Form 424 (SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS number. The

 applicant can obtain the DUNS number free of charge by calling Dun and

 Bradstreet. Please see http://fedgov.dnb.com /webform for more

 information on how to obtain a DUNS number or how to verify your

 organization's number.

     In accordance with 2 CFR part 25, whether applying electronically

 or by paper, the applicant must register in the System for Award

 Management (SAM) prior to submitting an application. Applicants may

 register for the SAM at https://www.sam.gov/portal/SAM/#1. The SAM

 registration must remain active with current information at all times

 while RUS is considering an application or while a Federal Grant award

 or loan is active. To remain registered in the SAM database the

 applicant must review and update the information in the SAM database

 annually from date of initial registration or from the date of the last

 update. The applicant must ensure that the information in the database

 is current, accurate, and complete.

     4. Submission Dates and Times. You may submit completed

 applications for grants on paper or electronically according to the

 following deadlines:

     a. Paper copies must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent

 overnight no later than February 6, 2017 to be eligible for FY 2017

 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for

 FY 2017 grant funding.

     b. Electronic copies must be received by February 6, 2017 to be

 eligible for FY 2017 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications

 will not be eligible for FY 2017 grant funding.

     5. Funding Restrictions. Grant proceeds may be used solely to

 establish the revolving loan fund to provide loans to eligible entities

 for: Pre-development costs associated with proposed or existing water

 and wastewater projects, and short-term costs incurred for replacement

 equipment or other small capital projects not part of regular

 operations and maintenance of existing water and wastewater systems.

 Grant recipients may not use grant funds in any manner inconsistent

 with the purposes described in 7 CFR 1783.12 or in the terms of the

 grant agreement. Administrative expenses may, however, be paid or

 reimbursed from revolving loan fund assets that are not RFP grant

 funds, including revolved funds and case originally contributed by the

 grant recipient.



 E. Application Review Information



     Within 30 days of receiving your application, RUS will send you a

 letter of acknowledgment. Your application will be reviewed for

 completeness to determine if you included all of the items required. If

 your application is incomplete or ineligible, RUS will return it to you

 with an explanation. A review team, composed of at least two



 [[Page 88209]]



 RUS staff members, will evaluate all applications and proposals. They

 will make overall recommendations based on factors such as eligibility,

 application completeness, and conformity to application requirements.

 They will score the applications based on criteria in the following

 section.

     1. Criteria. All applications that are complete and eligible will

 be ranked competitively based on the following scoring criteria:

     a. Degree of expertise and successful experience in making and

 servicing commercial loans, with a successful record, for the following

 number of full years:

     i. At least 1 but less than 3 years--5 points.

     ii. At least 3 but less than 5 years--10 points.

     iii. At least 5 but less than 10 years--20 points.

     iv. 10 or more years--30 points.

     b. Extent to which the work plan demonstrates a well thought out,

 comprehensive approach to accomplishing the objectives of this part,

 clearly defines who will be served by the project, clearly articulates

 the problem/issues to be addressed, identifies the service area to be

 covered by the RFP loans and appears likely to be sustainable; Up to 40

 points.

     c. Percentage of applicant contributions. Points allowed under this

 paragraph will be based on written evidence of the availability of

 funds from sources other than the proceeds of an RFP grant to pay part

 of the cost of a loan recipient's project. In-kind contributions will

 not be considered. Funds from other sources as a percentage of the RFP

 grant and points corresponding to such percentages are as follows:

     i. Less than 20 percent--ineligible.

     ii. At least 20 percent but less than 50 percent--10 points.

     iii. 50 percent or more--20 points.

     d. Extent to which the goals and objectives are clearly defined,

 tied to the work plan, and are measurable; Up to 15 points.

     e. Lowest ratio of projected administrative expenses to loans

 advanced; Up to 10 points.

     f. The evaluation methods for considering loan applications and

 making RFP loans are specific to the program, clearly defined,

 measurable, and are consistent with program outcomes; Up to 20 points.

     g. Administrator's discretion points up to 10 points may be

 awarded. To the maximum extent possible, there should be an emphasis on

 high poverty areas in rural communities and rural areas with the lowest

 incomes, particularly those areas where at least 45 percent of children

 qualify for the National School Lunch Program.

     Factors include:

     i. Directs loans to the smallest communities with the lowest

 incomes emphasizing areas where according to the American Community

 Survey data by census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the

 population is living in poverty.

     ii. Directs loans to areas which lack running water, flush toilets,

 and modern sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers

 and high rates of disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular,

 colonias or Substantially Underserved Trust Areas.

     iii. Directs loans that emphasize energy and water efficient

 components to reduce costs and increase sustainability of rural

 systems.

     2. Review and Selection Process. RUS will rank all qualifying

 applications by their final score. Applications will be selected for

 funding, based on the highest scores and the availability of funding

 for RFP grants. Each applicant will be notified in writing of the score

 its application receives.

     a. In making its decision about your application, RUS may determine

 that your application is:

     i. Eligible and selected for funding,

     ii. Eligible but offered fewer funds than requested,

     iii. Eligible but not selected for funding, or

     iv. Ineligible for the grant.

     c. In accordance with 7 CFR part 1900, subpart B, you generally

 have the right to appeal adverse decisions. Some adverse decisions

 cannot be appealed. For example, if you are denied RUS funding due to a

 lack of funds available for the grant program, this decision cannot be

 appealed. However, you may make a request to the National Appeals

 Division (NAD) to review the accuracy of our finding that the decision

 cannot be appealed. The appeal must be in writing and filed at the

 appropriate regional office, which can be found at www.nad.usda.gov or

 by calling (703) 305-1166.



 F. Federal Award Administration Information



     1. Federal Award Notices. RUS generally notifies by mail applicants

 whose projects are selected for awards. However, the receipt of an

 award letter does not serve to authorize the applicant to commence

 performance under the award. RUS follows the award letter with an

 agreement containing terms and conditions for the grant. Applicants

 selected for funding will complete and return grant agreement, which

 outlines the terms and conditions of the grant award.

     2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements. The items

 listed in Section D of this notice, the RFP program regulation and

 departmental and other regulations including 2 CFR parts 180, 182, 200,

 400, 421 and any successor regulations implement the appropriate

 administrative and national policy requirements, which include but are

 not limited to:

     a. SF-270, ``Request for Advance or Reimbursement,'' will be

 completed by the Non-Federal Entity and submitted to either the state

 or national office no more frequently than monthly.

     b. Upon receipt of a properly completed SF-270, the funds will be

 requested through the field office terminal system. Ordinarily, payment

 will be made within 30 days after receipt of a proper request for

 reimbursement.

     c. Non-Federal Entities may use women- and minority-owned banks (a

 bank which is owned at least 50 percent by women or minority group

 members) for the deposit and disbursement of funds.

     3. Reporting. a. Any change in the scope of the project, budget

 adjustments of more than 10 percent of the total budget, or any other

 significant change in the project must be reported to and approved by

 the approval official by written amendment to the grant agreement. Any

 change not approved may be cause for termination of the grant.

     b. Non-Federal Entities shall constantly monitor performance to

 ensure that time schedules are being met, projected work by time

 periods is being accomplished, and other performance objectives are

 being achieved. The Non-Federal Entity will provide project reports as

 follows:

     i. SF-425, ``Financial Status Report (short form),'' and a project

 performance activity report will be required of all Non-Federal

 Entities on a quarterly basis, due 30 days after the end of each

 quarter.

     ii. A final project performance report will be required with the

 last SF-425 due 90 days after the end of the last quarter in which the

 project is completed. The final report may serve as the last quarterly

 report.

     iii. All multi-State Non-Federal Entities are to submit an original

 of each report to the National Office. Non-Federal Entities serving

 only one State are to submit an original of each report to the State

 Office. The project performance reports should detail, preferably in a

 narrative format,



 [[Page 88210]]



 activities that have transpired for the specific time period.

     c. Financial reporting. The Non-Federal Entity will provide an

 audit report or financial statements as follows:

     i. Non-Federal Entities expending $750,000 or more Federal funds

 per fiscal year will submit an audit conducted in accordance with 2 CFR

 part 200 The audit will be submitted within nine months after the Non-

 Federal Entity's fiscal year. Additional audits may be required if the

 project period covers more than one fiscal year.

     ii. Non-Federal Entities expending less than $750,000 will provide

 annual financial statements covering the grant period, consisting of

 the organization's statement of income and expense and balance sheet

 signed by an appropriate official of the organization. Financial

 statements will be submitted within 90 days after the Non-Federal

 Entity's fiscal year.

     iii. Recipient and Subrecipient Reporting. The applicant must have

 the necessary processes and systems in place to comply with the

 reporting requirements for first-tier sub-awards and executive

 compensation under the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency

 Act of 2006 in the event the applicant receives funding unless such

 applicant is exempt from such reporting requirements pursuant to 2 CFR

 part 170, Sec.  170.110(b). The reporting requirements under the

 Transparency Act pursuant to 2 CFR part 170 are as follows:

     (1) First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more in non-Recovery Act

 funds (unless they are exempt under 2 CFR part 170) must be reported by

 the Recipient to http://www.fsrs.gov no later than the end of the month

 following the month the obligation was made.

     (2) The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (five most

 highly compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient (if

 the Recipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to
https://www.sam.gov/portal/SAM/#1 by the end of the month following the month

 in which the award was made.

     (3) The Total Compensation of the Subrecipient's Executives (five

 most highly compensated executives) must be reported by the

 Subrecipient (if the Subrecipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part

 170) to the Recipient by the end of the month following the month in

 which the subaward was made.



 G. Federal Awarding Agency Contacts



     1. Web site: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
water-waste-disposal-revolving-loan-funds. The RUS Web site maintains up-to-date


 resources and contact information for the RFP.

     2. Phone: (202) 720-9640.

     3. Fax: (202) 690-0649.

     4. Email: lisa.chesnel@wdc.usda.gov

     5. Main point of contact: Lisa Chesnel, Community Programs

 Specialist, Water and Environmental Programs, Rural Utilities Service,

 Rural Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture.



 H. Other Information



     1. USDA Non-Discrimination Statement. In accordance with Federal

 civil rights law and U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) civil rights

 regulations and policies, the USDA, its Agencies, offices, and

 employees, and institutions participating in or administering USDA

 programs are prohibited from discriminating based on race, color,

 national origin, religion, sex, gender identity (including gender

 expression), sexual orientation, disability, age, marital status,

 family/parental status, income derived from a public assistance

 program, political beliefs, or reprisal or retaliation for prior civil

 rights activity, in any program or activity conducted or funded by USDA

 (not all bases apply to all programs). Remedies and complaint filing

 deadlines vary by program or incident.

     Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of

 communication for program information (e.g., Braille, large print,

 audiotape, American Sign Language, etc.) should contact the responsible

 Agency or USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TTY) or

 contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339.

 Additionally, program information may be made available in languages

 other than English.

     To file a program discrimination complaint, complete the USDA

 Program Discrimination Complaint Form, AD-3027, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html and at any USDA office or

 write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the

 information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint

 form, call (866) 632-9992. Submit your completed form or letter to USDA

 by:

     (1) Mail: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant

 Secretary for Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington,

 DC 20250-9410; (2) fax: (202) 690-7442; or (3) email:

 program.intake@usda.gov

     USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer, and lender.



 Brandon McBride,

 Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-29335 Filed 12-6-16; 8:45 am]

  BILLING CODE 3410-15-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                                6 of 6 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Announcement of Grant and Loan Application Deadlines

LENGTH: 5903  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



   DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Utilities Service Announcement of Grant and
Loan Application Deadlines AGENCY: Rural Utilities Service, USDA. ACTION: Notice
of Funding Availability (NOFA), Revolving Fund Program.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) announces its Revolving Fund Program (RFP)
application window for Fiscal Year (FY) 2016. The RFP is authorized under
section 306(a)(2)(B) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (Con
Act), 7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(2)(B). Under the RFP, qualified private, non-profit
organizations may receive RFP grant funds to establish a lending program for
eligible entities.

Eligible entities for the revolving loan fund will be the same entities
eligible, under paragraph 1 or 2 of Section 306(a) of the Con Act, 7 U.S.C.
1926(a)(1) or (b)(2), to obtain a loan, loan guarantee, or grant from the RUS
Water, Waste Disposal, and Wastewater loan and grant programs. This year
administrative discretion points may be awarded for work plans that: 1. Direct
loans to the smallest communities with the lowest incomes emphasizing areas
where according to the American Community Survey data by census tracts show that
at least 20 percent of the population is living in poverty. This emphasis will
support Rural Development's goal of providing 20 percent of its funding by 2016
to these areas of need. 2. Direct loans to areas that lack running water, flush
toilets, and modern sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers
and high rates of disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular, colonias or
Substantially Underserved Trust Areas. 3. Direct loans that emphasize energy and
water efficient components to reduce costs and increase sustainability of rural
systems. DATES: You may submit completed applications for grants on paper or
electronically according to the following deadlines:  Paper copies must be
postmarked and mailed, shipped, or

 sent overnight no later than May 31, 2016 to be eligible for FY 2016

 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for

 FY 2016 grant funding.

      Electronic copies must be received by May 31, 2016 to be

 eligible for FY 2016 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications

 will not be eligible for FY 2016 grant funding.



 ADDRESSES: You may obtain application guides and materials for the RFP

 program at the Water and Environmental Programs (WEP) Web site:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
water-waste-disposal-revolving-loan-funds. You may also request application
guides and materials by

 contacting Lisa Chesnel at (202) 720-0499.

     Submit electronic grant applications at http://www.grants.gov/ and

 follow the instructions on the Web site.



 [[Page 18567]]



     Submit completed paper applications for RFP grants to, Rural

 Utilities Service, Rural Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture,

 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Room 2234, STOP 1570, Washington, DC

 20250-1570. Applications should be marked Attention: Lisa Chesnel,

 Water and Environmental Programs.



 FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Lisa Chesnel, Community Programs

 Specialist, Water and Environmental Programs, Rural Utilities Service,

 Rural Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture STOP 1570, Room 2234-

 S, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1570; Telephone:

 (202) 720-0499: Fax: (202) 690-0649.



 SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:



 Overview



     Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service (RUS), USDA.

     Funding Opportunity Title: Grant Program to Establish a Fund for

 Financing Water and Wastewater Projects (Revolving Fund Program (RFP)).

     Announcement Type: Notice of Funding Availability.

     Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.864.

     Due Date for Applications: Applications must be mailed, shipped or

 submitted electronically through Grants.gov no later than May 31, 2016

 to be eligible for FY 2016 grant funding.



 Items in Supplementary Information



     A. Program Description: Brief introduction to the RFP.

     B. Federal Award Information: $1,000,000.00.

     C. Eligibility Information: Who is eligible, what kinds of

 projects are eligible, what criteria determine basic eligibility.

     D. Application and Submission Information: Where to get

 application materials, what constitutes a completed application, how

 and where to submit applications, deadlines, items that are

 eligible.

     E. Application Review Information: Considerations and

 preferences, scoring criteria, review standards, selection

 information.

     F. Federal Award Administration Information: Award notice

 information, award recipient reporting requirements.

     G. Federal Awarding Agency Contacts: Web site, phone, fax,

 email, contact name.

     H. Other Information: Non-discrimination Statement.



 A. Program Description



     Drinking water systems are basic and vital to both health and

 economic development. With dependable water facilities, rural

 communities can attract families and businesses that will invest in the

 community and improve the quality of life for all residents. Without

 dependable water facilities, the communities cannot sustain economic

 development.

     RUS provides financial and technical assistance to help communities

 bring safe drinking water and sanitary, environmentally sound waste

 disposal facilities to rural Americans. It supports the sound

 development of rural communities and the growth of our economy without

 endangering the environment.

     The Revolving Fund Program (RFP) was established under 7 U.S.C.

 part 1783 to assist communities with water or wastewater systems.

 Qualified private, non-profit organizations, who are selected for

 funding, will receive RFP grant funds to establish a lending program

 for eligible entities. Eligible entities for the revolving loan fund

 will be those entities eligible under 7 U.S.C. 1926(a)(1) and (2) to

 obtain a loan, loan guarantee, or grant from the Water and Waste

 Disposal loan and grant programs administered by RUS. As grant

 recipients, the non-profit organizations will set up a revolving loan

 fund to provide loans to finance predevelopment costs of water or

 wastewater projects, or short-term small capital projects not part of

 the regular operation and maintenance of current water and wastewater

 systems. The amount of financing to an eligible entity shall not exceed

 $100,000.00 and shall be repaid in a term not to exceed 10 years. The

 rate shall be determined in the approved grant work plan.



 B. Federal Award Information



     Available funds: $1,000,000.



 C. Eligibility Information



 1. Eligible Applicants



     An applicant is eligible to apply for the RFP grant if it:

     a. Is a private, non-profit organization;

     b. Is legally established and located within one of the following:

     i. A state within the United States;

     ii. The District of Columbia;

     iii. The Commonwealth of Puerto Rico; or

     iv. A United States territory;

     c. Has the legal capacity and authority to carry out the grant

 purpose;

     d. Has a proven record of successfully operating a revolving loan

 fund to rural areas;

     e. Has capitalization acceptable to the Agency, and is composed of

 at least 51 percent of the outstanding interest or membership being

 citizens of the United States or individuals who reside in the United

 States after being legally admitted for permanent residence;

     f. Has no delinquent debt to the Federal government or no

 outstanding judgments to repay a Federal debt;

     g. Demonstrates that it possesses the financial, technical, and

 managerial capability to comply with Federal and state laws and

 requirements; and

     h. Is not a corporation that has been convicted of a felony (or had

 an officer or agent acting on behalf of the corporation convicted of a

 felony) within the past 24 months. Any Corporation that has any unpaid

 Federal tax liability that has been assessed, for which all judicial

 and administrative remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and

 that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with

 the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability is not

 eligible.



 2. Cost Sharing or Matching



     Applicants must contribute at least 20 percent of funds from

 sources other than the proceeds of an RFP grant to pay part of the cost

 of a loan recipient's project. In-kind contribution will not be

 considered.



 3. Other: What are the basic eligibility requirements for a project?



     a. The following activities are authorized under the RFP statute:

     i. Grant funds must be used to capitalize a revolving fund program

 for the purpose of providing direct loan financing to eligible entities

 for pre-development costs associated with proposed or with existing

 water and wastewater systems, or,

     ii. Short-term costs incurred for equipment replacement, small-

 scale extension of services, or other small capital projects that are

 not part of the regular operations and maintenance activities of

 existing water and wastewater systems.

     b. Grant funds may not be used to pay any of the following:

     i. Payment of the Grant Recipient's administrative costs or

 expenses, or,

     ii. Delinquent debt owed to the Federal Government.



 D. Application and Submission Information



 1. Address To Request Application Package



     a. The Internet: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
water-waste-disposal-revolving-loan-funds or Grants.gov Web site:
http://www.grants.gov/.

     b. For paper copies of these materials, you may call (202) 720-

 9583.



 [[Page 18568]]



 2. Content and Form of Application Submission



     a. You may file an application in either paper or electronic

 format. To be considered for support, you must be an eligible entity

 and must submit a complete application by the deadline date. You should

 consult the cost principles and general administrative requirements for

 grants pertaining to their organizational type in order to prepare the

 budget and complete other parts of the application. You also must

 demonstrate compliance (or intent to comply), through certification or

 other means, with a number of public policy requirements. Applications

 should be prepared in conformance with 7 CFR part 1783, and

 departmental and other applicable regulations including 2 CFR parts

 180, 182, 200, 400 and 421, or any successor regulations.

     Whether you file a paper or an electronic application, you will

 need a DUNS number and must be registered in the System for Award

 Management (SAM). Detailed information on obtaining a DUNS number and

 registering for SAM may be found in section D(3).

     b. Applicants must complete and submit the following forms to apply

 for a RFP grant:

     i. Standard Form 424, ``Application for Federal Assistance''.

     ii. Standard Form 424A, ``Budget Information--Non-Construction

 Programs''.

     iii. Standard Form 424B, ``Assurances--Non-Construction Programs''.

     iv. Standard Form LLL, ``Disclosure of Lobbying Activity''.

     v. Form RD 400-1, ``Equal Opportunity Agreement''.

     vi. Form RD 400-4, ``Assurance Agreement (Under Title VI, Civil

 Rights Act of 1964).

     c. The project proposal should outline the project in sufficient

 detail to provide a reader with a complete understanding of how the

 loan program will work. Explain what you will accomplish by lending

 funds to eligible entities. Demonstrate the feasibility of the proposed

 loan program in meeting the objectives of this grant program. The

 proposal should cover the following elements:

     i. Present a brief project overview. Explain the purpose of the

 project, how it relates to RUS's purposes, how you will carry out the

 project, what the project will produce, and who will direct it.

     ii. Describe why the project is necessary. Demonstrate that

 eligible entities need loan funds. Quantify the number of prospective

 borrowers or provide statistical or narrative evidence that a

 sufficient number of borrowers will exist to justify the grant award.

 Describe the service area. Address community needs.

     iii. Clearly state your project goals. Your objectives should

 clearly describe the goals and be concrete and specific enough to be

 quantitative or observable. They should also be feasible and relate to

 the purpose of the loan program.

     iv. The narrative should cover in more detail the items briefly

 described in the Project Summary. It should establish the basis for any

 claims that you have substantial expertise in promoting the safe and

 productive use of revolving funds. In describing what the project will

 achieve, you should tell the reader if it also will have broader

 influence. The narrative should address the following points:

     (1) Document your ability to administer and service a revolving

 fund in accordance with the provisions of 7 CFR part 1783.

     (2) Document your ability to commit financial resources to

 establish the RFP with funds your organization controls. This

 documentation should describe the sources of funds other than the RFP

 grant that will be used to pay your operational costs and provide

 financial assistance for projects.

     (3) Demonstrate that you have secured commitments of significant

 financial support from other funding sources, if appropriate.

     (4) List the fees and charges that borrowers will be assessed.

     v. The work plan must describe the tasks and activities that will

 be accomplished with available resources during the grant period. It

 must show the work you plan to do to achieve the anticipated outcomes,

 goals, and objectives set out for the RFP. The plan must:

     (1) Describe the work to be performed by each person.

     (2) Give a schedule or timetable of work to be done.

     (3) Show evidence of previous experience with the techniques to be

 used or their successful use by others.

     (4) Outline the loan program to include the following: Specific

 loan purposes, a loan application process, priorities, borrower

 eligibility criteria, limitations, fees, interest rates, terms, and

 collateral requirements.

     (5) Provide a marketing plan.

     (6) Explain the mechanics of how you will transfer loan funds to

 the borrowers.

     (7) Describe follow-up or continuing activities that should occur

 after project completion such as monitoring and reporting borrowers'

 accomplishments.

     (8) Describe how the results will be evaluated. The evaluation

 criteria should be in line with the project objectives.

     (9) List all personnel responsible for administering this program

 along with a statement of their qualifications and experience.

     vi. The written justification for projected costs should explain

 how budget figures were determined for each category. It should

 indicate which costs are to be covered by grant funds and which costs

 will be met by your organization or other organizations. The

 justification should account for all expenditures discussed in the

 narrative. It should reflect appropriate cost-sharing contributions.

 The budget justification should explain the budget and accounting

 system proposed or in place. The administrative costs for operating the

 budget should be expressed as a percentage of the overall budget. The

 budget justification should provide specific budget figures, rounding

 off figures to the nearest dollar. Applicants should consult 2 CFR 200,

 Subpart E, ``Cost Principals,'' for information about appropriate costs

 for each budget category.

     vii. In addition to completing the standard application forms, you

 must submit:

     (1) Supplementary material that demonstrate that your organization

 is legally recognized under state or Tribal and Federal law.

 Satisfactory documentation includes, but is not limited to,

 certificates from the Secretary of State, or copies of state statutes

 or laws establishing your organization. Letters from the IRS awarding

 tax-exempt status are not considered adequate evidence.

     (2) A certified list of directors and officers with their

 respective terms.

     (3) Evidence of tax exempt status from the IRS.

     (4) The most recent audit of your organization.

     (5) The following financial statements:

     (a) A pro forma balance sheet at start-up and for at least three

 additional years; Balance sheets, income statements, and cash flow

 statements for the last three years.

     (b) If your organization has been formed less than three years, the

 financial statements should be submitted for the periods from inception

 to the present. Projected income and cash flow statements for at least

 three years supported by a list of assumptions showing the basis for

 the projections. The projected income



 [[Page 18569]]



 statement and balance sheet must include one set of projections that

 shows the revolving loan fund only and a separate set of projections

 that shows your organization's total operations.

     (6) Additional information to support and describe your plan for

 achieving the grant objectives. The information may be regarded as

 essential for understanding and evaluating the project and may be found

 in letters of support, as resolutions, policies, and other relevant

 documents. The supplements may be presented in appendices to the

 proposal.

     d. Compliance with other federal statutes:

     The applicant must provide evidence of compliance with other

 federal statutes, including but not limited to the following:

     i. Debarment and suspension information is required in accordance

 with 2 CFR part 417 (Nonprocurement Debarment and Suspension)

 supplemented by 2 CFR part 180, if it applies. The section heading is

 ``What information must I provide before entering into a covered

 transaction with the Federal Government?'' located at 2 CFR 180.335. It

 is part of OMB's Guidance for Grants and Agreements concerning

 Government-wide Debarment and Suspension.

     ii. All of your organization's known workplaces by including the

 actual address of buildings (or parts of buildings) or other sites

 where work under the award takes place. Workplace identification is

 required under the drug-free workplace requirements in Subpart B of 2

 CFR part 421, which adopts the Government-wide implementation (2 CFR

 part 182) of the Drug-Free Workplace Act.

     iii. 2 CFR parts 200 and 400 (Uniform Assistance Requirements, Cost

 Principles and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards).

     iv. 2 CFR part 182 (Governmentwide Requirements for Drug-Free

 Workplace (Financial Assistance)) and 2 CFR part 421 (Requirements for

 Drug Free Workplace (Financial Assistance)).

     v. Executive Order 13166, ``Improving Access to Services for

 Persons with Limited English Proficiency.'' For information on limited

 English proficiency and agency-specific guidance, go to http://www.LEP.gov.

     e. Requirements for numbers of copies of submitted applications:

     i. Send or deliver paper applications by the U.S. Postal Service

 (USPS) or courier delivery services to: Water and Environmental

 Programs, Rural Utilities Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,

 Attention: Lisa Chesnel, Mail STOP 1570, Room 2233-S, Washington, DC,

 20250-1570.

     ii. For paper applications mail or ensure delivery of an original

 paper application (no stamped, photocopied, or initialed signatures)

 and two copies by the deadline date. The application and any materials

 sent with it become Federal records by law and cannot be returned to

 you.

     iii. Electronically submitted applications:

     (1). Applications will not be accepted by fax or electronic mail.

     (2). Electronic applications for grants will be accepted if

 submitted through Grants.gov.

     (3). Applicants must preregister successfully with Grants.gov to

 use the electronic applications option. Application information may be

 downloaded from Grants.gov without preregistration.

     (4). Applicants who apply through Grants.gov should submit their

 electronic applications before the deadline.

     (5). Grants.gov contains full instructions on all required

 passwords, credentialing, and software. Follow the instructions at

 Grants.gov for registering and submitting an electronic application.

     (6). Grants.gov has two preregistration requirements: A DUNS number

 and an active registration in the SAM. See section D(3) below for

 instructions on obtaining a DUNS number and registering in the SAM.



 3. Unique Entity Identifier and System for Award Management (SAM)



     The applicant for a grant must supply a Dun and Bradstreet Data

 Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number as part of an application. The

 Standard Form 424 (SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS number. The

 applicant can obtain the DUNS number free of charge by calling Dun and

 Bradstreet. Please see http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform for more

 information on how to obtain a DUNS number or how to verify your

 organization's number.

     In accordance with 2 CFR part 25, whether applying electronically

 or by paper, the applicant must register in the System for Award

 Management (SAM) prior to submitting an application. Applicants may

 register for the SAM at https://www.sam.gov/portal/SAM/#1. The SAM

 registration must remain active with current information at all times

 while RUS is considering an application or while a Federal Grant award

 or loan is active. To remain registered in the SAM database the

 applicant must review and update the information in the SAM database

 annually from date of initial registration or from the date of the last

 update. The applicant must ensure that the information in the database

 is current, accurate, and complete.



 4. Submission Dates and Times



     You may submit completed applications for grants on paper or

 electronically according to the following deadlines:

     a. Paper copies must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent

 overnight no later than May 31, 2016 to be eligible for FY 2016 grant

 funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for FY

 2016 grant funding.

     b. Electronic copies must be received by May 31, 2016 to be

 eligible for FY 2016 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications

 will not be eligible for FY 2016 grant funding.



 5. Funding Restrictions



     Grant proceeds may be used solely to establish the revolving loan

 fund to provide loans to eligible entities for: Pre-development costs

 associated with proposed or existing water and wastewater projects, and

 short-term costs incurred for replacement equipment or other small

 capital projects not part of regular operations and maintenance of

 existing water and wastewater systems. Grant recipients may not use

 grant funds in any manner inconsistent with the purposes described in 7

 CFR 1783.12 or in the terms of the grant agreement. Administrative

 expenses may, however, be paid or reimbursed from revolving loan fund

 assets that are not RFP grant funds, including revolved funds and case

 originally contributed by the grant recipient.



 E. Application Review Information



     Within 30 days of receiving your application, RUS will send you a

 letter of acknowledgment. Your application will be reviewed for

 completeness to determine if you included all of the items required. If

 your application is incomplete or ineligible, RUS will return it to you

 with an explanation. A review team, composed of at least two RUS staff

 members, will evaluate all applications and proposals. They will make

 overall recommendations based on factors such as eligibility,

 application completeness, and conformity to application requirements.

 They will score the applications based on criteria in the following

 section.



 1. Criteria



     All applications that are complete and eligible will be ranked

 competitively based on the following scoring criteria:



 [[Page 18570]]



     a. Degree of expertise and successful experience in making and

 servicing commercial loans, with a successful record, for the following

 number of full years:

     i. At least 1 but less than 3 years--5 points.

     ii. At least 3 but less than 5 years--10 points.

     iii. At least 5 but less than 10 years--20 points.

     iv. 10 or more years--30 points.

     b. Extent to which the work plan demonstrates a well thought out,

 comprehensive approach to accomplishing the objectives of this part,

 clearly defines who will be served by the project, clearly articulates

 the problem/issues to be addressed, identifies the service area to be

 covered by the RFP loans and appears likely to be sustainable; Up to 40

 points.

     c. Percentage of applicant contributions. Points allowed under this

 paragraph will be based on written evidence of the availability of

 funds from sources other than the proceeds of an RFP grant to pay part

 of the cost of a loan recipient's project. In-kind contributions will

 not be considered. Funds from other sources as a percentage of the RFP

 grant and points corresponding to such percentages are as follows:

     i. Less than 20 percent--ineligible.

     ii. At least 20 percent but less than 50 percent--10 points.

     iii. 50 percent or more--20 points.

     d. Extent to which the goals and objectives are clearly defined,

 tied to the work plan, and are measurable; Up to 15 points.

     e. Lowest ratio of projected administrative expenses to loans

 advanced; Up to 10 points.

     f. The evaluation methods for considering loan applications and

 making RFP loans are specific to the program, clearly defined,

 measurable, and are consistent with program outcomes; Up to 20 points.

     g. Administrator's discretion points up to 10 points may be

 awarded.

     To the maximum extent possible, there should be an emphasis on high

 poverty areas in rural communities and rural areas with the lowest

 incomes, particularly those areas where at least 45 percent of children

 qualify for the National School Lunch Program. This emphasis will

 support Rural Development's goal of providing 20 percent of its funding

 by 2016 to these areas of need.

     Factors include:

     i. Directs loans to the smallest communities with the lowest

 incomes emphasizing areas where according to the American Community

 Survey data by census tracts show that at least 20 percent of the

 population is living in poverty.

     ii. Directs loans to areas which lack running water, flush toilets,

 and modern sewage disposal systems, and areas which have open sewers

 and high rates of disease caused by poor sanitation, in particular,

 colonias or Substantially Underserved Trust Areas.

     iii. Directs loans that emphasize energy and water efficient

 components to reduce costs and increase sustainability of rural

 systems.



 2. Review and Selection Process



     RUS will rank all qualifying applications by their final score.

 Applications will be selected for funding, based on the highest scores

 and the availability of funding for RFP grants. Each applicant will be

 notified in writing of the score its application receives.

     a. In making its decision about your application, RUS may determine

 that your application is:

     i. Eligible and selected for funding,

     ii. Eligible but offered fewer funds than requested,

     iii. Eligible but not selected for funding, or

     iv. Ineligible for the grant.

     b. In accordance with 7 CFR part 1900, subpart B, you generally

 have the right to appeal adverse decisions. Some adverse decisions

 cannot be appealed. For example, if you are denied RUS funding due to a

 lack of funds available for the grant program, this decision cannot be

 appealed. However, you may make a request to the National Appeals

 Division (NAD) to review the accuracy of our finding that the decision

 cannot be appealed. The appeal must be in writing and filed at the

 appropriate regional office, which can be found at www.nad.usda.gov or

 by calling (703) 305-1166.



 F. Federal Award Administration Information



 1. Federal Award Notices



     RUS generally notifies by mail applicants whose projects are

 selected for awards. However, the receipt of an award letter does not

 serve to authorize the applicant to commence performance under the

 award. RUS follows the award letter with an agreement containing terms

 and conditions for the grant. Applicants selected for funding will

 complete and return grant agreement, which outlines the terms and

 conditions of the grant award.



 2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements



     The items listed in Section D of this notice, the RFP program

 regulation and departmental and other regulations including 2 CFR parts

 180, 182, 200, 400, 421 and any successor regulations implement the

 appropriate administrative and national policy requirements, which

 include but are not limited to:

     a. SF-270, ``Request for Advance or Reimbursement,'' will be

 completed by the Non-Federal Entity and submitted to either the state

 or national office no more frequently than monthly.

     b. Upon receipt of a properly completed SF-270, the funds will be

 requested through the field office terminal system. Ordinarily, payment

 will be made within 30 days after receipt of a proper request for

 reimbursement.

     c. Non-Federal Entities may use women- and minority-owned banks (a

 bank which is owned at least 50 percent by women or minority group

 members) for the deposit and disbursement of funds.



 3. Reporting



     a. Any change in the scope of the project, budget adjustments of

 more than 10 percent of the total budget, or any other significant

 change in the project must be reported to and approved by the approval

 official by written amendment to the grant agreement. Any change not

 approved may be cause for termination of the grant.

     b. Non-Federal Entities shall constantly monitor performance to

 ensure that time schedules are being met, projected work by time

 periods is being accomplished, and other performance objectives are

 being achieved. The Non-Federal Entity will provide project reports as

 follows:

     i. SF-425, ``Financial Status Report (short form),'' and a project

 performance activity report will be required of all Non-Federal

 Entities on a quarterly basis, due 30 days after the end of each

 quarter.

     ii. A final project performance report will be required with the

 last SF-425 due 90 days after the end of the last quarter in which the

 project is completed. The final report may serve as the last quarterly

 report.

     iii. All multi-State Non-Federal Entities are to submit an original

 of each report to the National Office. Non-Federal Entities serving

 only one State are to submit an original of each report to the State

 Office. The project performance reports should detail,



 [[Page 18571]]



 preferably in a narrative format, activities that have transpired for

 the specific time period.

     c. Financial reporting. The Non-Federal Entity will provide an

 audit report or financial statements as follows:

     i. Non-Federal Entities expending $750,000 or more Federal funds

 per fiscal year will submit an audit conducted in accordance with 2 CFR

 part 200 The audit will be submitted within nine months after the Non-

 Federal Entity's fiscal year. Additional audits may be required if the

 project period covers more than one fiscal year.

     ii. Non-Federal Entities expending less than $750,000 will provide

 annual financial statements covering the grant period, consisting of

 the organization's statement of income and expense and balance sheet

 signed by an appropriate official of the organization. Financial

 statements will be submitted within 90 days after the Non-Federal

 Entity's fiscal year.

     iii. Recipient and Subrecipient Reporting. The applicant must have

 the necessary processes and systems in place to comply with the

 reporting requirements for first-tier sub-awards and executive

 compensation under the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency

 Act of 2006 in the event the applicant receives funding unless such

 applicant is exempt from such reporting requirements pursuant to 2 CFR

 part 170, Sec.  170.110(b). The reporting requirements under the

 Transparency Act pursuant to 2 CFR part 170 are as follows:

     (1) First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more in non-Recovery Act

 funds (unless they are exempt under 2 CFR part 170) must be reported by

 the Recipient to http://www.fsrs.gov no later than the end of the month

 following the month the obligation was made.

     (2) The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (five most

 highly compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient (if

 the Recipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to
https://www.sam.gov/portal/SAM/#1 by the end of the month following the month

 in which the award was made.

     (3) The Total Compensation of the Subrecipient's Executives (five

 most highly compensated executives) must be reported by the

 Subrecipient (if the Subrecipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part

 170) to the Recipient by the end of the month following the month in

 which the subaward was made.



 G. Federal Awarding Agency Contacts



     1. Web site: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
water-waste-disposal-revolving-loan-funds. The RUS Web site maintains up-to-date


 resources and contact information for the RFP.

     2. Phone: (202) 720-9640.

     3. Fax: (202) 690-0649.

     4. Email: lisa.chesnel@wdc.usda.gov

     5. Main point of contact: Lisa Chesnel, Community Programs

 Specialist, Water and Environmental Programs, Rural Utilities Service,

 Rural Development, U.S. Department of Agriculture.



 H. Other Information



 1. USDA Non-Discrimination Statement



     In accordance with Federal civil rights law and U.S. Department of

 Agriculture (USDA) civil rights regulations and policies, the USDA, its

 Agencies, offices, and employees, and institutions participating in or

 administering USDA programs are prohibited from discriminating based on

 race, color, national origin, religion, sex, gender identity (including

 gender expression), sexual orientation, disability, age, marital

 status, family/parental status, income derived from a public assistance

 program, political beliefs, or reprisal or retaliation for prior civil

 rights activity, in any program or activity conducted or funded by USDA

 (not all bases apply to all programs). Remedies and complaint filing

 deadlines vary by program or incident.

     Persons with disabilities who require alternative means of

 communication for program information (e.g., Braille, large print,

 audiotape, American Sign Language, etc.) should contact the responsible

 Agency or USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TTY) or

 contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339.

 Additionally, program information may be made available in languages

 other than English.

     To file a program discrimination complaint, complete the USDA

 Program Discrimination Complaint Form, AD-3027, found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html and at any USDA office or

 write a letter addressed to USDA and provide in the letter all of the

 information requested in the form. To request a copy of the complaint

 form, call (866) 632-9992. Submit your completed form or letter to USDA

 by:

     (1) Mail: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Office of the Assistant

 Secretary for Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington,

 DC 20250-9410;

     (2) Fax: (202) 690-7442; or

     (3) Email: program.intake@usda.gov

     USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer, and lender.



     Dated: February 29, 2016.

 Brandon McBride,

 Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-07309 Filed 3-30-16; 8:45 am]

  BILLING CODE P







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
