
                              501 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2014 Saturday

Tupelo Utility Repairs Backed With $2.64 Million FEMA Grant

LENGTH: 407  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Roger Wicker, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

U.S. Senators Thad Cochran (R-Miss.) and Roger Wicker (R-Miss.), with
Representative Alan Nunnelee (R-Miss.), today reported new federal support for
tornado recovery work in Tupelo, with a $2.64 million grant award to restore
public utilities.

The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) on Thursday informed the
Mississippi lawmakers that it has approved a $2.64 million Public Assistance
Program grant to Tupelo Water and Light Department for permanent restoration of
its utility services damaged during an April 28 tornado.

"This grant award is welcome federal support to ensure that utilities are fully
restored and operational.  This award should offset the need for Tupelo
ratepayers to see their utility bills go up as a result of what was a
nationally-significant disaster," Cochran said.  "I appreciate all the hard work
being done by the people of Tupelo to repair the damaged caused by that deadly
storm."

"Mississippians have done a great job of rebuilding and restoring the
communities affected by the storms that ravaged our state in April," Wicker
said. "With continued support from federal and state agencies, I am confident
that we will achieve a full recovery."

"Following a natural disaster, restoration of utility services is an important
first step in returning to normalcy," Nunnelee said.  "I am pleased this grant
will aid in continued tornado recovery efforts and provide for permanent
restoration of damaged utility services."

The overall cost associated with this project is $3.52 million, with the FEMA
award covering 75 percent of its cost.  The funding for this project will be
obligated to the Mississippi Emergency Management Agency for distribution on a
reimbursable basis.

FEMA Public Assistant Program grants provide supplemental disaster assistance to
state, local and tribal governments, and certain types of private, nonprofit
organizations for the repair, replacement or restoration of disaster-damaged,
publicly-owned facilities.

FEMA Public Assistance Grants also support debris removal and emergency
protective measures.  Using Disaster Relief Fund resources provided by Congress,
FEMA awarded two grants in August and September worth a combined total of $3.34
million for debris removal in Tupelo.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              502 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 23, 2016 Friday

Washington: WV DELEGATION URGES PRESIDENT TO INCLUDE WEST VIRGINIA IN
SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS REQUESTS

LENGTH: 652  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Evan Jenkins has issued the following news
release:



 Today, U.S. Senators Joe Manchin (D-WV) and Shelley Moore Capito (R-WV), along
with Representatives David McKinley, Alex Mooney and Evan Jenkins, sent a letter
to President Obama to express their full support for Governor Earl Ray Tomblin's
new request to include West Virginia in any Presidential supplemental
appropriations request that the Administration may submit to Congress.





 The delegation said in part: "In West Virginia, more than two months after the
deadly June floods that killed 23 people, eight counties remain under a state of
emergency. More than 5,000 homes and businesses were damaged during the disaster
and over 70 percent of all applicants incurred at least some FEMA-verified loss.
Unfortunately, much like Louisiana, the vast majority of the flooded homes and
businesses (nearly 90 percent) did not carry flood insurance at the time of the
disaster, and, according to FEMA estimates, the average grant award for each
eligible West Virginian will be less than $9,000. The challenge we face is clear
- without additional assistance, these individuals and the communities in which
they live simply cannot afford to rebuild."



 Please read the full letter below, or click here.



 Dear Mr. President:



 The hardworking men and women of West Virginia have pulled together to help
each other rebuild from the devastating one-in-a-thousand-year floods that
inundated their communities earlier this year and led to a major disaster
declaration on June 25, 2016 (DR-4273). While we are humbled by the heroic
actions of our first responders and the thousands of individual citizens who
helped friends, neighbors and complete strangers escape rising flood waters, we
now find ourselves unable to help many of these same individuals begin down
their own road to recovery, and we urge you to include West Virginia in any
Presidential supplemental appropriations request that your Administration may
submit to Congress.



 In West Virginia, more than two months after the deadly June floods that killed
23 people, eight counties remain under a state of emergency. More than 5,000
homes and businesses were damaged during the disaster and over 70% of all
applicants incurred at least some FEMA-verified loss. Unfortunately, much like
Louisiana, the vast majority of the flooded homes and businesses (nearly 90%)
did not carry flood insurance at the time of the disaster, and, according to
FEMA estimates, the average grant award for each eligible West Virginian will be
less than $9,000. The challenge we face is clear - without additional assistance
, these individuals and the communities in which they live simply cannot afford
to rebuild.



 We strongly support West Virginia Governor Earl Ray Tomblin's request for $310
million in disaster funding for the Community Development Block Grant (CDBG-DR)
program to address the critical unmet needs of our constituents. The additional
CDBG-DR funding requested by the Governor would help homeowners rebuild safer
and stronger. It would give our small businesses an opportunity to reinvest in
the communities on which they depend. It would give these communities the
resources they need to reduce their exposure to flood threats and promote
sustainable development for decades to come. It would be a shame to miss this
opportunity. While the scope and scale of this disaster may seem relatively
small to some, we cannot forget the 23 men, women and children whom we lost
during these floods.



 This was one of the deadliest disasters our country has experienced this year,
and we owe it to the memory of those that we lost to do everything in our power
to ensure a tragedy like this never happens here again.



 Thank you for your prompt attention to this matter.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              503 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                              March 6, 2009 Friday
                                   F3 Edition

Winners, losers in block grant funding requests

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 727 words


The Kane County Community Development Commission recommended projects to receive
$1.6 million in block grant funding. The county board will give formal approval
at an upcoming meeting.

Funding granted

* Community Contacts' owner-occupied housing rehabilitation program -- $341,725.
Rehabilitation for 20 affordable housing units in Kane County owned by people
with low or moderate incomes.

* Carpentersville's Reconstruction Project -- $263,478. Reconstruct sanitary
sewers, water mains, water services, carriage walk, sidewalk and roadway and
create storm sewers, widen turn lanes and install new streetlights and traffic
signals on Hazard Road, Monroe Avenue and Golfview Lane.

* North Aurora's Monroe Street reconstruction -- $181,983. Reconstruct Monroe
Street from State Street to the northern terminus and build sidewalk on east
side of the roadway.

* Carpentersville's 2010/2011 reconstruction project -- $149,952. Reconstruction
of sanitary sewers, water mains, water services, storm sewers, carriage walk and
roadway as well as installation of new streetlights along Hickory Drive, Hickory
Court and Ash Street.

* Kane County floodplain property buyout in East Dundee -- $66,181. Buys and
demolishes the property at 15N302 Camp Flint Drive to return it to open space
and ease flooding.

* Lazarus House Emergency Shelter -- $58,000. Helps cover operating expenses for
the St. Charles homeless shelter and transitional and outreach programs for
clients.

* AID Barnes and Kingsway Group Home Rehabilitation -- $51,478. Rehabilitates
heating, cooling and drainage problems at two group homes serving 10 people with
special needs.

* Aurora PADS Emergency Shelter -- $46,000. Helps cover operating expenses for
emergency homeless shelter and transitional housing program.

* Elgin's Ecker Center for Mental Health's elevator upgrade -- $41,077. Repairs
elevator to keep facility handicap accessible and remain in compliance for state
funding.

* Elgin PADS Emergency Shelter -- $40,000. Helps cover operating expenses for
emergency homeless shelter and transitional housing program.

* Neighborhood Housing Services of the Fox Valley's Homeownership
Education/Counseling program -- $34,000. Provides education and counseling to
prospective homebuyers and homeowners facing mortgage default and foreclosure.

* Mastodon Lake regional drainage improvements for south/east side of Aurora and
Aurora Township -- $30,000. Removes up to 110 lots from the Mastodon Lake
floodplain.

* Flood relief for Algonquin Shores subdivision in Dundee Township -- $24,000.
Helps prevent flooding of the Pokagon Channel that has damaged up to 23 homes in
the past.

* South Elgin's Gilbert Street Sidewalk Extension -- $15,300. Constructs a
sidewalk along Gilbert Street to connect residential area with downtown South
Elgin.

* Flood control in Aurora Township for homeowners along Pasadena Drive and
Baseline Road -- $13,000. Helps construct a storm sewer to prevent future
flooding from Blackberry Creek.

* Big Rock facilities planning area -- $10,000. Plan will determine community
infrastructure needs and secure funding for design and construction of
wastewater system.

* Continuum of Care Administration's coordination of services for the homeless
-- $8,000. Helps cover administrative costs of providing services to the area
homeless population.

No funding granted

* Kane County Community Athletic Council's Athletic and Exposition Center in
Aurora (requested $3.5 million). The project does not meet eligibility criteria
as it is unlikely to benefit only low to moderate income teams.

* Gilberts' Town Center Park (requested $100,000). County staff determined the
project area is not eligible because income levels being beyond the funding
scope.

* Elgin YWCA's child care space (requested $100,000). County staff determined
the facility doesn't serve enough of the countywide population targeted by these
grants.

* St. Charles circulator feasibility study (requested $20,000). County staff
determined the program is better suited to a different grant the county
administers.

* FITE Homeownership Coalition's Emergency Repair Program (requested $10,000).
Rejected because the county already offers up to $10,000 in emergency repair
funds for affordable housing units.

* Virgil comprehensive plan update publication (requested $2,500). Rejected
because there is no timeline for the plan and has no other funding source.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              504 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             May 10, 1997 Saturday

WITH SENATE VICTORY IN HAND MAYORS SEEK AID FROM HOUSE

BYLINE: Molly Guthrey and Lynda McDonnell, Staff Writers

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 417 words

DATELINE: GRAND FORKS, N.D.


One down, one to go.

In a personal quest to ensure their flood-ravaged cities receive federal aid to
rebuild, Grand Forks Mayor Pat Owens and East Grand Forks Mayor Lynn Stauss
returned from a whirlwind Washington lobbying trip to hear that their efforts
paid off: The U.S. Senate had approved a huge disaster relief package.

"It has been an interesting few days for two small-town mayors to be on Capitol
Hill," Owens said Friday. "It (the approval by the Senate) renewed my faith in
government ... this is what we really needed."

But the Senate was only half the battle, and the mayors may return to Washington
next week to repeat their performance in the House.

During a visit to the Minnesota Capitol on Friday, U.S. Sen. Paul Wellstone
expressed concern that the flood aid bill in the U.S. House is not as generous
as the one passed by the Senate on Thursday.

Wellstone favors giving aid as Community Development Block Grants because it
will allow states maximum flexibility to help homeowners and small businesses.

Wellstone acknowledged the increased emergency funds will come from money for
Section 8 housing certificates and future assistance for the Federal Emergency
Management Assistance. Although he does not believe increases in emergency aid
should require cuts in other federal spending, the budget-balancing mood in
Congress is provoking such trade-offs, he said.

The money - which totals more than $1 billion with the extra $400 million the
Senate approved - would go toward a number of projects in the Red River Valley,
including:

Government buyouts or relocation costs of homes and businesses and costs to move
public buildings like schools.

Payments to farmers who have lost livestock.

Money for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers for design and engineering work in
the area.

Sewer repair costs as well as money to repair highways and to add new
infrastructure in new neighborhoods.

Money to reimburse school districts that have taken in displaced students from
the flooded districts.

Sen. Kent Conrad, D-N.D., who appeared at a Friday press conference in Grand
Forks, and Sen. Byron Dorgan, D-N.D., who appeared via satellite hook-up,
praised the mayors for their help and said the package probably wouldn't have
been approved if the mayors hadn't come to Washington to help.

Conrad especially gave credit to Owens, saying she changed the "hearts and
minds" of veteran politicians wary of putting together such an immense financial
package.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Flood of '97

                     Copyright 1997 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              505 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Weekly Times (Australia)

                           January 29, 2014 Wednesday
                               1 - FIRST Edition

Drought sweeping swiftly across northwest NSW

BYLINE: JAMES WAGSTAFF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 313 words


DROUGHT conditions ``are marching pretty quickly'' across northwest NSW.

That's according to NSW Rural Assistance Authority general manager John
Newcombe, who spent four days in the region last week.

Members of the NSW Department of Primary Industries' Regional Assistance
Advisory Committee hosted meetings at Cobar, Nyngan, The Marrar, Coonamble,
Pilliga, Spring Plains, Moree, Boggabri, Bugaldie to gauge community concerns
about the ongoing dry.

Some parts of northwest NSW haven't recorded much rainfall for 18 months,
causing crops to fail and livestock feed and water supplies to dwindle.

Mr Newcombe described the conditions in the region as ``pretty bad''.

``People are doing it tough,'' he told The Weekly Times.

``We have got rainfall statistics but we wanted to hear first-hand from those
people on the ground as to how conditions were affecting them.''

Mr Newcombe said water for livestock was a big issue with many surface dams dry
and nearing dry.

He said it wasn't unusual to hear farmers say ``of the 20 dams we have on our
property, 18 are dry and the last two will be dry within a month''.

Mr Newcombe said the need for rain varied according to the farmers and what feed
and water supplies they had available.

He said the meetings varied from 20 to 80 people and included local businesses
feeling the flow-on effects of the downturn in local agriculture production.

``We had transporters attending the meetings and farmers themselves are very
concerned about their communities,'' Mr Newcombe said.

He said some farmers were seeking cash grants to help them in the short-term
while others were hoping government transport subsidies and emergency water
-infrastructure grants available to the Bourke, Brewarrina and Walgett regions
could be extended to them.

Mr Newcombe said from the meetings the RAAC would make recommendations to the
NSW Government on any assistance required.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: WKT


                   Copyright 2014 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              506 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             June 2, 2016 Thursday

Minot, Ward County continue rebuilding process

BYLINE: JENNY SCHLECHT Bismarck Tribune

SECTION: A; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 416 words


At one point in 2011, it seemed as though all of North Dakota was flooded.

Rivers, lakes, sloughs - every place that held water seemed to have more water
than it could hold. But the hardest hit by far was Minot and the greater Ward
County area.

The usually tranquil Souris River reached its highest point in recorded history
on June 25, 2011. Four counties - Bottineau, McHenry, Renville and Ward - were
included in a disaster declaration due to the Souris River flooding.

About 11,000 people were evacuated in Minot when the river flooded 4,000 homes.
According to the Federal Emergency Management Agency, 1,958 FEMA housing units,
holding an average of three people per unit, were occupied at one point.

Cody Schultz, disaster recovery chief for North Dakota Department of Emergency
Services, said that area was "really devastated" by the flooding, which has made
the recovery more difficult. A number of different grant programs have gone into
helping the communities get back to how they used to be, Schultz said.

Efforts to replace housing, repair infrastructure and better protect the
communities continue today.

Officials on Tuesday dedicated two new affordable housing projects in the
disaster area. The Burlington Willows Townhomes in the city of Burlington and
Cook's Court Apartments for people 55 and older in Minot were built by Beyond
Shelter, a Fargo-based developer of affordable housing.

The Burlington project cost $8.26 million, and Cook's Court cost $7 million.

The projects were completed with the help of more than $8 million in Community
Development Block Grants. Sen. John Hoeven, who serves on the Senate
Appropriations Committee, helped to secure the grants and other funding for
flood recovery and housing projects.

"The people of Minot and Ward County are continuing to rebuild, as we can see
here today with these two beautiful new housing projects," Hoeven said at the
dedication ceremony. "That's possible because of the can-do spirit, resilience
and smart planning demonstrated by the people of the entire region following the
flood of 2011."

The officials also talked about how Minot will use $74.3 million in National
Disaster Resilience Competition funding awarded in January by the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development. The money is to be used to reduce
flood risk and increase resilience, build affordable, resilient neighborhoods
and foster economic resilience and diversification.

Reach Jenny Schlecht at 701-595-0425 or jenny.schlecht@bismarcktribune.com

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2016 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              507 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 3, 2014 Friday

TUPELO UTILITY REPAIRS BACKED WITH $2.64 MILLION FEMA GRANT

LENGTH: 407  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Thad Cochran, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

U.S. Senators Thad Cochran (R-Miss.) and Roger Wicker (R-Miss.), with
Representative Alan Nunnelee (R-Miss.), today reported new federal support for
tornado recovery work in Tupelo, with a $2.64 million grant award to restore
public utilities.

The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) on Thursday informed the
Mississippi lawmakers that it has approved a $2.64 million Public Assistance
Program grant to Tupelo Water and Light Department for permanent restoration of
its utility services damaged during an April 28 tornado.

"This grant award is welcome federal support to ensure that utilities are fully
restored and operational.  This award should offset the need for Tupelo
ratepayers to see their utility bills go up as a result of what was a
nationally-significant disaster," Cochran said.  "I appreciate all the hard work
being done by the people of Tupelo to repair the damaged caused by that deadly
storm."

"Mississippians have done a great job of rebuilding and restoring the
communities affected by the storms that ravaged our state in April," Wicker
said. "With continued support from federal and state agencies, I am confident
that we will achieve a full recovery."

"Following a natural disaster, restoration of utility services is an important
first step in returning to normalcy," Nunnelee said.  "I am pleased this grant
will aid in continued tornado recovery efforts and provide for permanent
restoration of damaged utility services."

The overall cost associated with this project is $3.52 million, with the FEMA
award covering 75 percent of its cost.  The funding for this project will be
obligated to the Mississippi Emergency Management Agency for distribution on a
reimbursable basis.

FEMA Public Assistant Program grants provide supplemental disaster assistance to
state, local and tribal governments, and certain types of private, nonprofit
organizations for the repair, replacement or restoration of disaster-damaged,
publicly-owned facilities.

FEMA Public Assistance Grants also support debris removal and emergency
protective measures.  Using Disaster Relief Fund resources provided by Congress,
FEMA awarded two grants in August and September worth a combined total of $3.34
million for debris removal in Tupelo.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              508 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             June 16, 2015 Tuesday

City receives $300,000 in grants

BYLINE: TH Media

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 121 words


The City of Guttenberg has received $300,000 in grants for planned water-system
repairs.

The city in January was awarded $150,000 from the U.S. Department of Agriculture
to repair water mains along North River Park Drive. The city last month was
awarded $150,000 in Community Development Block Grant funds for the project.

Extreme cold temperatures in the winter of 2013-2014 caused widespread damage to
water mains throughout the city. The resulting leakages qualified the city for
the USDA funds, which come from the Emergency and Imminent Community Water
Assistance Grant program.

City Administrator Mary Willett said the project will cost about $450,000. City
officials are exploring ways to cover the remaining project costs.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              509 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                     The Ortonville Independent (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 27, 2010

Gov. secures major disaster declaration for 18 counties

BYLINE: The Ortonville Independent staff

LENGTH: 414  words


Governor Tim Pawlenty has announced that President Obama has approved a major
disaster declaration for Minnesota. The presidential declaration clears the way
for federal relief and recovery assistance for Big Stone, Blue Earth, Brown,
Carver, Chippewa, Clay, Kittson, Lac qui Parle, Marshall, Norman, Polk, Redwood,
Renville, Scott, Sibley, Traverse, Wilkin, and Yellow Medicine Counties and the
Tribal Nation of the Upper Sioux Community.

Governor Pawlenty requested an expedited major disaster declaration in a letter
to the President on March 9.

The preliminary damage estimate in the major disaster request totaled
approximately $14.8 million. Under the terms of the disaster declaration, the
federal government would cover 75 percent of eligible costs or approximately
$11.1 million. Governor Pawlenty plans to propose legislation that would have
the state cover the entire remaining state and local government portion of 25
percent or approximately $3.7 million.

"We're grateful this spring's flooding was largely contained," Governor Pawlenty
said. "But the extremely high waters still caused some damage, particularly in
Red River Valley. Once again, the spirit and resolve of Min-nesotans battling
the floodwaters was incredible."

The Presidential major disaster declaration includes two categories of aid:

Public Assistance: Assistance to state and local government and certain private
non-profit organizations for emergency work and the repair or replacement of
disaster-damaged facilities. This applies within the counties in the disaster
area.

Hazard Mitigation Grant Program: Assistance to state and local government and
certain private non-profit or ganizations for actions taken to prevent or reduce
long-term risk to life and property from natural hazards. All counties in the
State of Minnesota are eligible to apply for assistance under this program.

On March 15, Governor Pawlenty declared a State of Emergency for several
Minnesota counties and the Upper Sioux Community as they prepared for serious
flooding. His executive order activated the National Guard to assist in flood
preparations and directed the Department of Public Safety, Division of Homeland
Security and Emergency Management to activate the Minnesota Emergency Operations
Plan.

Governor Pawlenty is also working with North Dakota Governor John Ho-even to
undertake efforts along with city, county and congressional officials to
accelerate work on permanent flood protection projects in the Red River basin.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ORT

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2010 The Ortonville Independent


                              510 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                             May 27, 2015 Wednesday

Washington Drought Emergency Declaration Seen as Short-Term Credit Positive

BYLINE: Kyle Glazier

SECTION: REGIONAL NEWS Vol. 1 No. 34315

LENGTH: 256  words


WASHINGTON - The recent drought emergency declaration in Washington State is a
short-term positive credit positive development for the agricultural communities
in the central and eastern portions of the state, Moody's Investors Service
said.

Gov. Jay Inslee declared a drought emergency earlier this month after the
governor's Emergency Water Executive Committee found that 48 of 62 watersheds in
the state have water supplies of 75% of normal or lower, Moody's noted. Very low
snowpack levels are also expected to result in historically low runoff levels.
Drought is negative for the state's credit, but the emergency declaration is a
short-term boost for some of the state's issuers, Moody's analysts believe,
notably Grant County, Yakima County and Benton County.

"Under the declaration, the three communities and others will be able to
temporarily obtain water from alternate sources and take advantage of emergency
withdrawals of groundwater and surface water, including dead storage in
reservoirs in certain permitted conditions," Moody's said. "The state's
Department of Ecology is expected to provide financial assistance to farmers,
while paying them to leave fields fallow and forgo senior water diversions. A
water exchange has also been established to help users buy or sell available
water."

Unlike California, suffering its own brutal drought, Washington has imposed no
water usage restrictions. The state's department of agriculture is expecting the
drought to cost about $1.2 billion in crop losses this year, Moody's noted.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BONDBUYER_NEWS


                        Copyright 2015 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              511 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 bondbuyer.com

                              May 26, 2015 Tuesday

Washington Drought Emergency Declaration Seen as Short-Term Credit Positive

BYLINE: Kyle Glazier

SECTION: REGIONAL NEWS Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 256  words


WASHINGTON - The recent drought emergency declaration in Washington State is a
short-term positive credit positive development for the agricultural communities
in the central and eastern portions of the state, Moody's Investors Service
said.

Gov. Jay Inslee declared a drought emergency earlier this month after the
governor's Emergency Water Executive Committee found that 48 of 62 watersheds in
the state have water supplies of 75% of normal or lower, Moody's noted. Very low
snowpack levels are also expected to result in historically low runoff levels.
Drought is negative for the state's credit, but the emergency declaration is a
short-term boost for some of the state's issuers, Moody's analysts believe,
notably Grant County, Yakima County and Benton County.

"Under the declaration, the three communities and others will be able to
temporarily obtain water from alternate sources and take advantage of emergency
withdrawals of groundwater and surface water, including dead storage in
reservoirs in certain permitted conditions," Moody's said. "The state's
Department of Ecology is expected to provide financial assistance to farmers,
while paying them to leave fields fallow and forgo senior water diversions. A
water exchange has also been established to help users buy or sell available
water."

Unlike California, suffering its own brutal drought, Washington has imposed no
water usage restrictions. The state's department of agriculture is expecting the
drought to cost about $1.2 billion in crop losses this year, Moody's noted.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BONDBUYER_NEWS


                        Copyright 2015 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              512 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 27, 2017 Friday

North Carolina: Governor Cooper announces $198 million grant for Hurricane
Matthew recovery

LENGTH: 470  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Office of the Governor, North Carolina has issued the following
news release:


 Governor Roy Cooper today announced that North Carolina has received more than
$198 million to help families and communities recover from Hurricane Matthew.


 Nearly $159 million of the grant funds are specifically earmarked for Robeson,
Cumberland, Edgecombe and Wayne counties, which were among the state's
hardest-hit areas during Hurricane Matthew.
 "These counties suffered some of the worst flooding in North Carolina's history
and they need our help to recover and rebuild," Cooper said. "Our top priorities
are making sure people have safe housing and access to essential services, and
this grant will help meet those needs."
 The remaining approximately $39 million will go to address disaster recovery in
the other 46 disaster-declared counties in North Carolina.
 The funds are Community Development Block Grant Disaster Recovery (CDBG-DR)
funds from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development.  HUD awarded
the grants based on North Carolina's unmet housing and infrastructure needs,
which considers the cost to repair seriously damaged properties and
infrastructure in the most-impacted counties.
 The recovery funds will help communities hit hard by Hurricane Matthew with
housing, economic development, infrastructure and efforts to prevent further
damage. Possible applications include:


  Rehabilitating storm-damaged homes and buildings

  Buying damaged properties in flood plains and relocating residents to safer
areas

  Temporary housing for people and businesses displaced by the disaster

  Helping businesses keep or create jobs

  Building or rehabilitating public streets, neighborhood centers, and water,
sewer and drainage systems

  Down payment assistance, interest rate subsidies and loan guarantees to help
disaster victims buy their own homes

  Debris removal not covered by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA)

 "Hurricane Matthew hit us hard, but North Carolinians are resilient," Cooper
said. "These funds will give families and communities resources to repair homes,
rebuild streets and get back to work."
 The $198 million federal grant was awarded this week following a request for
additional financial assistance. The funds are in addition to the $4.5 million
federal grant awarded last week to match trained case managers with Hurricane
Matthew survivors to help them navigate the long and often complicated recovery
process.
 As of today, 81,629 households across the 50 disaster-designated counties have
registered for FEMA assistance. Survivors are encouraged to monitor the status
of their cases and to update their contact information when changes occur.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              513 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 27, 2017 Friday

North Carolina: Governor Cooper announces $198 million grant for Hurricane
Matthew recovery

LENGTH: 470  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Office of the Governor, North Carolina has issued the following
news release:


 Governor Roy Cooper today announced that North Carolina has received more than
$198 million to help families and communities recover from Hurricane Matthew.


 Nearly $159 million of the grant funds are specifically earmarked for Robeson,
Cumberland, Edgecombe and Wayne counties, which were among the state's
hardest-hit areas during Hurricane Matthew.
 "These counties suffered some of the worst flooding in North Carolina's history
and they need our help to recover and rebuild," Cooper said. "Our top priorities
are making sure people have safe housing and access to essential services, and
this grant will help meet those needs."
 The remaining approximately $39 million will go to address disaster recovery in
the other 46 disaster-declared counties in North Carolina.
 The funds are Community Development Block Grant Disaster Recovery (CDBG-DR)
funds from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development.  HUD awarded
the grants based on North Carolina's unmet housing and infrastructure needs,
which considers the cost to repair seriously damaged properties and
infrastructure in the most-impacted counties.
 The recovery funds will help communities hit hard by Hurricane Matthew with
housing, economic development, infrastructure and efforts to prevent further
damage. Possible applications include:


  Rehabilitating storm-damaged homes and buildings

  Buying damaged properties in flood plains and relocating residents to safer
areas

  Temporary housing for people and businesses displaced by the disaster

  Helping businesses keep or create jobs

  Building or rehabilitating public streets, neighborhood centers, and water,
sewer and drainage systems

  Down payment assistance, interest rate subsidies and loan guarantees to help
disaster victims buy their own homes

  Debris removal not covered by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA)

 "Hurricane Matthew hit us hard, but North Carolinians are resilient," Cooper
said. "These funds will give families and communities resources to repair homes,
rebuild streets and get back to work."
 The $198 million federal grant was awarded this week following a request for
additional financial assistance. The funds are in addition to the $4.5 million
federal grant awarded last week to match trained case managers with Hurricane
Matthew survivors to help them navigate the long and often complicated recovery
process.
 As of today, 81,629 households across the 50 disaster-designated counties have
registered for FEMA assistance. Survivors are encouraged to monitor the status
of their cases and to update their contact information when changes occur.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              514 of 998 DOCUMENTS

               Copyright (c) 2014 Hofstra Law Review Association
                               Hofstra Law Review

                                   Fall, 2014

                               Hofstra Law Review

                             43 Hofstra L. Rev. 169

LENGTH: 3930 words

HOFSTRA LAW REVIEW ALUMNI ISSUE: IDEA: ONE FOR TEN DOLLARS, TWO FOR THIRTY: THE
VALUE OF THE NATIONAL FLOOD INSURANCE PROGRAM DWELLING POLICY FOR THE INSURED

NAME: Matthew J. Kutner*

BIO: * In addition to being a 2009 graduate of Hofstra University School of Law
and a former Research Editor for the Hofstra Law Review, I am currently a Staff
Attorney with the New York Legal Assistance Group's ("NYLAG") Storm Response
Unit, where I assist and represent clients, at no cost, with legal issues that
arose as a result of Superstorm Sandy. Thank you to Ann Dibble, Sunny Noh, Sam
Wachtel, Liz Glazer, Hon. Gary Knobel, and the Staff and Editors of the Hofstra
Law Review for their assistance and contributions. A special thank you to
Gariel, whom I first met over seven years ago when she was my Notes and Comments
Editor and I was a Staff Member on the Hofstra Law Review. Her contributions are
immeasurable. The opinions in this Idea do not represent those of NYLAG.

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... Whereas NFIP policy premiums are set by federal law and, in large part, are
subsidized, Biggert-Waters amended that policy to bring premium costs more
in-line with the actual risk of flood damage using actuarial rates.  ... In
exchange for the retention of a portion of the premium to cover costs, WYO
carriers sell flood policies, and the remaining premium balance is then
forwarded to the federal government.  ... As we will see, a homeowner that filed
a claim for flood damages under their NFIP policy, but received nothing because
of the Policy's "earth movement" exclusion, could be eligible to receive the
full amount of money necessary for repairs under programs funded by CDBG-DR
funds.  ... Like many disaster victims, the homeowner seeks assistance from the
Federal Emergency Management Agency ("FEMA"), and is granted $ 1000 for home
repair assistance.  ... By contrast, for homeowners who had no flood insurance
coverage in place at the time of Sandy, but were not required to because they
never received any federal assistance prior to Sandy, FEMA benefits and CDGB-DR
funded programs, like NY Rising, are available.  ... If damage resulting from
earth movement occurs in a future storm, the homeowner, who will have paid
timely and repeatedly for "flood" coverage, will likely receive nothing from
damage claims submitted under the NFIP policy.

TEXT:
 [*169]

   I. Introduction

 Attaching "national" to flood insurance is a strange concept, if one really
thinks about it. Insurance protection against flood damage is quite a different
beast on coastal Long Island, New York, and Florida, than, say, an area within a
desert climate in the southwest United States. Yet, geography does not play a
role in the standard flood policy's terms and conditions. A one-size-fits-all
national program is what we have. Ninety percent of all natural disasters in the
United States are flood-related, n1 and, for over forty years, the federal
government has been intimately involved in the provision of flood insurance
since the creation of the National Flood Insurance Program ("NFIP"). n2

   The insurance industry, in general, achieves profitability by taking in more
money from policy premium payments than it pays out for claims from covered
damages. The actuarial risk of having to pay claims determines, in part, what
premium the insured is charged. This is also a strange concept for the federal
government - we call its antithesis  [*170]  "deficit spending," and this is
current federal fiscal policy. Without being able to spend more than it
receives, the federal government could not operate. n3 Like the federal
government, the NFIP is not profitable. n4

   It is because of the lack of profitability of the flood insurance market that
the federal government occupied the void left behind by fleeing private flood
insurers. n5 However, government involvement in the insurance business is not
for reasons of profitability, but for reasons of public policy. n6 The Biggert-
Waters Flood Insurance Reform Act of 2012 ("Biggert-Waters") n7 aimed to change
this. Whereas NFIP policy premiums are set by federal law and, in large part,
are subsidized, Biggert-Waters amended that policy to bring premium costs more
in-line with the actual risk of flood damage using actuarial rates. n8 Both
conservative free-market groups and traditionally progressive environmental
groups supported Biggert-Waters with enthusiasm; n9 the typical "customer"
probably never heard of it. Although Biggert-Waters was recently amended by the
Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act of 2014, n10 NFIP premium increases
are imminent. While paying more for something, by itself, is not necessarily a
bad thing, paying more for the same, inadequate thing is; free-marketers and
environmentalists would probably agree with that, too.

   II. Bedfellows

 For New Yorkers impacted by Superstorm Sandy ("Sandy") in late October 2012 and
Hurricane Irene ("Irene") in the summer of 2011, flood insurance coverage is an
intimate topic. I experienced the NFIP beginning shortly after Sandy as a Staff
Attorney in the New York Legal Assistance Group's Storm Response Unit ("SRU"),
where I, and approximately thirty other attorneys and advocates within SRU,
currently assist and represent clients with Sandy-related legal issues and
[*171]  disputes, at no cost, in all five boroughs of New York City and Long
Island. When the second "flood" arrived after Sandy - clients with questions,
and, later, disputes with their flood insurance carriers - we quickly learned of
the NFIP's limitations.

   One would think that a flood insurance policy written and regulated by
federal law would be friendly to homeowners given the public policy and
not-for-profit motivations of the federal government. But this would be wrong.
One would also think that, under such a government program, if property was lost
or damaged because of a flood, no matter to what or where, flood insurance would
pay for the repair or replacement. Wrong again. In fact, the flood policy
explicitly excludes coverage for some of the most costly damages. n11 If two
identical homes, with identical damage and flood coverage filed identical claims
for damage, they should get the same amount of money for repairs or replacement,
right? Not necessarily. In part, this is because of another quirk of the NFIP -
most policies are purchased from Write Your Own ("WYO") carriers, and the
policies are backed by the federal government. n12

   WYO carriers, such as State Farm, Allstate, Travelers, and a host of other
commonly known insurance companies, administer the NFIP by utilizing the
services of the independent adjusting community. n13 In exchange for the
retention of a portion of the premium to cover costs, WYO carriers sell flood
policies, and the remaining premium balance is then forwarded to the federal
government. n14 For example, despite a homeowner having purchased a flood policy
from Allstate, it is really the federal government that retains the financial
risk of insuring the home. n15 It is also, ultimately, the obligation of the
federal government to pay the claim. n16 Allstate, for example, using the
independent adjusting community, may be the entity responsible for adjusting,
assessing, and processing claims, but the end-payor is the federal government.
Allstate and State Farm, for example, using their own respective independent
adjusting communities, may pay different settlements for identical claims -
adjustors, like lawyers, differ as to opinions on interpretation and causation.

[*172]

   III. National Flood Insurance Program Policy Specifics

 There are two main types of coverage that a standard NFIP Dwelling n17 Form
("Policy") offers: (1) coverage for the structure of the property of up to $
250,000; and (2) coverage for contents or personal property of up to $ 100,000.
n18 The Policy pays for direct physical damage to the insured property, as a
result of a "flood," n19 up to the replacement cost or actual cash value of the
actual damages of the Policy. n20

   In addition to exclusions caused by carve-outs within specific coverage
provisions and narrowly defined terms, the Policy explicitly lays out
exclusions. n21 The Policy excludes a common, costly occurrence: "earth movement
even if the earth movement is caused by flood." n22 In other words, if a tidal
surge (a flood) washed away the "earth" that encased a home's foundation,
causing the foundation and the home to destabilize, shift, or crack, despite
sustaining potentially hundreds of thousands of dollars in damages, the insured,
under the Policy, could be paid nothing for this damage. To be clear, the Policy
excludes additional types of occurrences and property from coverage that a
reasonable homeowner would assume to be covered under a "flood" insurance
policy, and this is but one example. I have little doubt that these exclusions
are policy determinations by NFIP administrators to save money - odd, given the
federal government's public policy motivations.

   As a result of the apparent flood insurance public policy to make homeowners
whole as infrequently as possible, homeowners are left with large funding gaps
for repairs, rebuilding, and recovery, and few options to rely upon to fill that
gap. After Sandy, and, in no small part because of New York Governor Andrew
Cuomo (a former United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development
("HUD")), the federal government made billions of dollars available to  [*173]
New York through Community Development Block Grant Disaster Recovery
("CDBG-DR"). n23

   With these funds, two programs for disaster recovery assistance arose: Build
It Back ("BIB"), the program specifically for Sandy victims in New York City;
and NY Rising, the program for Sandy victims in every Sandy-impacted area other
than New York City, n24 including Long Island. Like many programs funded by
federal taxpayer dollars, the federal government released the CDBG-DR funds with
a host of restrictions and regulations, which must be followed. n25 Some of
these restrictions are beneficial, while others are onerous. Operating according
to these rules, it becomes the responsibility of the receiving municipality (New
York State and New York City) to design, create, and implement these programs -
which is no small task. n26 Bear in mind, however, that like the NFIP, these
funds draw from the very same account from which NFIP claims pay, the U.S.
Treasury. As we will see, a homeowner that filed a claim for flood damages under
their NFIP policy, but received nothing because of the Policy's "earth movement"
exclusion, n27 could be eligible to receive the full amount of money necessary
for repairs under programs funded by CDBG-DR funds. n28

   IV. Community Development Block Grant Disaster Recovery Funds

 In this Part, I will focus on the NY Rising program's development and some of
its policy determinations for spending DBG-DR funds. n29

   On January 29, 2013, Congress made $ 16 billion of CDBG-DR funds available to
states, including New York, to cover damages caused, in part, by Sandy. n30 As a
CDBG-DR grantee, New York was required to  [*174]  submit an action plan that
described its proposed use of funds, and it released its initial action plan on
March 12, 2013. n31 HUD approved New York's plan on April 25, 2013, and, since
then, New York published six subsequent amendments. n32 In total, $
3,810,960,000 is available to New York, excluding New York City, for disaster
recovery and victims' unmet needs. n33 More money may be on the way. Yet,
CDBG-DR funds come from the same payor as the NFIP - the federal government.

   NY Rising is spending these funds for the provision of assistance to Sandy
victims, among other storm victims, for: repairs; reimbursement; elevation;
"optional resiliency" measures; and interim mortgage assistance. n34 To receive
assistance, however, victims must establish their eligibility under the program.
In addition to other eligibility criteria, such as a primary residency at the
time of damage requirement, homeowners who reside in certain flood-prone areas
and who receive financial assistance from NY Rising must, under federal law,
obtain flood insurance under the NFIP. n35 Moreover, and also according to
federal law, "anyone that previously received Federal assistance following a
disaster and was required to get flood insurance, but did not, is ineligible for
CDBG-DR assistance." n36 This requirement has serious implications.

[*175]

   Consider the following common scenario: a Long Island homeowner, with no
mortgage, lives in a neighborhood that had never flooded before. The homeowner
is no longer working, and lives on a modest, fixed income. Purchasing flood
insurance coverage, according to the homeowner, was an expenditure deemed
unnecessary. In the summer of 2011, however, Irene caused flood damage to the
home.

   Like many disaster victims, the homeowner seeks assistance from the Federal
Emergency Management Agency ("FEMA"), and is granted $ 1000 for home repair
assistance. Under federal law, the homeowner is now required to purchase flood
insurance as a result of receipt of this assistance. But, when the homeowner
contacts her insurance broker, the homeowner is quoted a price for the premium
of an NFIP policy that the homeowner could not afford. Accordingly, the
homeowner chooses not to purchase an NFIP policy after Irene.

   Fast-forward to October 2012, and the arrival of Sandy. This time, a
tremendous amount of flood damage is caused to that same home. Again, the
homeowner applies for assistance from FEMA. However, because the homeowner did
not purchase an NFIP policy despite receiving a FEMA grant after Irene, the
homeowner will receive nothing from FEMA, and, in addition, will not be eligible
for assistance under CDBG-DR funded programs like NY Rising. n37

   By contrast, for homeowners who had no flood insurance coverage in place at
the time of Sandy, but were not required to because they never received any
federal assistance prior to Sandy, FEMA benefits and CDGB-DR funded programs,
like NY Rising, are available. Let us consider the example of the homeowner who
had no flood insurance in place at the time of Sandy, but suffers "earth
movement" flood damage. NY Rising assists this homeowner with Sandy-related
repairs. The homeowner, under NY Rising's guidelines and federal law, is now
required to purchase flood insurance to mitigate against future storms. n38 This
homeowner did purchase an NFIP policy. However, as previously discussed, earth
movement is excluded from coverage under the NFIP. n39 If damage resulting from
earth movement occurs in a future storm, the homeowner, who will have paid
timely and repeatedly for "flood" coverage, will likely receive nothing from
damage claims submitted under the NFIP policy. The homeowner has paid, in this
scenario, for the false belief of insurance, and federal policy essentially
forces homeowners to purchase an NFIP policy and buy-in to that program.

    [*176]  But for CDBG-DR money, and programs like NY Rising and BIB,
homeowners impacted by Sandy would have been left to fend for themselves to fill
significant unmet needs and funding gaps due to, in large part, NFIP
limitations. Unless the federal government envisions funding CDBG-DR programs
following every natural disaster and flooding event, there will continue to be
unmet financial needs because of NFIP shortcomings.

   Moreover, eventually, homeowners will be expected to pay more for that false
sense of security. In this scenario, which could apply to many homeowners, flood
insurance under the NFIP, absent more homeowner-friendly revisions to the
Policy, is a pecuniary charge imposed upon a homeowner to yield public revenue,
or, in other words, a tax. n40

   V. Conclusion

 For better or worse, flood insurance under the NFIP is often the frontline,
financial first responder for disaster recovery in flood-prone areas. The
current model requires that, at some point, some portion of the financial burden
of protection shifts to the homeowner. There is nothing controversial about
requiring homeowners to bear some of that cost. However, to charge homeowners
more for the same, deficient thing is unjust. If financing the NFIP is moving
more towards the direction of applying market principles, then a market should
be created.

   The only real, material choice homeowners have in deciding what flood
coverage to have in place is the dollar amount of coverage - "should I have $
50,000 worth of coverage, or $ 250,000?" Instead, why not offer homeowners the
opportunity to choose from multiple types of policies at varying costs, or
negotiate more property-appropriate policies, rather than imposing upon them the
current one-size-fits-all Policy?

   The practical reality of the current model short-changes homeowners from
recovering money under policies that they thought would fully protect their
homes in the event of flood damage. This could be for a multitude of reasons,
not least of which is the current form of the Policy. When recovery under the
NFIP, administered by WYO carriers, has been exhausted, or when homeowners, who
faced repeated delay and inaction understandably give up, the funding gap or
unmet  [*177]  need is filled by CDBG-DR, state-and city-administered programs.
n41 CDGB-DR funds are supplied by the same source as the NFIP - the U.S.
Treasury. While it remains to be seen how effective programs like NY Rising will
be, why not get it right the first time? Why not provide homeowners, who have
paid costly flood insurance premiums, and will be expected to pay more, with a
competent, comprehensive, and fair NFIP? Not only would this accelerate disaster
recovery, it would be the right thing to do.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Banking LawNational Flood Insurance ProgramInsurance LawProperty InsuranceFlood
InsurancePublic Health & Welfare LawSocial ServicesEmergency Services

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Saul Jay Singer, Flooding the Fifth Amendment: The National Flood Insurance
Program and the "Takings" Clause, 17 B.C. Envtl. Aff. L. Rev. 323, 325 (1990).





n2.  The NFIP is codified at 42 U.S.C.§§4001-4129 (2006), and is implemented
through the Federal Emergency Management Agency's ("FEMA") regulations at 44
C.F.R. §§59-79 (2013).





n3.  See Doug Bandow, Budget Reform in Reverse: Congress Prepares to Hike Flood
Insurance Subsidies, Forbes (Sept. 14, 2014, 10:00 AM), http://www.forbes.com/
sites/dougbandow/2014/02/24/budget-reform-in-reverse-congress-prepares-to-hike-f
lood-insurance-subsidies/2.





n4.  See id.





n5.  § 4001(b).





n6.  Christine M. McMillan, Comment, Federal Flood Insurance Policy: Making
Matters Worse, 44 Hous. L. Rev. 471, 486 (2007).





n7.  Pub. L. No. 112-141, 126 Stat. 916 (codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. §§4001
-4130 (2012)).





n8.  See 126 Stat. at 921.





n9.  Eli Lehrer, Strange Bedfellows: Smartersafer.org and the Biggert-Waters Act
of 2012, 23 Duke Envtl. L. & Pol'y F. 351, 353-54 (2013).





n10.  Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act of 2014, H.R. 3370, 113th
Cong. (2014).





n11.  See 44 C.F.R. pt. 61 app. A(1) (2013).





n12.  Fed. Emergency Mgmt. Agency, National Flood Insurance Program Adjuster
Claims Manual, at I-1 (2013), available at
http://www.fema.gov/media-library-data/77c3a96a9c5e2e4b50bc9e1f958c5c48/adjclaim
smanual_pa rt1_508rev_12sep13.pdf ("The WYO Program now accounts for
approximately 90 percent of all flood policies."); McMillan, supra note 6, at
489.





n13.  See Fed. Emergency Mgmt. Agency, supra note 12, at II-1.





n14.  McMillan, supra note 6, at 489; see also 44 C.F.R. §§62.23-.24.





n15.  44 C.F.R. pt. 62 app. A (2013).





n16.  Id.





n17. " Dwelling," under the Policy, is defined as: "A building designed for use
as a residence for no more than four families or a single-family unit in a
building under a condominium form of ownership." 44 C.F.R. pt. 61 app. A(1)
(2013).





n18.  Id.





n19. " Flood," under the policy, is defined to mean:



   1. A general and temporary condition of partial or complete inundation of two
or more acres of normally dry land area ... from: a. Overflow of inland or tidal
waters, b. Unusual and rapid accumulation or runoff of surface waters from any
source, c. Mudflow. 2. Collapse or subsidence of land along the shore of a lake
or similar body of water as a result of erosion or undermining caused by waves
or currents of water exceeding anticipated cyclical levels that result in a
flood as defined in A.1.a. above.

 Id.





n20.  See id.





n21.  Id.





n22.  Id.





n23.  See generally Disaster Relief Appropriations Act, 2013 Pub. L. No. 113-2,
127 Stat. 4 (Jan. 29, 2013).





n24.  Note, however, that BIB applicants may also have the option to sell their
Sandy-damaged properties to the state. Interested applicants are transferred
from BIB to NY Rising. See Acquisition for Redevelopment Program, N.Y.C.
Recovery, http://www.nyc.gov/html/recovery/html/
homeowners/acquisition-for-redevelopment.shtml (last visited Nov. 23, 2014).





n25.  Requirements for Grantees Receiving Community Development Block Grant
(CDBG) Disaster Recovery Funds in Response to Hurricane Sandy, 78 Fed. Reg.
14,329-48 (effective Mar. 11, 2013) [hereinafter Requirements for Grantees
Receiving CDBG].





n26.  Id. at 14,330.





n27.  See supra text accompanying notes 21-22.





n28.  See infra text accompanying note 35.





n29.  For more information on BIB, see the BIB website, which contains excellent
resources and publications that explain the program and eligibility criteria.
See Welcome to NYC Recovery, NY Rising, http://www.nyc.gov/recovery (last
visited Nov. 23, 2014).





n30.  See generally Disaster Relief Appropriations Act, 2013 Pub. L. No. 113-2,
127 Stat. 4 (Jan. 29, 2013). CDBG funds are available to distressed areas
resulting from a major disaster declared pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford
Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act of 1974, 42 U.S.C. §§5121-5207
(2012). See also Requirements for Grantees Receiving CDBG, supra note 25.





n31.  See generally N.Y. State Homes and Cmty. Renewal, State of New York Action
Plan for Community Development Block Grant Program Disaster Recovery (2013),
available at http://www.ny.gov/assets/documents/CDBGActionPlan.pdf.





n32.  Action Plan and Amendments, N.Y. Storm Recovery Resources Ctr.,
http://stormrecovery.ny.gov/action-plans-and-amendments (last visited Nov. 23,
2014).





n33.  Governor's Office of Storm Recovery, State of New York Action Plan
Amendment Number 6 to the Action Plan for Community Development Block Grant
Disaster Recovery 2 (2014), available at
http://www.stormrecovery.ny.gov/sites/default/files/
documents/second_allocation_apa_final_ clean_20140220v3.pdf.





n34.  NY Rising Housing Recovery Program, Homeowner Guidebook 2-4 (2014),
available at http://stormrecovery.ny.gov/sites/default/files/uploads/
homeowner_guidebook_040814.pdf.





n35.  Id. at 5-6; see also 42 U.S.C. § 5154a(a) (2006). The statute states:



   No Federal disaster relief assistance made available in a flood disaster area
may be used to make a payment (including any loan assistance payment) to a
person for repair, replacement, or restoration for damage to any personal,
residential, or commercial property if that person at any time has received
flood disaster assistance that was conditional on the person first having
obtained flood insurance under applicable Federal law and subsequently having
failed to obtain and maintain flood insurance as required under applicable
Federal law on such property.

 § 5154a(a).





n36.  NY Rising Housing Recovery Program, supra note 34, at 6 (emphasis added);
see also § 5154a(a).





n37.  Requirements for Grantees Receiving CDBG, supra note 25, at 14,344-45.





n38.  See supra text accompanying notes 34-35.





n39.  See supra text accompanying notes 21-22.





n40.  Black's Law Dictionary 1594 (9th ed. 2009). A "tax" is defined as: "A
[monetary] charge ... imposed by the government on persons, entities,
transactions, or property to yield public revenue." Id.





n41.  See supra Part III.


                              515 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                     The Northern Star (Clinton, Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 17, 2011

Countys Emergency Management Prioritizes Plans in Case of Flooding

BYLINE: The Northern Star staff

LENGTH: 632  words


With as much snow as the Big Stone Lake Area has received this winter, there is
a definite potential for flooding along Big Stone Lake. Big Stone County
Emergency Management and officials of Big Stone County are now in the planning
stages should flooding occur.

According to Big Stone County Emergency Management Director (EMD) Jim Hasslen,
the Big Stone County Commissioners have designated the following county
priorities in regards to flood fighting activities this spring and the actions
the county will take. They are:

-Priority One: Critical Infrastructure, which includes ensuring that power,
water and sanitation will continue without interruption.

-Priority Two-Primary Residence, which are defined as the place where the
homeowner is registered to vote. Big Stone County will participate in assisting
homeowners with sandbagging their residences.

-Priority Three-Rental properties or non-primary residences, such as vacation
homes or cabins. Big Stone County will not participate in sandbagging these
locations.

Unfortunately, this year Big Stone County will not be providing flood fighting
assistance to affected locations outside of Big Stone County. If owners of homes
on the South Dakota side of the lake need help or information about possible
flooding, they should contact their county's EMD for assistance.

The contact information for the Grant County or Roberts County EMD is: Sheryl
Mogard, Grant Co. EMD, 47789 151st St. Milbank, SD 57252 or phone 605-432-4637
or email sheryl. mogard (c)state, sd.us. In Roberts County contact Jim Pearson,
Roberts County EMD, 4111 2ndAve.E., Sisse-ton, SD 57262 or phone 605-880-0311 or
605-698-3800 or email Roberts.com@venturecomm.net

Big Stone County Emergency Management is purchasing 20,000 sandbags and will be
filling them with help from volunteers if it looks likely that there will be
flooding along the lake and if local flooding is imminent, they will assist in
sandbagging homes.

Unfortunately, due to budgetary restraints, the homeowner will be responsible
for either purchasing their own sandbagging supplies on their own or purchasing
sandbags from Big

Stone County at the cost of $. 17 a filled sandbag prior to receiving
sandbagging assistance.

To get a rough estimate, to sandbag a 100 foot section and have it three feet
high would require approximately 3,500 sandbags. In addition, you will need to
be present and have an available pump to keep water from seeping in around the
sandbags.

If you are concerned about possible damage to your property you will need to
consider purchasing flood insurance as soon as possibleiTKere is a 30 day
waiting period after you are accepted before the insurance will cover your
property, so it is not something you can do at the last minute.

Many homeowners believe that if their property is damaged due to a flood they
can expect to receive financial assistance from FEMA. Unfortunately, the damage
threshold needed to receive community, individual assistance is so high the
county would need to experience catastrophic flooding far worse than what we
received during the 1997 floods, which is something that is not likely even in
the worse case scenario. Therefore, seriously consider purchasing flood
insurance if you are concerned about possible flood damage.

Again, if your home is not your primary residence, Big Stone County will not be
assisting in sandbagging your residence. If you are concerned about potential
damage due to flooding, please start checking around now for people to help with
sandbagging. You will, however, be able to purchase sandbags from the county at
the cost of $.17 a filled sandbag if any are left over after they have addressed
Priority One and Two.

For further information or if you have any questions, contact Big Stone County
EMD Jim Hasslen at 320-839-6374.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Disaster and Accident

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NRS

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2011 The Northern Star


                              516 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Warren Advocate

                               December 16, 2010

Help available for local disaster areas

SECTION: NEWS - GENERAL

LENGTH: 1028  words


Rainfall in the Central West has caused flooding and subsequent damage and
possible stock and property losses.

In this region the State Government has declared the local government areas of
Coonamble, Dubbo, Warren, Narromine, Gilgandra, Wellington, Parkes, Warrumbungle
and Mid Western Regional natural disaster areas, allowing financial assistance
to flow to affected communities.

Loans of up to $130 000 are available, subject to certain availability criteria,
at a concessional interest rate of 2.77 per cent for those in urgent need.

These loans may be used to meet carry-on requirements and the replacement of
livestock and infrastructure.

The repayment term is preceded by a two-year interest and repayment-free period.
Claims must be lodged within six months of the declared date of the disaster.

For more information or forms contact the NSW Rural Assistance Authority on 1800
678 593 or www.raa.nsw.gov.au Similar assistance is available to small business.

Industry and Investment NSW will rebate 50 per cent of the transport costs for
movement of stock from flood areas to agistment, fodder to the flooded area and
stock from agistment to flood area.

These rebates apply to primary producers in areas affected by flood in NSW,
subject to eligibility criteria. Maximum subsidy available is $15,000 per annum.

Claims must be submitted not more than six months after first movement. Submit
all claim forms to your Livestock Health and Pest Authority with invoices,
receipts and other documentation.

Forms are available from your local LHPA office, Rural Support Worker or
download from www.dpi.nsw.gov.au/agriculture/emergency/flood

Additional assistance includes consideration for deferral of payments on NSW
Rural Assistance Authority loans is available, where temporary repayment
difficulties as a result of natural disaster can be demonstrated. Contact RAA.

Community Services (formerly DoCS) can provide disaster relief grants to
eligible individuals and families whose homes and essential household items have
been destroyed or damaged.

Inquiries about the disaster relief grants and the eligibility criteria may be
made by contacting Community Services Disaster Recovery Centre on 1800 018 444.

Rural financial counsellors in all areas can help with the completion of forms
and advice regarding criteria for this assistance.

All affected primary producers are urged to report damage or stock losses, once
they become known, to the Industry and Investment NSW hotline 1800 814 647.

It is imperative that all losses are reported so the State Government can
request further assistance from the Federal Government if the reported
information indicates a need.

With increased amounts of water lying around mosquitoes are abundant.

Ross River Fever is a virus spread by mosquitoes and is most commonly associated
with fever, rash and joint pains. Incubation is about a week and diagnosis is
made by blood test.

There are no specific treatments. Aspirin and other analgesics can help.

Forecasts indicate the possibility of more rain. Stock up on food (for your
family and your animals) medicines, batteries (for torch and portable radio),
first aid kit, matches and candles.

Put valuables and important papers in a high, dry place. A spare cylinder of gas
for the barbecue is handy if the power is out for a while.

Do you know your property's coordinates? It is helpful when requesting aerial or
emergency assistance if you can give these. Google is a good resource.

Find your homestead and note down the coordinates where you can easily access
them (near the phone).

Do not enter and do not allow children to play in floodwaters.

There have been many reports of snakes in these floodwaters, not to mention
animal bodies and droppings which all pose a health hazard.

Agency contact numbers: Anglicare 13 26 22, Salvation Army Dubbo 6884 9212, St
Vincent de Paul Wilcannia /Forbes Diocese 6852 4227,  NSW Rural Mental Health

Support Line 1800 201 123 or the GWAHS Mental Health Information and

Support Service on 1800 011 511. If you need emergency assistance contact your
local SES 132 500

Stock issues: Are your stock getting enough hay or grain in their ration to
provide energy for late pregnancy and lactation?

Is there enough roughage to discourage stock from eating weeds that may be
harmful? Have you removed baling twine from food drop zones, to prevent stock
injury and wool contamination?

Have other stock been boxed with yours? They may have lice? Is your boundary
secure?

When a flood occurs, blowflies and strike in sheep will be a greater or lesser
problem depending on shearing date, blood line (susceptibility) and whether the
flood has occurred in cooler or warmer months.

When susceptible sheep are saturated to the skin by heavy rain or floodwaters,
resultant fleece rot or dermo will attract blowflies if weather stays warm.

If farmers are able to quickly get to sheep after floodwaters recede and before
flies become active, use of a spray or a product based on cyromazine (such as
Vetrazin® spray-on) or dicyclanil (such as Clik®) could be used to give
long-term protection.

If sheep have already been struck, a product based on diflubenzuron, such as
Fleece Care® or Strike® could be applied by hand jetting. Producers should
follow instructions on the label when using chemicals.

Consider shearing as soon as possible. Tender and water damaged wools incur
discounts.

If you are shearing early, consider the long-term implications of a new shearing
time in your future farm management.

After heavy rain or flooding, worms can be a significant problem. Don't guess,
WormTest (worm egg count).

There is a risk for unvaccinated lambs and weaners grazing lush pasture growth
following the receding flood waters. Vaccination with 6-in-1 against pulpy
kidney and other clostridial diseases is very effective and should be carried
out as soon as practical to do so.

Likewise, bloat will appear if the weather stays warm. The most dangerous
pastures are clovers and lucerne.

Watch for prolific growth of weeds, especially any unusual plants.

Heartworm will be spreading among your dogs due to mosquito build-up.

Your local vet can provide advice on methods of prevention.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2010 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              517 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                             April 29, 2016 Friday
                                 State Edition

County extends disaster declaration after recent rains

BYLINE: Mary Huber Austin Community Newspapers

SECTION: METR; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 414 words


The Bastrop County Commissioners Court extended its disaster declaration for the
county this week after as much as 10 inches of rain fell in parts of the county
last week.

Emergency management officials are continuing to clear debris from roads and
take stock of damage following the recent flooding, which began April 18.

When emergency management coordinator Mike Fisher surveyed the area last week,
after significant storms had passed, he guessed damages totaled around $700,000.

The threshold for Bastrop County to qualify for public assistance from the
federal government is $265,000. The federal aid would cover debris cleanup,
damage to infrastructure, including roads and bridges, and any water rescues or
overtime by fire departments and other emergency officials. It would not,
however, provide assistance to individuals who might have damage to their homes.

Fisher estimated as many as 30 homes suffered flood damage, with water reaching
into living spaces. Many of those were concentrated in Smithville, about a dozen
along Northeast Seventh Street, between Faulkner Road and Marburger Street, he
said.

"It came up pretty fast," resident Mike Johnston said of the flood waters, which
rose as high as 14 inches, he estimated, on his street.

"We were lucky we didn't get more damage than we got. Those people up the
street, we feel sorry for them," Johnston said, pointing to a house down the
road he said has flooded four times.

Four Texas counties will receive individual assistance from the federal
government for flood damage, in the form of grants and disaster loans. The four
are Harris, Fayette, Grimes and Parker counties. Texas Gov. Greg Abbott
submitted that request Sunday. Bastrop County was not included, but Judge Paul
Pape said on Twitter that county flood victims hope to be added to the list
soon.

Fisher said people with damaged homes in Bastrop County will have to be
reimbursed by their flood insurance, pay out of pocket for repairs or seek
assistance from the Bastrop County Long-Term Recovery Team, a relief group that
helps the uninsured and underinsured with damage from natural disasters.

On Monday, Bastrop County officials did authorize the use of public funds to
repair damage to several private roads along Park Road 1C, in the footprint of
the Hidden Pines Fire. A private company is expected to clear fallen trees from
the area and will not be able to do so since many of the roads are impassable
from storm damage.

Contact Mary Huber at 512-321-2557 x21.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              518 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                           December 16, 1996, Monday,

ASSISTANCE FOR FLOOD VICTIMS POURS IN;
 BUT SOME IN YORK AND CUMBERLAND COUNTIES REMAIN FRUSTRATED EIGHT WEEKS AFTER
THE STORM.

BYLINE: John Richardson Staff Writer

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 727 words


Millions of dollars in federal disaster aid have begun flowing into southern
Maine to help pay for repairs to roads and bridges washed out during the
record-breaking storm and flooding of Oct. 20-22.

Over $ 3 million more in loans and grants has gone to residents in York and
Cumberland counties to repair personal property damaged by the storm, say state
and county emergency management officials.

''We were, I think, pleased to get the first refund as quickly as we did,'' said
Gorham Town Manager David Cole. Gorham has received $ 87,000 to repair roads,
bridges and other public property, and has been approved to receive $ 100,000
more.

Homeowners got assistance more quickly because their applications didn't require
complex engineering assessments, said Cumberland County Emergency Management
director George Flaherty.

Estimates of total damage - now about $ 8.5 million in Maine's two southernmost
counties - are still growing as assessments continue and as homeowers continue
to report damage.

''I've had probably five calls this week from people who haven't made claims
yet'' for damage to their homes or personal property, said Robert Bohlmann,
director of emergency management in York County.

The deadline for relief applications is Dec. 27.

The freak storm dumped more than one foot of rain on much of southern Maine,
washing out roads and bridges, cutting off drinking water to Greater Portland
and closing businesses and schools.

So far, Cumberland and York counties have received about $ 500,000 of $ 4.5
million in approved Federal Emergency Management Grants for repairs of public
property.

Those grants make up the biggest chunk of disaster relief assistance, covering
75 percent of the damage. Communities and the state pay the rest.

Not everyone is helped

President Clinton's declaration of a federal disaster at the end of October
started the process for getting disaster aid to communities and residents.

But it didn't provide relief for everybody. Some owners of damaged property in
southern Maine ended up in the limbo of complex disaster relief rules.

William Partanen lives on a road in Scarborough that was partly washed away
during the storm and still has a hole 20 feet wide and as deep as 15 feet.
Partanen and his neighbors must drive around the hole carefully to get home, and
they don't risk it when it's icy, he said.

But Cranberry Pines Road won't be fixed with federal money because it is
maintained by the Cranberry Pines Association - the owners of the street's 13
homes - and not the town.

The residents couldn't win a grant for personal property, either, because the
road is more than just an individual driveway, which might have qualified for a
family grant.

''As long as it's black or white, it's been taken care of. If it's the least bit
gray, forget it,'' said Partanen, president of the association.

The road is just under a mile long, and repairs would cost more than $ 50,000,
he said.

4 percent loan approved

On Friday, nearly eight weeks after the storm, the association got approval for
a disaster loan with 4 percent interest from the Small Business Administration.
''We should have the monies within the next two weeks,'' Partanen said.

Some property owners in North Berwick had the same problem when they applied for
assistance to repair a dam on Bauneg Beg Pond. The dam didn't qualify for public
or individual property aid because it's owned by an association of property
owners. They decided not to try for a loan and are raising money.

The owner of Anjon's Italian Restaurant on Route 1 in Scarborough also is
frustrated, and is even welcoming offers to buy the building. He said he can't
even qualify for a disaster loan for the $ 200,000-$ 300,000 he estimates it
would cost to repair damage from the flood.

''It's devastating,'' said John J. DiSanto. The restaurant has been in his
family for 40 years and employed more than 30 people.

''There's money available for residential homes, but nothing available that I
know of for businesses,'' he said. ''I made some calls and wrote the governor.
I'm a little puzzled.''
______________________________________________________________________________

For links to Internet information on flooding and an account of October's flood,
see the Press Herald's World Wide Web site: www.portland.com

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 1996 Guy Gannett Communications, Inc.


                              519 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 13, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Flood insurance: The time to buy is while it's dry

LENGTH: 422 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Federal Emergency Management Agency has issued the following news
release:



 Until it happens to them, most people don't realize that even an inch or two of
water can cause thousands of dollars in damage. During the recent floods in
Missouri, thousands experienced the trauma of flooded homes and businesses. The
toll not only includes the heartbreak of losing precious possessions, but
financial hardship, especially for those who don't have flood insurance.





 Spring, when flooding is typically most severe, has arrived. But you can still
purchase a National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP) policy to protect your home
and its contents or your business. Remember - there is a 30-day waiting period
before a policy takes effect.



 Homeowners' insurance doesn't cover flood damage, but the NFIP does. Funded by
the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), NFIP makes flood insurance
available for communities that participate in the program, regardless of whether
the area is high, low, or medium risk. NFIP carries a maximum coverage of
$250,000 for homes and $100,000 for contents. Business coverage is a maximum of
$500,000 for building and $500,000 for contents.



 Many Missouri residents decided to buy flood insurance to protect against the
risk of flooding. The amount of claims paid to homeowners and renters with flood
insurance is more than double the amount of FEMA grants and U.S. Small Business
Administration (SBA) loans in several counties designated for federal assistance
for damages from the recent flooding:



     In Taney County, the National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP) paid
policyholders more than $4.2 million in claims. Comparably, FEMA and SBA paid a
total of $416,724 in grants and loans.



     In St. Louis County, NFIP paid policyholders more than $14.3 million in
claims, while loans and grants to St. Louis County residents totaled more than
$6.8 million.



     In Phelps County, NFIP paid nearly $1.9 million to policyholders while FEMA
and SBA assistance was $254,254.



 FEMA Individual Assistance can pay for losses not covered by insurance such as
temporary rental assistance. Flood insurance can potentially provide your family
with much more money - up to $350,000 - after a flood.



 It's also important to remember that NFIP insurance covers flood damage
regardless of where there is a federal disaster declaration. That is another
benefit of being covered by insurance.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              520 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 2, 2014 Saturday

Michaud Applauds Over $375,000 in Grants to Sorrento and Corinth Fire
Departments

LENGTH: 160  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Mike Michaud, U.S Government has issued
the following news release:

Today Congressman Mike Michaud announced that the Sorrento Fire Department and
the Corinth Fire Department will collectively receive more than $375,000 for new
fire trucks through FEMA's Assistance to Firefighters Grant program. Sorrento
will be awarded $232,750 for a new tanker truck, used for transporting large
amounts of water to emergencies, while Corinth's grant of $142,500 will fund a
new pumper truck--equipped to project water onto burning buildings.

"This funding will ensure that the Sorrento and Corinth fire departments have
the vehicles they need to respond to emergencies efficiently, effectively, and
safely," said Michaud.  "Supporting Maine's firefighters means providing them
with first-rate equipment, and these grants from FEMA will help them to best
protect our communities."

For further information please visit: http://michaud.house.gov

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              521 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            October 24, 2004 Sunday

$200,000 in grants bolster flood relief

BYLINE: Alyson Walls

LENGTH: 415 words


Thanks to a local foundation, two charitable agencies will be able to continue
helping victims of September's devastating flooding.

The Sarah Scaife Foundation granted $100,000 to the American Red Cross of
Southwestern Pennsylvania and another $100,000 to the Salvation Army, Western
Pennsylvania Division, to aid ongoing flood relief efforts.

"Specifically, these funds are to help communities hardest hit by the rains
resulting from Hurricane Ivan," foundation Executive Vice President Michael
Gleba said in a news release.

Thousands of families in Carnegie, Etna, Millvale and Sharpsburg lost their
homes and possessions, and entire business districts were destroyed when the
remnants of the hurricane dumped nearly 6 inches of rain on the region Sept. 17.

"The need is still just tremendous," said Tim Tassone, chief executive of the
American Red Cross of Southwestern Pennsylvania. "I don't think there's ever
been a greater disaster in Southwestern Pennsylvania."

Tassone said the grant enables the agency to fulfill its mission of establishing
emergency shelters during natural disasters, delivering food, water and cleaning
supplies and helping victims recover a sense of normalcy in their lives.

"This grant is an enormous help to us to provide those kinds of services," he
said. "It's just another example of the generous, overwhelming response we've
had from people throughout Western Pennsylvania."

The agency has helped more than 1,000 families obtain financial and other types
of assistance.

Salvation Army spokeswoman Ginny Knorr said the flooding has caused numerous
secondary problems, and officials expect to see an increase in the demand for
traditional assistance as the holidays approach.

"Many flood victims have already signed up for Christmas aid," Knorr said.
"We've had about 200 families from Carnegie alone."

Since the flooding, Knorr said the agency has served more than 4,000 families
with temporary housing, hotel vouchers, furniture and other items. The agency
also has installed 450 gas hot water heaters and 25 major appliances courtesy of
Sears.

Knorr said the grant from the Sarah Scaife Foundation comes at just the right
time.

"We will be going back and contacting all the families we have served to see how
they are doing and what else they might need," she said, adding that money
received at the Western Division's headquarters does not leave the state.

"Any extra money that's left over will go into the disaster fund for the next
event," she said.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2004 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              522 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                       July 20, 2015 Monday 1:25 PM  EST

UNDERSTANDING INDIVIDUAL ASSISTANCE AND PUBLIC ASSISTANCE

LENGTH: 510 words


AUSTIN, Texas, July 20 -- The U.S. Department of Homeland Security's Federal
Emergency Management Agency issued the following press release:

The Federal Emergency Management Agency provides two main types of assistance
following natural disasters, such as the Texas storms, tornadoes, straight-line
winds and flooding that occurred May 4 through June 19.

Individual Assistance is provided by the Federal Emergency Management Agency
(FEMA) to individuals and families who have sustained losses due to disasters.

* Texas homeowners, renters and business owners in designated counties who
sustained damage to their homes, vehicles, personal property, businesses or
inventory as a result of the May 4 through June 19 severe storms and floods may
apply for disaster assistance.

* Disaster assistance may include grants to help pay for temporary housing,
emergency home repairs, uninsured and underinsured personal property losses, and
medical, dental and funeral expenses caused by the disaster, along with other
serious disaster-related expenses.

* Disaster assistance grants are not taxable income and will not affect
eligibility for Social Security, Medicaid, medical waiver programs, welfare
assistance, Temporary Assistance for Needy Families, food stamps, Supplemental
Security Income or Social Security Disability Insurance.

* As a FEMA partner, the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) offers
low-interest disaster loans to businesses of all sizes, private non-profit
organizations, homeowners and renters. SBA disaster loans are the primary source
of federal long-term disaster recovery funds for disaster damages not fully
covered by insurance or other compensation. They do not duplicate benefits of
other agencies or organizations.

Public Assistance can fund the repair, restoration, reconstruction or
replacement of a public facility or infrastructure damaged or destroyed by a
disaster.

* FEMA will provide a reimbursement grant of 75 percent of eligible costs, with
the state and local governments sharing the remaining 25 percent of costs.
Eligible entities include state governments, local governments and any other
political subdivision of the state, Native American tribes and Alaskan Native
Villages. Certain private nonprofit organizations, such as educational, utility,
irrigation, emergency, medical, rehabilitation, and temporary or permanent
custodial care facilities also may receive assistance.

* Although funds are awarded to government entities and nonprofits, the Public
Assistance program is intended to benefit everyone - neighborhoods, cities,
counties and states. Public Assistance dollars help clean up communities
affected by disaster-related debris, repair the roads and bridges people use
every day getting to work and school, put utilities and water systems back in
order, repair hospitals and emergency services, rebuild schools and
universities, and restore playground equipment in public parks. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              523 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                            January 17, 2003 Friday
                                  Late Edition

Drought aid a mere trickle

BYLINE: Darren Gray, with AAP

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 717 words


Emergency income assistance from the Federal Government's latest drought
initiative is only trickling through to drought-stricken farmers.

New figures show that battling farmers across the nation have shared only $1.6
million of emergency funds under the scheme announced that Prime Minister John
Howard announced with fanfare last month.

The government had budgeted $134.4 million for emergency assistance, Mr Howard
said then.

But only 1056 farmers are receiving the "interim income support", worth up to
$670 a fortnight over six months for a farming couple. The farmers, including
495 Victorians, have received an average of $1532 each.

More Victorians are receiving the emergency cash assistance, delivered via
Centrelink, than farmers in any other state. In New South Wales, 462 farmers are
receiving the grants, along with 92 Queenslanders and seven South Australians.

When Mr Howard announced the package last month, he said the drought was having
an "immense impact on rural Australia and is one of the most severe in the past
100 years . . . these comprehensive measures will provide financial support to
farmers and communities hardest hit by the drought".

The income assistance is available for farmers in areas suffering a
one-in-20-year drought over the nine months from March to November last year. To
receive the help, farmers must also meet income and asset tests.

The 1056 farmers come from 2823 who have applied for aid. A spokesman for
Agriculture Minister Warren Truss said about 10 per cent of applications had
been rejected.

The spokesman defended the pace at which the assistance was reaching farmers,
saying it was "early days".

"We have got five months to run and it's backdated (to the Prime Minister's
December 9 announcement)," he said.

"People will access it when they need it. And historically for all drought
relief, it's never a flood; it's a trickle and it just builds and builds and
builds until the end of it."

The government's estimate of take-up rates was based on experience, he said.

The interim assistance figures provided by the government are as at January 15.

Acting Agriculture Minister Ian Macdonald last night urged farmers to apply for
help.

"I understand that sometimes country folk are reluctant to seek out what they
think is charity, but I say to them that the rest of Australia understands their
difficulties and are prepared to assist," Mr Macdonald said.

He said the number of applications for help was expected to rise rapidly over
coming weeks.

Five-and-a-half weeks ago Mr Howard announced a wide-ranging package estimated
to cost the government $368 million over three years.

In addition to the interim income support, the government said it would provide
interest rate subsidies on loans of up to $100,000 to help farmers replant once
the drought breaks, to buy new animals and to keep key breeding herds intact.

Mr Truss' spokesman could not say how many farmers would receive interest rate
subsidies.

While the new assistance is flowing slower than a dry outback creek bed, the
Federal Government has delivered a further $44.3 million of "exceptional
circumstances" and interest rate assistance to help farmers fight the drought.

This assistance goes as far back as August, 2001, and covers farmers in four
states: Queensland, $25.2 million; Western Australia, $17.8 million; Tasmania,
$1.1 million; and New South Wales, $282,000.

The Australian Bureau of Statistics has said the drought will wipe $5.1 billion
from agricultural production this financial year.

· No rain and warm weather has reduced Melbourne's water storage levels to 49.8
per cent. At the same time last year reservoir levels stood at 58.3 per cent.

Melbourne Water managing director Brian Bayley said water levels were continuing
to drop by about 0.1 per cent a day with no rainfall across the metropolitan
area or in the catchments.

"With warm weather forecast for the next few days and predictions for continuing
dry weather, we encourage people to continue to save water wherever possible,"
Mr Bayley said.

Melbourne was put under stage one water restrictions on October 29 when the
water storage level dropped to 54.1 per cent. Under the restrictions, garden
sprinklers are limited during the day, buckets are required for washing cars and
permits are required to fill spas and pools. -- with AAP

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: The government has pledged interest rate subsidies to help
farmers replant once the drought breaks, and to buy new animals. PICTURE: JOE
ARMAO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2003 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              524 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           September 16, 2007 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

FLOODS SOAKED TOWN, U.S. LEFT IT HIGH AND DRY;
THOUGH IT SUFFERED HEAVY DAMAGE, BAGLEY CAN'T GET FEMA AID.

BYLINE: By GEORGE HESSELBERG ghesselberg@madison.com 608-252-6140

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1155 words


While the sea seemed to be crashing in all around southwestern Wisconsin one
weekend in August, the 350 residents of the village of Bagley in Grant County
could only say to their neighbors: "Welcome to our world."

Having weathered a disastrous flood a month earlier, they were already between a
river and a wet place. As the Mississippi mud moves back and millions of dollars
in damages are revealed, an anomaly of the calendar has left soggy villagers
uncomfortably low and still exposed.

Because their flood happened in July, the residents of Bagley are not eligible
for aid from the Federal Emergency Management Agency.

In fact, say local and county officials, FEMA has not only failed to help, it
has exacerbated the pain. In one case, it gave a woman who had lost her entire
home in Bagley a sum of $28,000, only to demand its return when it was
discovered she lost her house in the wrong flood.

"It's a mighty sore point," said Roger Straka, village president.

FEMA is following rules that allow it to give disaster assistance in 14 counties
that were declared disaster areas after Aug. 18. That includes Grant County, but
Bagley was flooded July 18 and, said Straka, "it just never quit raining."

"Yeah, FEMA was here about three weeks ago, and they never finished their
inspection tour," said Straka. "They walked out on us. They wanted to know how
it was we had cleaned up so well. We had 200 volunteers in one day. They said
all they were worried about was what happened in August, not July."

Even now, in September, "it's still a mudhole," said Straka.

"We tried to get FEMA down here right away but our damage assessment was not
enough to justify it. What I don't understand is how someone in Wauzeka with
three inches of water in their basement in August can get aid while a relative
who lost a house and two cars here and they're not getting a damn thing," he
said.

"It was a loss of property, it was a natural disaster, and this hurts us and is
going to hurt us in many ways, including the loss of a tax base," he said.

Marty Bahamonde, a FEMA spokesman, said his agency is following the rules when
it comes to Bagley.

"They are certainly eligible for disaster assistance there," he said,
tantalizingly, then delivers the qualifier: "with an incident period between
Aug. 18 and 31."

The initial flooding was in July, and the damages from that flood are not
covered by any FEMA assistance because there wasn't any disaster declaration, he
said.

He said if a resident can prove damage occurred after Aug. 18 in the subsequent
flooding, say to repairs made from the damage from the July 18 flooding, then
that would be eligible for assistance.

One Bagley resident, Connie Skaife, was scheduled to receive a second visit this
past weekend from a FEMA inspector. Her home was destroyed in the July 18 flood.

When she heard Grant County was on the disaster area list, she called FEMA,
filled in forms via the Internet and met an inspector who confirmed that yes,
her two-bedroom cottage - with screen porch and deck- was gone.

A few days later, she was surprised to find that $28,200 showed up in her bank
account. Not enough for a new house, but enough to get started.

Then FEMA realized that the her home was damaged in the July 18 flood, not the
Aug. 18 flood. FEMA asked for the money back.

Skaife now lives with her 17-year-old son temporarily in a one-bedroom apartment
paid for with emergency assistance from the state. Though she is employed full
time, she is not in any financial position to build a new house. She does not
consider the FEMA assistance a handout: "I'm 58 and I've worked full time and
paid taxes damn near all my life," she said.

She was honest with FEMA about her obvious loss, and said FEMA was very polite
in its dealing with her, but she has no idea what to do next. She bought a
run-down camper to put on her muddy lot, when that becomes possible, but "I
can't even begin to start to put my life back together."

Straka, the village president, was angered by such a process, but Bahamonde said
it was agreed, between FEMA and Skaife, that the damage happened before the
declared disaster period.

"It was a miscommunication ... she has to give the money back," he said.

Skaife is one of many who need the assistance, say Grant County emergency
government officials, and state emergency government has stepped in with limited
assistance.

Bagley did not meet minimum damage standards of $6 million to qualify for a
disaster declaration, said Lori Getter, state emergency government spokesperson.
Damage estimates are at about $2.1 million.

Small Business Administration loans were offered at low interest, said Getter,
and six loans in Bagley totaling $244,000 were granted.

But, said Steve Braun, director of Grant County's emergency government, many of
Bagley's residents are either too poor to be able to pay back a loan or have too
much income to be eligible.

Getter also noted that WHEDA and the Red Cross helped pay rent for displaced
residents - such as Connie Skaife - and the state Commerce Department makes
disaster assistance housing grants to municipalities and low income individuals.

"Is it enough to make everyone whole? No," she said.

"It does seem unfair," said Getter, "when a community 20 miles away is getting
grants for less damage from a different time and a different storm system, but
those are the rules."

The storms that hit Bagley in July provided 7 inches and more of rain, washing
debris into drainage areas, clogging a railroad bridge. Some flooding hit almost
every home in Bagley, and at least 50 had major damage; 24 were destroyed or
unsalvageable, more than 250 had sewer backups and more than 100 had significant
water - up to the rafters - in the basements.

County officials are only slightly hopeful the federal authorities would
consider the Bagley flood the beginning of a month's worth of storm-related
disasters.

"We are extremely disappointed that people in Bagley have not been given the
opportunity to apply for FEMA funding. We feel the Bagley damage was part of one
long incident and not one single separate incident," said Julie Loeffelholz,
Grant County assistant director of emergency government.

"The heaviest rains began back in July and it rained almost every single day
from then to the end of August," she said, thus putting Bagley into the Aug. 18
disaster starting date.

As of Friday, FEMA reported 3,300 homeowners and renters have applied for
federal disaster grants to recover from flooding in 14 southern counties, and
applications "continue to roll in."

An additional 132 people have applied for the FEMA flooding grants from counties
not declared disaster areas.

By last Friday, FEMA had paid $4.4 million to 1,668 homeowners and renters, for
an average grant of $2,637.

The maximum grant that can be awarded is $28,200, and that was the amount
awarded to the temporarily homeless Connie Skaife, the only Bagley resident to
get a FEMA flood check, which she had to return.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: STEVE APPS -- State Journal archives A storm dumped more than 7 inches
of rain and triggered flooding the morning of July 18 that damaged most of the
400 homes in Bagley. State Journal graphic Map of the location of the town of
Bagley

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              525 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Northern Daily Leader

                             March 31, 2014 Monday

Liverpool Plains included in state drought package

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 417 words


FRUSTRATED Liverpool Plains Shire farmers have finally received the news they've
been waiting for with the NSW government announcing the shire is now eligible
for emergency drought-assistance measures.

Primary Industries Minister Katrina Hodgkinson last Friday said the $14.6
million package had been expanded to include the Liverpool Plains, Mid-Western,
Gloucester and Oberon local government areas.

Liverpool Plains Shire mayor Ian Lobsey said he was relieved the area had
finally been recognised for extra assistance, after what had been a
"frustrating" six-week wait.

The shire had been lobbying for access to the measures since Ms Hodgkinson
visited the region in mid-February to announce the government's initial $7.6
million package had been expanded to $14.6 million and extended to include an
additional 20 local government areas.

While neighbouring shires and most across the region were included, Liverpool
Plains was omitted, much to the council's dismay.

"It's unbelievable, the situation is no different here than elsewhere. People
are running out of feed and some are running out of water, and when that happens
we're in real trouble," Cr Lobsey said in February, saying it was ludicrous it
should come down to "lines on a map".

Last Friday, though, there was relief, with Cr Lobsey describing it as
"wonderful news", particularly the fact the assistance has been back-dated to
February 1.

"It's been a frustrating wait since the (February) announcement, when we were
left bewildered after being excluded," he said.

"There's some real benefit (in the measures) for people who are badly affected
... and I know they're out there, because I've had many farmers ringing me who
are obviously really hurting."

Cr Lobsey said last week's rain provided some short-term relief, but there was
still a long way to go.

Ms Hodgkinson said while the rain was welcome, the Regional Assistance Advisory
Committee and Local Land Services would continue to closely monitor conditions
and provide regular advice to the government. "This drought has had disastrous
impacts on rural and regional communities in NSW and in many cases it will take
years to recover," she said.

The emergency assistance measures include:

n up to $20,000 per producer in the form of transport assistance reimbursements;

n up to $30,000 per producer for emergency water infrastructure grants; and

n the waiving of Western Lands Lease payments, Local Land Services rates and
Wild Dog Destruction Board rates for a 12-month period, where applicable.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              526 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            June 04, 1998, Thursday

HOUSE ABOUT THIS FOR FLOOD RX?

BYLINE: By ROBERT GEARTY

SECTION: Suburban; Pg.  7

LENGTH: 327 words


Rich Ornstein's home on Arthur Ave. in Freeport has been flooded a few times
over the years.

"I've had as much as 21/2 feet of water in my home. I've had two cars totaled,"
he said.

Relief is on the way.

The Federal Emergency Management Agency yesterday awarded Freeport a $ 500,000
grant to keep homes from being flooded after major storms.

"It's a savior, to the home and to the whole town," said Ornstein, 52.

The grant will be used to raise the foundations of 23 homes, including
Ornstein's, above the flood line. The estimated cost is $ 30,000 to $ 50,000 per
home, 75% of which will be borne by FEMA, the rest by the homeowner.

All of the homes sit low to the ground and are on streets near the Woodcleft
Canal. They are particularly vulnerable to flooding after storms, especially
during periods of high tides or a full moon.

James Witt, FEMA director, said Freeport was designated a Project Impact
community as part of a nationwide initiative to create hundreds of
disaster-resistant communities.

Freeport is one of 50 towns across the country chosen for the program. Rye, in
Westchester County, is the only other metropolitan area community selected.

"FEMA invited Freeport to participate as a Project Impact community because of
its high risk for hurricanes, nor'easters and back-bay flooding and for the
actions already under way in the community to reduce the effects of disasters,"
said Lynn Canton, FEMA regional director.

In addition to receiving the grant, the designation also makes Freeport eligible
for technical assistance from FEMA on the best ways to combat coastal problems.

Freeport Mayor William Glacken said he was looking forward to implementing new
strategies for reducing the impact of flooding and other storm-related
disasters.

Ornstein said the foundation of his house will be raised about 3 feet. The work
is expected to take three weeks and is expected to begin by the end of summer.

LOAD-DATE: June 04, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1998 Daily News, L.P.


                              527 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 9, 2014 Wednesday

Minnesota: Governor Dayton Requests Presidential Disaster Declaration

LENGTH: 886  words

DATELINE: Saint Paul


Office of the Governor, The State of Minnesota has issued the following press
release:

Today, Governor Mark Dayton requested that President Barack Obama declare a
major disaster in Minnesota as a result of heavy rainstorms and flooding that
began June 11. In a letter to President Obama, Governor Dayton described
widespread flood damage across Minnesota, and noted that he has expanded the
state's peacetime state of emergency to include 16 additional counties -
bringing the total counties impacted to 51.

To date, $10.8 million in eligible damages have been documented through
preliminary damage assessments in Chippewa, Freeborn, Jackson, Murray, Nobles,
Pipestone, Renville, and Rock counties. The FEMA threshold for federal
assistance is $7.3 million in statewide eligible damages.

In his letter to the President, Governor Dayton said 31 counties and one
American Indian tribe have reported more than $55 million in response costs and
uninsured damages to public infrastructure. The Minnesota Department of Public
Safety Division of Homeland Security and Emergency Management (HSEM), FEMA, and
county emergency managers are continuing to assess damage in affected counties.

Governor Dayton noted that preliminary damage assessments are coming in higher
than initial estimates, and because some of the hardest hit areas won't be able
to be assessed for several weeks, he is requesting a federal disaster
declaration now. The Governor said once all preliminary damage assessments are
complete, he will formally request FEMA designate assistance for all additional
counties and tribal governments that exceed their threshold.

Most of the damage reported by local officials is to roads and bridges. Local
governments also expended significant resources to protect their communities
from floodwaters and for cleanup operations caused by mudslides and sinkholes.

If granted by the President, the disaster declaration would provide assistance
to townships, cities, counties, schools, and certain private not-for-profit
organizations for uninsured and eligible storm-related damage to public
infrastructure.

Examples of eligible expenses would include:

Debris Removal
    Emergency Protective Services
    Repair or replacement of storm-damaged:
        Roads and Bridges
        Water control facilities
        Buildings and equipment
        Municipal utilities
        Parks and recreational facilities

If the President declares a major disaster, FEMA would fund 75 percent of
approved costs. Under legislation signed by Governor Dayton this year, the state
will pay the 25 percent non-federal share.

The Governor's letter also requests that the declaration include funding for the
Hazard Mitigation Grant Program. All counties in the state would be eligible to
apply for assistance under this program which provides funding to state and
local governments and certain private not-for-profit organizations to prevent or
reduce long-term risk to life and property from natural hazards.

Governor Expands Peacetime State of Emergency to Include 16 More Counties
Governor Dayton today issued Executive Order 14-12, expanding the peacetime
state of emergency in Minnesota to include the following 16 counties: Anoka,
Chippewa, Chisago, Dakota, Hennepin, Itasca, Kandiyohi, Lac Qui Parle, Martin,
Marshall, Stearns, Wabasha, Washington, Watonwan, Wright, and Yellow Medicine. A
full copy of the Governor's Executive Order is available here.

Disaster Declaration Process
When an event occurs that is beyond the response and recovery capabilities of
local and state governments, the State initiates a process to seek Federal
assistance.

Local and state officials conduct an initial impact assessment.
    This occurs shortly after the storm when local officials inform HSEM which
facilities in their community are impacted, damage, impacts to the communities
and their demographics.

HSEM requests FEMA to conduct a preliminary damage assessment.
    Teams from the affected county, HSEM and FEMA conduct the assessment. They
view the damage and collect the cost estimates from county officials. Each
county must meet its individual threshold which is defined as population times
$3.50. The state must also meet a threshold of $7.3 million statewide.

HSEM prepares the governor's request for a disaster declaration.
    A letter details the event and cites National Weather Service data. It must
document factors that determine severity, magnitude and impact. It also
documents what local officials did to respond to the emergency.

Local input regarding impact to the community is gathered and incorporated in
the letter. This includes the amount and type of damage, impact on
infrastructure, impact on essential services, concentration of damage, level of
insurance coverage, assistance available from other sources, and if there is an
imminent threat to public health and safety.

Governor submits the letter to the president through FEMA.
    FEMA reviews and sends the letter, with its recommendation to the president.
The president is the only one with authority to grant a Presidential Disaster
Declaration.  If assistance programs are approved, HSEM officials work in
partnership with FEMA to assistance disaster victims in their application for
funds.

For further information please visit: http://mn.gov/governor/

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              528 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 9, 1999, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Rethinking U.S. Response To Calls for Disaster Relief

BYLINE: By RONALD SMOTHERS

SECTION: Section B; Page 5; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 811 words

DATELINE: NEWARK, Oct. 8


In short order, a summer drought and a late-summer tropical storm dealt a
punishing one-two punch to the Northeast. Now they are challenging the Federal
Government's traditional ways of responding to disasters.

Senator Robert G. Torricelli of New Jersey has complained in Congress that
Northeastern farmers are not getting their fair share of drought relief,
compared with aid that other parts of the country have received for past
catastrophes. Two New Jersey colleagues, Senator Frank R. Lautenberg and
Representative Marge Roukema, have taken up the cause of small-business owners,
wiped out by the floods after Tropical Storm Floyd, who clamor that the system
has a blind spot for their problems.

But these calls for greater and more focused help come as Federal officials are
trying to get a tighter rein on disaster spending, which has grown
exponentially.

"Congress has generally been very supportive," said Jane Bullock, staff director
of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, which coordinates disaster aid. "But
we have seen a growing concern about spending in recent years."

The complaints from New Jersey lawmakers join a growing chorus of need that
Federal disaster officials and members of Congress say they have heard in recent
years after each new disaster, from the Midwestern floods in 1993 and the
Northridge, Calif., earthquake in 1994, to the Oklahoma City bombing in 1995 and
Hurricane Georges in Puerto Rico and on the Gulf Coast last year. These
emergencies have swelled the need for the package of cash grants, business loans
and emergency cleanup assistance that the agency offers local and state
governments when the President declares a disaster, Ms. Bullock said.

The agency has received $19.1 billion in supplemental appropriations to respond
to disasters since 1993. In the previous 19 years, according to the
Congressional Research Service, supplemental disaster relief totaled just $9.5
billion.

But a study by the research service this year said that because such spending
has contributed to Congress's exceeding the discretionary spending caps that it
set for itself, it has also started a debate over just how to define an
emergency in a way that would stabilize spending. Efforts in the last four
sessions of Congress, however, have failed to put brakes on the willingness to
appropriate more and more for disaster assistance.

And now New Jersey lawmakers are proposing what Ms. Bullock calls the first real
expansion of FEMA's role since the agency was organized in 1979. Next week they
plan to introduce a bill that would authorize FEMA to offer cash grants of up to
$50,000 to small businesses trying to rebuild after the September storm.  Under
Federal law they are eligible only for low-interest loans; grants are available
only to individuals.

"FEMA should be able to make the same grants to help get small businesses back
on their feet as they do for homeowners," Representative Roukema said.

The measure's prime sponsors include Ms. Roukema, a Republican, and
Representative Eva Clayton, a North Carolina Democrat, who describe the measure
as "one-time grants for this one-time disaster" -- in the same spirit, they say,
as the appropriations for other disasters.

Since the storm, business owners in central New Jersey communities like Bound
Brook and Manville have staged angry protests, saying that loans are inadequate
for merchants who are already too far in debt.

The proposed legislation would offer grants to replace up to half of the
uninsured contents or inventory of a business, and would require recipients to
maintain flood insurance. Recipients would not be eligible for any future
disaster grant program, and businesses could not use grants to move outside the
community.

Meanwhile, Senator Torricelli and other lawmakers are seeking money earmarked
for farmers in the Northeastern and Middle Atlantic states, many of whom were
hit by both the drought and the floods.

The lawmakers are threatening a filibuster to derail a House and Senate
leadership agreement that would allocate $1.2 billion in direct aid to farmers
across the country. The Federal Department of Agriculture estimates that New
Jersey farmers suffered $2 billion in losses and damage from the drought alone.

Senator Torricelli, a Democrat, said he sees a "geographical bias" that has
steered aid to other states.

In a speech last week in Congress, he recited a litany of emergency
appropriations for crop losses that he and other lawmakers had voted for over
the years, sending hundreds of millions of dollars to Texas, Illinois, North
Dakota, Iowa and Missouri. In each case, he said, his state and region received
only tiny fractions of those amounts.

"But I voted for the package nonetheless," he said. "Because farmers in the
Midwest needed it, and it was right to provide them with adequate relief."

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              529 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 19, 2016 Friday

American Baptists Respond to Water Crisis in Flint

LENGTH: 471 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Valley Forge: American Baptist Churches has issued the following new release



  In response to the water crisis in Flint, Mich., American Baptist Home Mission
Societies' Disaster Relief Office has distributed a $2,500 Emergency Grant from
American Baptist Churches USA One Great Hour of Sharing funds to American
Baptist Churches of Michigan. The region will forward funds to Mount Olive
Missionary Baptist Church, Flint, which is coordinating American Baptist relief
efforts in the city.





 Both the state and federal governments have declared a state of emergency in
the city because its drinking water is contaminated with lead, rendering it
unsuitable for drinking, cooking and bathing.



 "While there are certainly justice and advocacy dimensions to the crisis in
Flint, ABHMS is pleased to make this first installment on behalf of American
Baptists in responding to the immediate human need for clean water," says Dr.
Jeffrey Haggray, ABHMS executive director. "And we urge our American Baptist
family to continue your generosity, which makes such gifts possible."



 Mount Olive has been providing Flint residents with bottled water. In
partnership with the health department and YMCA, Mount Olive will host a Family
Fun Fair on Feb. 25, at which children's lead levels can be tested.



 "This grant will allow us to be the hands and feet for Christ in our community
as we seek to do his will," says Russell Kirksey, deacon and donations
coordinator at Mount Olive. "This situation is of an indeterminate period of
time. Government officials still have not put forth a plan for a long-term fix
for the problem. I was informed that the churches will be asked to do more as
some of the resources in place now are withdrawn."



 For individuals and churches interested in donating bottled water, Mount Olive
is accepting the following sizes: 8-, 12- and 16.9-fluid-ounce bottles in
addition to gallon water jugs.



 One Great Hour of Sharing is administered by the World Relief Committee of the
Board of General Ministries of American Baptist Churches USA. The committee
facilitates American Baptist emergency relief, disaster rehabilitation, refugee
work and development assistance by establishing policy guidelines and overseeing
distribution of the annual One Great Hour of Sharing offering received by
churches. Learn more at http://www.abc-oghs.org/.



 For those who would like to help financially, donations designated to "One
Great Hour of Sharing--Flint Water Crisis" can be mailed to the attention of Kim
Wilkins at American Baptist Home Mission Societies, P.O. Box 851, Valley Forge,
PA 19482-0851. One hundred percent of donations go to relief efforts; no dollars
are retained for administrative costs.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              530 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 19, 2016 Friday

American Baptists Respond to Water Crisis in Flint

LENGTH: 471 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Valley Forge: American Baptist Churches has issued the following new release



  In response to the water crisis in Flint, Mich., American Baptist Home Mission
Societies' Disaster Relief Office has distributed a $2,500 Emergency Grant from
American Baptist Churches USA One Great Hour of Sharing funds to American
Baptist Churches of Michigan. The region will forward funds to Mount Olive
Missionary Baptist Church, Flint, which is coordinating American Baptist relief
efforts in the city.





 Both the state and federal governments have declared a state of emergency in
the city because its drinking water is contaminated with lead, rendering it
unsuitable for drinking, cooking and bathing.



 "While there are certainly justice and advocacy dimensions to the crisis in
Flint, ABHMS is pleased to make this first installment on behalf of American
Baptists in responding to the immediate human need for clean water," says Dr.
Jeffrey Haggray, ABHMS executive director. "And we urge our American Baptist
family to continue your generosity, which makes such gifts possible."



 Mount Olive has been providing Flint residents with bottled water. In
partnership with the health department and YMCA, Mount Olive will host a Family
Fun Fair on Feb. 25, at which children's lead levels can be tested.



 "This grant will allow us to be the hands and feet for Christ in our community
as we seek to do his will," says Russell Kirksey, deacon and donations
coordinator at Mount Olive. "This situation is of an indeterminate period of
time. Government officials still have not put forth a plan for a long-term fix
for the problem. I was informed that the churches will be asked to do more as
some of the resources in place now are withdrawn."



 For individuals and churches interested in donating bottled water, Mount Olive
is accepting the following sizes: 8-, 12- and 16.9-fluid-ounce bottles in
addition to gallon water jugs.



 One Great Hour of Sharing is administered by the World Relief Committee of the
Board of General Ministries of American Baptist Churches USA. The committee
facilitates American Baptist emergency relief, disaster rehabilitation, refugee
work and development assistance by establishing policy guidelines and overseeing
distribution of the annual One Great Hour of Sharing offering received by
churches. Learn more at http://www.abc-oghs.org/.



 For those who would like to help financially, donations designated to "One
Great Hour of Sharing--Flint Water Crisis" can be mailed to the attention of Kim
Wilkins at American Baptist Home Mission Societies, P.O. Box 851, Valley Forge,
PA 19482-0851. One hundred percent of donations go to relief efforts; no dollars
are retained for administrative costs.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              531 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 19, 2016 Friday

American Baptists Respond to Water Crisis in Flint

LENGTH: 471 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Valley Forge: American Baptist Churches has issued the following new release



  In response to the water crisis in Flint, Mich., American Baptist Home Mission
Societies' Disaster Relief Office has distributed a $2,500 Emergency Grant from
American Baptist Churches USA One Great Hour of Sharing funds to American
Baptist Churches of Michigan. The region will forward funds to Mount Olive
Missionary Baptist Church, Flint, which is coordinating American Baptist relief
efforts in the city.





 Both the state and federal governments have declared a state of emergency in
the city because its drinking water is contaminated with lead, rendering it
unsuitable for drinking, cooking and bathing.



 "While there are certainly justice and advocacy dimensions to the crisis in
Flint, ABHMS is pleased to make this first installment on behalf of American
Baptists in responding to the immediate human need for clean water," says Dr.
Jeffrey Haggray, ABHMS executive director. "And we urge our American Baptist
family to continue your generosity, which makes such gifts possible."



 Mount Olive has been providing Flint residents with bottled water. In
partnership with the health department and YMCA, Mount Olive will host a Family
Fun Fair on Feb. 25, at which children's lead levels can be tested.



 "This grant will allow us to be the hands and feet for Christ in our community
as we seek to do his will," says Russell Kirksey, deacon and donations
coordinator at Mount Olive. "This situation is of an indeterminate period of
time. Government officials still have not put forth a plan for a long-term fix
for the problem. I was informed that the churches will be asked to do more as
some of the resources in place now are withdrawn."



 For individuals and churches interested in donating bottled water, Mount Olive
is accepting the following sizes: 8-, 12- and 16.9-fluid-ounce bottles in
addition to gallon water jugs.



 One Great Hour of Sharing is administered by the World Relief Committee of the
Board of General Ministries of American Baptist Churches USA. The committee
facilitates American Baptist emergency relief, disaster rehabilitation, refugee
work and development assistance by establishing policy guidelines and overseeing
distribution of the annual One Great Hour of Sharing offering received by
churches. Learn more at http://www.abc-oghs.org/.



 For those who would like to help financially, donations designated to "One
Great Hour of Sharing--Flint Water Crisis" can be mailed to the attention of Kim
Wilkins at American Baptist Home Mission Societies, P.O. Box 851, Valley Forge,
PA 19482-0851. One hundred percent of donations go to relief efforts; no dollars
are retained for administrative costs.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              532 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Murray Valley Standard

                            December 4, 2012 Tuesday

Councils build resilience

BYLINE: Joanne Fosdike

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 269 words


ALMOST $600,000 will be spent around the Murraylands to help the region toughen
up against national disasters.

Firefighters will benefit from Federal Government funding as the Mid Murray
council puts its $43,500 share towards a generator system and battery backup to
ensure power continuity to Country Fire Service and council facilities during
emergencies.

The Murraylands office of The Department of Environment, Water and Natural
Resources will use its $78,500 grant towards constructing and upgrading fire
tracks in the region to increase the response capabilities of firefighting
personnel and protection to the general community.

More than $200,000 will be spent to look at the bigger picture ... with the aim
to use funds to complete a regional integrated vulnerability report and
adaptation plan with the help of the community and stakeholders.

South Australian Senator Anne McEwen said 36 organisations across the State
shared in $6.8 million to help prepare their communities for natural disasters.

"Working with local communities ahead of the natural disaster season ensures
resources can be targeted to where they are needed most," she said.

"Whether it is working with local fire authorities to improve access, installing
a better communications system, or assessing risks in the local area, these
grants are providing much needed, practical assistance to communities.

"Together, we will build a better understanding of our emergency risks, and also
build a shared understanding of how we can prepare for, and best protect our
homes, our businesses and our communities if a major emergency or disaster
happens."

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2012 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              533 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  September 9, 1992, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Where the federal relief aid would go

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 594 words


Highlights of President Bush's budget request for damage caused by Hurricane
Andrew.
Agriculture Department                                    (in

millions)
Repair farm water systems and sewers                         $ 84.5
Payments to farmers for crop losses                         $ 300.0
Cleanup of trailer homes in Fla. and La.                      $ 3.0
Grants for uninsured migrant labor housing                   $ 10.0

Commerce Department
For minority businesses                                      $ 2.0
Repair maritime and air operations, weather facilities       $ 9.9
Beach erosion repair, general construction                  $ 10.2

Defense Department
Rebuild Homestead Air Force Base                            $ 480.6
Debris removal, facilities repair, related costs             $ 98.2
Personal property loss claims to 3,500 personnel             $ 67.7
Lodging for military and dependents; relocation costs       $ 115.7

Education Department
School repair; costs of extended school day, etc.            $ 22.5
Emergency educational assistance                             $ 40.0

Federal Emergency Management Agency
Florida
Emergency housing assistance                                $ 208.0
Mortgage assistance                                          $ 30.0
Grants to individuals and families                          $ 203.0
Disaster unemployment insurance                              $ 52.0
   State and local crisis counseling                             $ 2.0
Debris removal disposal and public sanitation               $ 350.0
Department of Defense assistance costs                      $ 300.0
Federal, state and local emergency services                 $ 125.0
Restoration of public facilities and equipment              $ 211.0
Community Disaster Loans                                     $ 15.0
Total estimated for FEMA in Fla.                          $ 1,496.0

Louisiana
Assistance to individuals and families                       $ 50.0
Public assistance                                           $ 100.0
Total estimated for FEMA in La.                             $ 150.0

Health and Human Services Department
Children and families                                        $ 34.0

Housing and Urban Development
Currently budgeted loan and mortgage guarantees              $ 20.4
Will leverage loans and mortgages totaling                $ 1,628.0

Park Service
 Construction/rehabilitation of national parks               $ 18.8

Justice Department
 Contract confinement of prisoners                           $ 27.3

Small Business Administration
 Current amount of Small Business loans budgeted            $ 220.4
Will leverage loans totaling                              $ 1,200.0

Source: Congressional Budget Office

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

AFTER HURRICANE ANDREW

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              534 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Sun, Lowell, Massachusetts

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune News Service

                             July 1, 2006 Saturday

Feds give Mass. $1.6M more in flood assistance

BYLINE: The Sun, Lowell, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 244 words


Jul. 1--LOWELL -- The federal government is giving communities in Middlesex and
Essex counties that were hurt by May flooding in $1.6 million for job assistance
.

"The spring floods in Massachusetts displaced many residents from their homes
and jobs," U.S. Labor Secretary Elaine L. Chao said yesterday. "This $1.6
million grant will provide temporary jobs assisting in ongoing cleanup efforts
and will help workers rebuild their lives as well as their communities."

The grant is being awarded to the state Department of Labor and Workforce
Development to provide jobs to about 176 displaced workers.

"This assistance is vital in ensuring that our communities will be able to
rebuild and revitalize neighborhoods damaged by flood waters," Sen. Edward
Kennedy said in a statement. "We'll continue to work with the administration and
local officials to assist in helping our families in Massachusetts with the
assistance they need."

The project is also offering food, clothing and housing to people affected by
the storms and flooding.

National emergency grants are part of Chao's discretionary fund and awarded on a
state's ability to meet the guidelines.

-- JACK MINCH

Copyright (c) 2006, The Sun, Lowell, Mass. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Business News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060701-LZ-0701-Feds-give-Mass-1.6M-more-in-flood-assistance

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LZ


                             Copyright 2006 The Sun


                              535 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             July 9, 1994, Saturday

THE FLOOD OF '94 HOW YOU CAN HELP

SECTION: STATE NEWS; Section A; Page 6

LENGTH: 408 words


To volunteer to help, call the Georgia Emergency Management Agency (GEMA) at
1-800-879-4362.

The Salvation Army is providing assistance in Sumter, Bibb and Butts counties.
Donations of sealed bottled water and cleaning supplies are being accepted at
several metro Atlanta Salvation Army locations. Call 873-3101. Financial
contributions can be mailed to the Salvation Army, Georgia Flood Relief, P.O.
Box 5378, Atlanta, Ga. 30307.

Habitat for Humanity International, based in hard-hit Americus in Sumter County,
has created the Habitat Emergency Fund to help cover costs of assistance in
Georgia, Florida and Alabama. Volunteers also are helping authorities in Sumter
County. Checks may be sent to HFHI Emergency Fund, 121 Habitat St., Americus,
Ga. 31709.

Don't call affected counties if you don't have to, GEMA officials said. The high
volume of calls has overloaded some circuits and made it difficult for some
requests for assistance to get through.

The March of Dimes needs donations of jars of baby food, rice cereal,
ready-mixed can formula, disposable diapers, wet wipes and Avon Skin-so-Soft to
aid mothers and babies. Drop items off at the March of Dimes office at 2
Northside 75 N.W., Suite 100, Monday-Friday, 8:30 a.m.- 7 p.m. 350-9800.

IF YOU NEED HELP

To ask for federal assistance because of storm damage, call FEMA at
800-462-9029.

The American Red Cross' toll-free number is - 1-800-81-RELIEF (1-800- 817-3543).
It will be open from 8 a.m. to midnight.

You also can contact the Georgia Emergency Management Agency office in your
county.

OTHER RELIEF EFFORTS

The Adventist Community Services Disaster Response hotline - 1-800- 253-3000.

The McCormick Tribune Foundation will match money it raises up to $ 250,000
through on-air public service announcements and distribute the money to flood
victims through grants via disaster relief organizations such as the Red Cross.

First Union National Bank of Georgia is allowing customers who have been
affected by the flood to skip one or more mortgage payments. For information,
call 1-800-654-9322.

Ford Motor Company is offering personal loan payment deferrals for customers
affected by the flood. Call 1-800-727-7000.

Kroger customers can round off their grocery bill - $ 22.35 to $ 23, for example
- and the amount exceeding the total will go toward a relief fund. The fund is
sponsored by The Atlanta Journal-Constitution, Coca- Cola, WAGA-TV and Bank
South.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH941940130

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              536 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                     APRIL 12, 2000 Wednesday CWEST EDITION

$5.9 MILLION IN HUD GRANT FUNDS BUDGETED BY DELAWARE COUNTY

BYLINE: Dan Hardy, INQUIRER SUBURBAN STAFF

SECTION: NEIGHBORS; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 441 words


A variety of housing aid and homeless shelter programs top Delaware County
government's proposed list for spending about $5.9 million in federal grants it
is slated to receive this year.

The spending plan was presented at a County Council meeting yesterday by John E.
Pickett, the county planning director. There was no public comment.

The money comes from the federal Department of Housing and Urban Development
Community Development Block Grant and Home Investment Partnership Programs. It
is earmarked for projects that would aid low- and moderate-income residents.

"We think we've put together a plan that meets unmet needs in many communities
throughout the county," Pickett said in a recent interview.

The proposal, which is scheduled for a final vote on May 9, includes $1.2
million to aid in the rehabilitation of homes owned by low- and moderate-income
residents.

An additional $600,000 would go to the Home Ownership First program, which
provides down-payment and closing-cost assistance to qualifying first-time home
buyers. Also, $156,000 would go to financial counseling for prospective
first-time homeowners and $16,000 would be spent on an emergency mortgage
assistance program.

The plan calls for $327,000 to aid in the construction of 16 townhouses at Ninth
Street and Central Avenue by the nonprofit Chester Community Improvement
Project. And $200,000 would go to help build 36 senior-housing rental units on
the site of the former Studevan Elementary School in Darby Township.

The plan would allocate $168,000 to the rehabilitation of the Darby Court
Apartments in Darby Borough for use by low-income seniors. Also, $60,000 would
go to two groups that work against discrimination in housing sales or rentals,
and $40,000 would go to help developmentally disabled people get housing and
financial counseling.

Nine emergency shelter programs as well as programs that provide housing or
counseling to homeless people would get $783,000. The plan would spend $100,000
on the demolition of vacant and blighted structures.

The proposal earmarks $1,157,250 for a variety of public facility improvements
in 14 municipalities. Most would be spent on streets, storm sewers and parks.
The proposed expenditures for the projects range from $20,000 for dredging and
landscaping a pond in Collingdale Community Park to $277,000 toward the
construction of a community center in Darby Township.

The spending plan also includes $680,000 for county expenses in administering
the programs and $136,000 in contingency funding for any cost overruns.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2000 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              537 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                             July 1, 2006 Saturday

Feds give Mass. $1.6M more in flood assistance

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 192 words


LOWELL -- The federal government is giving communities in Middlesex and Essex
counties that were hurt by May flooding in $1.6 million for job assistance.

"The spring floods in Massachusetts displaced many residents from their homes
and jobs," U.S. Labor Secretary Elaine L. Chao said yesterday. "This $1.6
million grant will provide temporary jobs assisting in ongoing cleanup efforts
and will help workers rebuild their lives as well as their communities."

The grant is being awarded to the state Department of Labor and Workforce
Development to provide jobs to about 176 displaced workers.

"This assistance is vital in ensuring that our communities will be able to
rebuild and revitalize neighborhoods damaged by flood waters," Sen. Edward
Kennedy said in a statement. "We'll continue to work with the administration and
local officials to assist in helping our families in Massachusetts with the
assistance they need."

The project is also offering food, clothing and housing to people affected by
the storms and flooding.

National emergency grants are part of Chao's discretionary fund and awarded on a
state's ability to meet the guidelines.

-- JACK MINCH

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              538 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Tribune-Review (Greensburg, PA)

                           September 21, 2004 Tuesday

3rd time anything but a charm

BYLINE: Rich Cholodofsky

LENGTH: 1381 words


Mildred Myers sat on her front porch Monday morning surrounded by clothing and
carpets she had hung over the railing to dry.

For the third time in a year, Myers and her neighbors along Mill Creek in
Ligonier Borough were forced to flee as the rising waters from the small stream
rushed across a field, down streets and into driveways. The water filled
garages, basements and even first-floor living quarters.

"It was just overwhelming this time. It happens too often any more," Myers said.
"It was ravaging."

Remnants of Hurricane Ivan dumped more than 8 inches of rain on some locales,
causing massive flooding in many Allegheny County communities. The northern
section of Westmoreland County, specifically Lower Burrell and Allegheny
Township, had flooding damage described as devastating.

Floodwaters also affected the small, quaint town of Ligonier in the eastern
section of the county. Rising waters from Mill Creek caused the mandatory
evacuation of eight people early Saturday morning. Four people stayed at a
shelter set up at the borough YMCA.

Others saw the water levels rise and decided on their own to get out while they
still could.

Helen Kintey said the water rose so quickly she barely had time to get her
88-year-old mother to safety.

"I was here at 6:10 p.m. then left because it looked pretty good. When it came
up, it came up fast. I came back at around 6:30 and it came up to the house and
got in. If I didn't get there when I did, the firemen would have had to come
with a boat to get her out," Kintey said.

Flooding from Mill Creek has almost become the norm. Borough Manager Jack Berger
said Ivan's rains prompted evacuations for the third time in a year.

And more flooding will follow unless the creek is dredged, Berger predicted.

"The state will not allow us to do it. They say it won't help," Berger said.

Water from Mill Creek flowed up Walnut and Indian streets. Some homes took on as
much as 4 feet of water. As the rains continued to fall, homes several blocks
from the creek also sustained damage.

"This is the worst I've ever seen. All the streets were flooded, and there was
no place for the water to go," said Lance Baloga, who sat outside his Mill Creek
Street home with rugs draped over a nearby railing to dry. "I've never seen it
this bad."

Officials yesterday had no estimate of the financial impact of the flooding.
Most homes touched by floodwaters appeared to sustain some loss, but borough
officials reported no major destruction.

Floodwaters did damage pumps at the borough's sewer treatment plant. The plant
continued to operate, though, as portable pumps were brought in. Berger said the
plant is now operating at two-thirds capacity.

Countywide, public safety officials reported 29 buildings were destroyed, all in
the Lower Burrell and Allegheny Township areas, as a result of last weekend's
flooding. Dan Stevens, spokesman for the Westmoreland County Public Safety
Department, said most of the damage was sustained by residents of those northern
communities, as 100 buildings sustained major damage and 260 structures had
minor damage.

Stevens reported 155 buildings across the county sustained major damage, 394
sustained minor damage and another 135 structures were affected by Friday's
flooding.

"Those numbers are going to grow," Stevens said.

In all, 91 people throughout Westmoreland County were evacuated from their
homes, and 27 spent a night or two in shelters. All of the shelters are now
closed.

On Sunday, President Bush declared Pennsylvania a major disaster, paving the way
for the use of federal funds to help people recover from storm damage.

The U.S. Department of Homeland Security's Federal Emergency Management Agency
will coordinate the assistance and will administer grants to pay for temporary
housing, home repairs and other major disaster-related expenses. The federal
government also will make available low-interest loans from the U.S. Small
Business Administration to help pay for losses sustained by businesses and
homeowners who are not fully compensated by insurance.

The declaration means the federal government will pay 75 percent of eligible
costs to local governments in the affected counties for debris removal and
emergency services related to the storm.

Other counties declared federal disaster areas include Allegheny, Armstrong,
Beaver, Butler, Indiana and Washington. Rendell also asked for federal
assistance for eight additional counties, including Greene and Somerset.

In Washington County, emergency management officials said that as of yesterday
afternoon 105 buildings were destroyed, 96 suffered major damage and another 261
sustained minor damage. There were 341 buildings in the county that were
affected by the rain.

Ron Sicchitano, deputy director of the county's public safety department, said
no major injuries were reported and most roads have been reopened in Washington
County.

Mildred Myers, who lives along Mill Creek in Ligonier Borough, hangs winter
sweaters out to dry Monday after they were soaked in the storage shed behind her
home during Friday's flooding.

Lenny Oldham, of Servpro Cleaning and Restoration, contemplates the best way to
go about drying out Mildred Myers' office in her Ligonier Borough home.

Help is on the way

These federal disaster aid programs may be available, as needed and warranted,
under the disaster declaration issued in the wake of last week's devastating
storm:

For families and individuals

Rental payments for temporary housing for those whose homes are no longer fit to
live in. Initial assistance may be provided for as long as three months for
homeowners, one month for renters; assistance may be extended. (Aid provided by
the Federal Emergency Management Agency, or FEMA.)

Grants for home repairs and replacement of essential household items not covered
by insurance, to make damaged dwellings safe, sanitary and functional. (Aid
provided by FEMA.)

Grants to replace personal property and help meet medical, dental, funeral,
transportation and other disaster-related needs not covered by insurance or
other aid programs. (Aid provided by FEMA and the state.)

Low-interest loans to cover residential losses not fully covered by insurance.
Loans are available for as much as $200,000 for a primary residence, $40,000 for
personal property, including renters' losses. Loans also available for business
property losses not fully compensated by insurance. (Aid provided by the U.S.
Small Business Administration.)

Loans of as much as $1.5 million for small businesses that have sustained
disaster-related cash-flow problems and need funds for working capital to
recover from the impact of the disaster. A loan, in combination with a property
loss loan, cannot exceed a total of $1.5 million. (Aid provided by the U.S.
Small Business Administration.)

Loans of as much as $500,000 for farmers, ranchers and aquaculture operators to
cover production and property losses. (Aid provided by the Farm Service Agency,
U.S. Department of Agriculture.)

Other relief programs including crisis counseling, income tax assistance for
filing casualty losses and advice regarding veterans benefits and Social
Security matters. (Aid provided by various agencies.)

For state and local governments

Payment for 75 percent of eligible costs for removing debris from public areas
and for emergency measures taken to save lives and protect property and public
health. (Aid provided by FEMA, administered by the state.)

Payment of 75 percent of approved costs for hazard mitigation projects
undertaken by state and local governments to prevent or reduce long-term risk to
life and property. (Aid provided by FEMA, administered by the state.)

How to apply for assistance

Residents of counties designated for assistance may begin the process by calling
toll-free 800-621-3362 (800-621-FEMA); phones will be manned 24 hours a day,
seven days a week until further notice. Hearing-impaired applicants may call
800-462-7585 (TTY). Applicants should be prepared to provide basic information
(name, permanent address, phone number), details about insurance coverage and
other information to help substantiate losses.

Application procedures for local governments will be explained at a series of
briefings; locations will be announced.

Source: U.S. Department of Homeland Security, Federal Emergency Management
Agency

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2004 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              539 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                              May 21, 2010 Friday
                                   F3 Edition

County looks to create, retain jobs with anti-poverty dollars

BYLINE: By James Fuller jfuller@dailyherald.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 339 words


A greater need for affordable housing, anti-poverty programs and money to fuel
construction projects and jobs is in higher demand in Kane County than most
years in recent memory.

So it was no surprise the county found itself flooded with applications for
Community Development Block Grant money this year.

The federal funds are specifically designed to address those issues.

Scott Berger, who oversees the grant program for the county, said this was one
of the most competitive years ever for the money because more applications came
in asking for higher dollar amounts than seen before.

The result was funding only 14 of the 24 requests and giving partial funding to
projects that made the cut.

Berger said funding priority was based on providing the most benefit to the
greatest number of people and to projects with the potential to

create or retain construction jobs.

Roughly one-third of the construction work force in Kane County is currently
unemployed, Berger said.

According to the county, about $1.7 million in CDBG funds will go to the
following recipients:

1. Community Contacts, Elgin -- $300,000 (owner occupied housing
rehabilitation).

2. Northern Illinois Food Bank, St. Charles -- $250,000 (community nutrition
center).

3. Kane County -- $243,000 (administrative costs).

4. Kane County -- $190,890 (Ogden Gardens storm sewer project).

5. Carpentersville -- $181,000 (street resurfacing).

6. Maple Park -- $100,000 (water main replacement).

7. St. Charles -- $80,000 (Walnut Drive reconstruction).

8. Association for Individual Development, Aurora -- $73,231 (home renovations
for safety).

9. Carpentersville -- $60,000 (neighborhood improvement program).

10. Lazarus House, St. Charles -- $58,000 (emergency shelter).

11. Hesed House, Aurora -- $46,000 (PADS overnight emergency shelter).

12. PADS of Elgin -- $40,000 (emergency shelter).

13. Neighborhood Housing Services of the Fox Valley, Elgin -- $34,000
(homeownership education).

14. South Elgin -- $31,000 (Gilbert Street sidewalk extension).

15. Continuum of Care -- $8,000 (administrative costs).

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              540 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Mississippi Business Journal (Jackson, MS)

                           January 13, 2011 Thursday

FEMA awards reimbursements to Mississippi for recovery projects

BYLINE: Wally Northway

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 228  words


Sen. Thad Cochran (R-Miss.) and Sen. Roger Wicker (R-Miss) reports Federal
Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) approval of several reimbursement awards to
Mississippi for public works recovery projects following Hurricanes Katrina and
Rita.

FEMA has approved more than $48.6 million in Public Assistance Grant Program
funding for four Mississippi projects, including $36.3 million for water and
wastewater infrastructure improvements made by the Diamondhead Water and Sewer
District following the disastrous 2005 hurricane season.

"These awards represent further progress by FEMA to reimburse the recovery costs
incurred by communities and the state following Hurricane Katrina," said
Cochran, who serves on the Senate Appropriations Subcommittee that funds FEMA.

In addition to the Diamondhead award, FEMA also approved reimbursement payments
of $5.8 million for costs associated with rebuilding Magnolia Junior High School
in Moss Point and $1.1 million for repairs to the Hancock Medical Center in Bay
St. Louis.

With these awards, FEMA has approved a total of $10.1 million for the Magnolia
Junior High School project and $24.0 million for Hancock Medical Center.

The latest grant approval also included $3.5 million for the Mississippi
Emergency Management Agency to reimburse the State of Florida for emergency
response services provided immediately following the storm.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              541 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                       The Oskaloosa Independent (Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 14, 2013

USDA Rural Development highlights 2012 Investments to Build Stronger Rural
Kansas Communities

BYLINE: The Oskaloosa Independent staff

LENGTH: 532  words


USDA Rural Development State Director Patty Clark last week issued a report
highlighting USDA Rural Development's fiscal year 2012 investments in job
creation, businesses, infrastructure and housing for Kan-sans living in rural
communities.

In fiscal year 2012, rural communities throughout Kansas received more than $475
million in financial assistance to finance homeowner-ship, replace aging water
and sewer systems, stimulate business growth and job creation and to enhance
access to healthcare for rural residents as well as expand broadband access.

"USDA Rural Development strives to improve the quality of life for Kansans by
investing in the future of rural Kansas communities," said USDA Rural
Development State Director Patty Clark. "Financing from the federal government
provides rural residents and rural communities with the basic needs of
infrastructure, employment, healthcare and housing."

Through its Community Facilities loan and grant program, Rural Development
provided more than $26 million in financing to communities for purchasing storm
sirens, equipment for electronic medical records, patrol cars, new heating and
cooling units, as well as building and renovating hospitals, nursing homes, and
daycare centers. Ninety percent of the Community Facilities program funding was
for improving rural healthcare centers in the state.

More than 45, 000 rural Kansans in 28 communities were assisted through the
agency's Water and Environmental Program, which provides clean drinking water
and safe, sanitary wastewater disposal. The agency provided $58 million in
financing to communities for installing nearly 300 miles of water and wastewater
lines in rural Kansas, as well as making other water and wastewater system
improvements.

In 2012, Rural Development helped 1, 922 Kansas families purchase safe,
affordable homes by providing $201 million in financing. More than 100 rural
Kansans were provided loans and grants to repair or make accessibility
modifications in order to remain in their own homes.

Through Rural Development's business and cooperative loan, grant and technical
assistance programs, the agency helped 127 rural small business owners improve
their enterprises in 2012. Business and cooperative program funding created or
saved approximately 1, 000 rural Kansas jobs in 2012. Rural Development provided
nearly $35 million to assist rural businesses create ongoing economic
opportunities in rural Kansas that will pay benefits for years to come.

During 2012, Rural Development provided $107 million to eight electric
cooperatives to improve efficiency and modernize rural electric generation and
transmission systems. Nearly $30 million was invested in telecommunication
projects to help expand access to high-speed broadband in rural Kansas.

Additional information on programs available through USDA Rural Development is
available by calling 785-271-2700.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has an active portfolio of
more than $176 billion in loans and loan guarantees. These programs are designed
to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses, residents,
farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural America.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OSK

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2013 The Oskaloosa Independent


                              542 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Cullman Times (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 19, 2010 Friday

Local fire depts. receive grant money

BYLINE: Tiffany Green, The Cullman Times, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 814 words


Feb. 19--CULLMAN -- Five local volunteer fire departments were recently awarded
grants through the Assistance to Firefighters Grant Program to help with
training, equipment, personal protective equipment, wellness and fitness, and
modifications to fire stations and facilities.

The Dodge City Volunteer Fire Department has been awarded $75,152 and fire chief
Barry Walling said it is a big help to the department.

"We will get a cascade water system to fill bottles for our department as well
as others in the area," Walling said.

Last year, the department purchased new gear with grant money so this year they
will be able to purchase a washer and dryer for that equipment.

Walling said the rest of the money will go to update and upgrade older
equipment.

"I just hope these grants keep coming because without them, we aren't able to
get new equipment," he said. "All of the money we get from donations and dues is
usually spent on expenses for the department."

The Sardis Volunteer Fire Department has been awarded $83,524

Sardis volunteer fire chief Brett Rodgers said the money helps tremendously.

They will purchase new five inch hoses for all trucks, as well as a cascade fill
station.

"The new hoses will allow for more water flow," he said. "We will be able to
fill our own bottles with the new fill station and we will not have to go to
Cullman or other stations to fill them."

The Sardis department will also purchase a thermal imaging camera. Rodgers said
it will help get the fire out by spotting all hot spots.

"We will not have to keep coming back to the fire," he said. "We will be able to
get it all out."

The department will also spend $20,000 in training.

"It's very important because the only funds we get are from sales tax and fire
dues," Rodgers said. "Without these grants and without the help of the Cullman
Economic Development writing these grants for us, we would not have the funds to
get this equipment."

Buchanan Jackson, grant writer with the Cullman County Economic Development,
said grants are needed for volunteer fire departments.

"This equipment is so costly, that it is not feasible for many department to get
the equipment on their own," he said. "There's always a need for new equipment."

Economic Development has been steadily increasing the number of fire departments
grants they have been writing over the past several years.

"The Assistance for Fire fighters grant program is the largest," he said. "We
have steadily written more and more, writing 30 last year."

Ten of those have recently been funded.

"We still have 24 outstanding that we have not been declined on," Jackson said.

The Jones Chapel Volunteer Fire Department was awarded $57,000 grant to purchase
protective equipment for the community's first responders.

The equipment will allow the department to meet safety issued by the National
Fire Protection Association and the Occupational Safety and Health
Administration.

"We are going to use the money for bigger water lines and bigger hoses," said
Buddy Fowler, volunteer chief at Jones Chapel.

Fowler said there have been two wrecks recently in the area that have needed the
Jaws of Life and now they will be able to purchase one.

"We don't have a hurst tool now and we really need one," he said.

Fowler said without the help of grants, they could not survive.

"It's one of the best things to be able to get this grant money," he said. "It's
wonderful to have and I hope we get more."

He said they are now trying to get money for a new fire truck.

Jackson said many departments need new and updated equipment.

"When you are talking about someone's life, you don't need your equipment to
fail," he said.

Other department receiving grants, include Battleground Volunteer Fire
Department with $85,769 and the West Point Volunteer Fire Department with
$163,771 in grant money for operations.

This program awards one-year grant money directly to fire departments and EMS
organizations to support them and the services they deliver.

Since 2001, the Assistance to Firefighters Grant Program has provided
approximately $4 billion in grants to first-responder organizations to obtain
much-needed emergency response equipment, personal protective equipment, fire
fighting and emergency vehicles, and training.

"Without the support of the Cullman County Commission and funding for our
office, we would not be able to get these grants," Jackson said.

--Tiffany Green can be reached by e-mail at tgreen@cullmantimes.com or by
telephone at 734-2131, ext. 220.

To see more of The Cullman Times or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.cullmantimes.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Cullman Times, Ala.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100219-ZC-Local-fire-depts-receive-grant-money-0219

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZC


                                 Copyright 2010


                              543 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Dubbo Daily Liberal

                            February 14, 2014 Friday

Dubbo could be next in line for drought assistance, wit

BYLINE: MARK RAYNER

SECTION: FRON; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 273 words


Dubbo could be next in line for drought assistance, with the Regional Assistance
Advisory Committee placing Dubbo under active consideration for financial
assistance, similar to the $6.8 million announced by the NSW government on
Wednesday.

Minister for Primary Industries Katrina Hodgkinson was at Dubbo yesterday to
launch a community priorities survey and she said, while Dubbo didn't fall into
the areas covered by the latest emergency drought assistance measures, it was
not being forgotten.

"The Regional Assistance Advisory Committee is meeting today [yesterday] and
Dubbo is under active consideration, along with a number of areas including the
Liverpool Plains, right down into the south-east and the Murray area, through
the Riverina and other parts of the Central West and Western Division,"

"As we've had these hot days with winds we are experiencing massive evaporative
losses and obviously a decline in ground cover and these are things RAAC takes
into consideration.

The NSW government made $7.6 million available to Bourke, Brewarrina and Walgett
Shires last November for transport assistance and emergency water
infrastructure.

On Wednesday a further 20 Local Government Areas were added to the list and
another $7 million in funding thrown in.

Member for Dubbo Troy Grant welcomed the move and said Dubbo and other areas
would also be in line for help if conditions did not improve.

He also called on the federal government to at least match the efforts of the
state government.

"It's great to see the announcements helping out landholders near Dubbo
including the Warrumbungles and Gilgandra Shires, for example.

continued page 2

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              544 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Dubbo Daily Liberal

                            February 14, 2014 Friday

Dubbo could be next in line for drought assistance, wit

BYLINE: MARK RAYNER

SECTION: FRON; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 273 words


Dubbo could be next in line for drought assistance, with the Regional Assistance
Advisory Committee placing the city under active consideration for financial
assistance, similar to the $6.8 million announced by the NSW government on
Wednesday.

Minister for Primary Industries Katrina Hodgkinson was at Dubbo yesterday to
launch a community priorities survey and she said, while Dubbo didn't fall into
the areas covered by the latest emergency drought assistance measures, it was
not being forgotten.

"The Regional Assistance Advisory Committee is meeting today [yesterday] and
Dubbo is under active consideration, along with a number of areas including the
Liverpool Plains, right down into the south-east and the Murray area, through
the Riverina and other parts of the Central West and Western Division,"

"As we've had these hot days with winds we are experiencing massive evaporative
losses and obviously a decline in ground cover and these are things RAAC takes
into consideration.

The NSW government made $7.6 million available to Bourke, Brewarrina and Walgett
Shires last November for transport assistance and emergency water
infrastructure.

On Wednesday a further 20 Local Government Areas were added to the list and
another $7 million in funding thrown in.

Member for Dubbo Troy Grant welcomed the move and said Dubbo and other areas
would also be in line for help if conditions did not improve.

He also called on the federal government to at least match the efforts of the
state government.

"It's great to see the announcements helping out landholders near Dubbo
including the Warrumbungles and Gilgandra Shires, for example.

continued page 2

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              545 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                              June 8, 2014 Sunday
                              SUN BUSINESS Edition

Counties, cities leave residents high, dry

BYLINE: Aldo Svaldi

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 12K

LENGTH: 1352 words


On Tuesday night, raging waters from the Snake River cut off road access to the
small town of Montezuma in Summit County. The next evening, a dangerous storm
cell slammed Hugo hard before moving east and triggering flash flood warnings in
Cheyenne and Kit Carson counties.

Also Wednesday night, up in Grand County, the National Weather Service extended
a flood advisory, warning that the Fraser and Colorado rivers, as well as St.
Louis Creek, were likely to flood from a heavy snowmelt.

What those three deluged counties and two towns share in common is their
nonparticipation in the National Flood Insurance Program, a lapse that could at
some point leave their residents exposed to huge out of pocket costs.

The program provides property owners with a more affordable option for flood
insurance if they want or need it in return for safeguards placed on future
developments in floodplains.

Ten of Colorado's 64 counties and 56 municipalities, however, don't participate
in the voluntary program, which dates to 1968, according to the Federal
Emergency Management Agency.

"We are constantly trying to leave that door open. We think it is an important
program," said Matt Buddie, FEMA's Colorado floodplain manager.

Homeowner's insurance policies don't cover flood damage, which is where the NFIP
steps in. Premiums are significantly lower than those offered through private
lines, assuming they are even available, and coverage is open to all comers in
participating communities.

A property owner doesn't need to be in a floodplain to obtain NFIP coverage. But
if they are in a flood zone, they must have some type of flood insurance to
obtain a federally backed mortgage.

Another perk is that residents of participating communities are eligible for
FEMA assistance to rebuild, as well as other federal aid such as low cost Small
Business Administration loans.

"We would urge every community to adopt the standards it takes to become an NFIP
community," said Carole Walker, executive director at Rocky Mountain Insurance
Information Association.

Walker said a home is much more likely to suffer damage from water than fire
over the course of a 30 year mortgage. Yet too few people are adequately
covered, as September's floods demonstrated. Half of that flood damage came from
outside designated floodplains.

Reasons differ on why communities decline to participate, said Jerry DeFelice, a
spokesman with FEMA Region VIII in Denver.

"Some very small communities may not be experiencing growth or new development,
and feel it's not worth the administrative effort to join," he said.

About half the municipalities not participating in Colorado have fewer than 500
residents. Others have never experienced a flood and have had no maps drawn up
to measure flood risks. A few, looking to future growth, fear NFIP limits could
hamper economic development.

But in some cases, nonparticipation comes from opposition to federal involvement
in local land use decisions and, in general, regulation.

"Enforcing some of the regulations that come with belonging to NFIP is difficult
when you don't have building codes," said Christe Coleman, director of the
Custer County Office of Emergency Management.

Custer County, west of Pueblo, has minimal building codes.

Real estate agents in the county have pushed for participation in the flood
insurance programs, as have some residents unable to obtain mortgages. But
county commissioners last year rejected joining.

"The vocal majority don't feel like the benefit overall outweighs the cumbersome
regulation and cost of mapping and implementing those regulations," Coleman
said.

Many parts of rural Colorado also have a deeply entrenched sense of self
reliance.

"Historically, we have handled everything thrown at us," Coleman said. "We are
not the same as Larimer County. We don't have lakes and reservoirs all over the
place."

Grand County, by contrast, does have snow laden mountains and lots of moving
water spilling into lakes and reservoirs. Yet its commissioners also rejected
participating and even resisted mapping out flood risks.

When surveyed in 2007, county residents didn't list flooding as one of the five
disasters most likely to harm them, offering up instead wildfires, winter
storms, hazmat spills, landslides and rock slides, and a disease outbreak,
according to county commission meeting minutes.

But FEMA and state authorities considered Grand County such a high risk for
flooding that they pushed forward and created a flood map.

Once that happens, a community has a year to decide whether it wants to join the
program or join a FEMA sanction list.

Sanctioned communities, of which there are 17 in Colorado, are limited in the
federal grants available for pre planning natural disaster response, which could
include flood and wildfires. Residents who get flooded out, besides most likely
not having any insurance coverage, also face more limited emergency assistance.

Grand County commissioners, following strong recommendations from the county's
emergency management director and planning manager against joining, voted to
reject NFIP participation in 2008.

Part of those deliberations involved a discussion of whether a dam break would
open the door to federal assistance because it wasn't a "natural flood."

Several Grand County officials contacted for this story didn't respond. Flooding
dangers there remain high.

Participation in the NFIP is determined on the level where land use planning
occurs. Winter Park, Fraser, Grand Lake and Granby are part of the NFIP, while
Hot Sulphur Springs and Kremmling, along with unincorporated areas of Grand
County, aren't.

Summit County participates in the program, but three of its water bordering
communities do not Dillon, Blue River and Montezuma.

NFIP policies do have coverage limits, and there are long term concerns about
the solvency of the program, given large claims paid out in hurricane prone
coastal areas.

Damage payouts are limited to $250,000 for structures and $100,000 for contents,
if that coverage is obtained. Those payouts may not stretch too far in mountain
resort communities.

One common misconception is that basements, where flooding is most likely to
occur, aren't covered. FEMA's Buddie said the program pays to clean out water
and mud, restore any damaged and necessary systems, such as the furnace and hot
water, and to return the basement to unfinished condition, including roughed in
drywall.

After last fall's flooding, FEMA and state officials made another concerted push
to get communities to participate, and they found a more receptive audience.

"We plan to revisit the topic in the near future, particularly in light of the
events of last September," said Dick Eason, town administrator in Elizabeth.

When the topic came up two or three years earlier, a majority of residents
expressed strong opposition, he said.

The town of Bennett has started to bring its rules for development in flood
prone areas more in line with federal standards, administrator Trish Stiles
said.

"It was our understanding that Bennett was covered through the county," Stiles
said. "If that is not the case, we need to get this finished."

The paperwork to join the program isn't complicated it involves submitting a one
page form but joining requires a statement of community support, which may not
come so easily.

FEMA, working with the Colorado Water Conservation Board, handles the cost of
floodplain mapping, and participating communities must designate a floodplain
manager to oversee implementation and enforcement of program requirements, which
are focused primarily on new development.

Buddie said local leaders may think a flood may never hit home, but emergency
officials know differently, one reason they keep persisting with the patience of
Noah.

DeFelice recommends that concerned residents in areas not under the NFIP go to
their local planning offices and ask for risk information specific to their
location. They can also visit the federal website on the topic.

"Take steps to minimize flood risk," he advised, "even if you don't have flood
insurance."

Aldo Svaldi: 303 954 1410, asvaldi@ denverpost.com or twitter.com/aldosvaldi

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Raging waters from the Snake River washed out this road near Montezuma,
which doesn't participate in the National Flood Insurance Program. Courtesy of
Lesley Davis

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              546 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            October 10, 2010 Sunday

SFD to provide $23.3m to Unicef for humanitarian activities in Pakistan

LENGTH: 310  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Oct. 10 -- The Saudi Fund for Development (SFD) of the Kingdom of
Saudi Arabia will provide a grant of $23.3 million to the United Nations
Children's Fund (Unicef) for humanitarian activities in Pakistan.

A Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) to this effect was signed here on Friday.
"This grant by the government of Saudi Arabia is for urgent support to maternal
and child healthcare, nutrition services for children and pregnant women, and
providing safe drinking water and adequate sanitation facilities in the IDP
camps," said Engineer Mohamed Al Arifi, head of the SFD delegation. He said the
Saudi government has always shown its desire to provide financial assistance to
Pakistan on humanitarian grounds.

This relief assistance comes under Saudi Arabia's pledge of $100 million to the
IDPs, he added. In 2009, mass displacement of population took place as a result
of militancy in north-western Pakistan. Nearly three million people were
displaced of which many still reside in camps and with host communities.

The SFD grant will go towards UNICEF's ongoing humanitarian assistance for
populations affected in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Fata. This generous donation by
the SFD will go a long way in helping Unicef to continue to provide improved and
expanded services in the areas of health, education, drinking water, sanitation
and hygiene to women and children affected by militancy in Pakistan, said Daniel
Toole, regional director for South Asia and Special Representative for Unicef in
Pakistan. Successive emergencies in Pakistan pose a greater challenge for
humanitarian organisations and additional funds are needed for a sustained
respons Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For
any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              547 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Public Opinion (Chambersburg, Pennsylvania)

                             August 12, 2011 Friday

Federal cuts trickle down to Pennsylvania

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 224 words


PHILADELPHIA, Friday, Aug. 12, 2011 -- Pennsylvania will have millions less this
year in federal money to divvy out to communities.

Pennsylvania will receive more than $73 million to support community development
and produce more affordable housing. HUD's annual funding will also help find
homes for individuals and families living on the streets.

Franklin County has used its funds to help build small water and sewer projects
in rural communities, to run the homeless shelter and to encourage construction
of affordable housing.

The 2011 Continuing Resolution significantly reduced overall funding compared to
last year. The nation's Community Development Block Grant funding was reduced by
more than $600 million, or approximately 16.5 percent, while the HOME program
funding was reduced by more than $200 million, or approximately 11.7 percent.

"This year's block grant funding requires tough choices that we would not have
made in better circumstances," U.S. Housing and Urban Development Secretary
Shaun Donovan said Thursday. "As we work under the challenges of our nation's
deficit, we must also understand that these programs are absolutely essential in
promoting community development, producing affordable housing, helping our
homeless and even supporting long-term disaster recovery."

The funding also includes Emergency Shelter Grants.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2011 Public Opinion
                              All Rights Reserved


                              548 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Vallejo Times Herald (California)

                            October 28, 2014 Tuesday

Solano, Napa county households, individuals to get federal earthquake relief

BYLINE: Times-Herald staff report

SECTION: BREAKING; Local

LENGTH: 821 words


Individuals and households impacted by the Aug. 24 South Napa earthquake can now
apply for federal assistance, the California Governor's Office of Emergency
Services and the Federal Emergency Management Agency announced.

Cal OES and FEMA announced Monday night that the Major Disaster declaration for
the recent 6.0 magnitude quake will also include the Individuals and Households
Program under the Stafford Act. This amendment makes assistance available to
help homeowners and renters recover from the earthquake.

U.S. Rep. Mike Thompson (D- St. Helena), and Sens. Barbara Boxer (D-CA) and
Dianne Feinstein (D-CA) also announced the Obama administration's approval of
Individual Assistance FEMA disaster funds for areas in Napa and Solano counties
impacted by the earthquake. The Obama administration also approved U.S. Small
Business Administration loans for homeowners, businesses, and nonprofits. The
administration had previously only approved FEMA disaster funds for public
assistance.

"The approval of this much needed assistance is an important step in our
region's recovery, and it will finally allow us to start helping folks get back
on their feet," Thompson said. "Individuals and families will be able to use
these funds to begin the process of rebuilding and repairing homes and other
personal property. And, local businesses will be able to apply for low-interest
SBA loans to repair or replace disaster-damaged property, inventory and
supplies. I stand ready to work with our state and local officials to make sure
people know what assistance is available, who qualifies and how to apply. My
office is also ready to assist with any hurdles people may encounter."

Boxer thanked the Obama administration "for determining that the people of Napa
and Solano counties who were severely affected by the recent earthquake will be
eligible for Individual Assistance grants and SBA loans. Residents suffering
because of this devastating quake can now apply for grants of up to $32,400 to
repair their homes, find temporary housing and cover expenses such as medical
bills or moving costs. Business owners will be eligible for low-interest
disaster loans of up to $2 million to repair and rebuild, homeowners can apply
for loans of up to $200,000, and renters can qualify for loans of up to $40,000
to cover personal property losses."

Feinstein also "applauds" the decision.

"When I visited Napa after the earthquake, I saw the suffering in the community,
the red- and yellow-tagged homes and businesses that were hurt," she said.
"Families and business owners need help to make necessary repairs, and
individual assistance will go a long way toward helping those affected by the
earthquake move forward with their lives."

Individuals in Napa and Solano counties can register with FEMA online at
www.DisasterAssistance.gov , via smartphone at m.fema.gov or by phone at
1-800-621-3362. Those who have a speech disability or hearing loss and use TTY,
should call 1-800-462-7585 directly; for those who use 711 or Video Relay
Service (VRS), call 1-800-621-3362.

The newly approved Small Business Administration (SBA) loans can help businesses
repair or replace disaster-damaged property, inventory, and supplies. Homeowners
and renters may also be eligible for SBA loans to repair or replace
disaster-related damages to homes or personal property.

Businesses and homeowners that would like to apply for SBA loans can do so
online at: www.sba.gov/category/navigation-structure /loans-grants/
small-business-loans/disaster-loans.

The Obama administration previously approved FEMA disaster funds for local
communities to use to repair public infrastructure like roads, bridges,
buildings, water infrastructure, power generation facilities, sewage collection
facilities and drainage channels. The federal government covers 75 percent of
the costs, and the state and local governments split the remaining 25 percent.

Hazard Mitigation funding for local communities to help make sure facilities are
better able to withstand future earthquakes, was also previously approved.

The approved funding is in response to the Aug. 24, magnitude 6.0 temblor that
struck the Napa, Solano and Sonoma county area at about 3:20 a.m. just north of
American Canyon and just south of the city of Napa. It was the largest
earthquake to hit the Bay Area in a quarter century, causing $362 million in
damage and damaging more than 1,500 homes.

Gov.Brown declared a State of Emergency and requested federal assistance and
Thompson wrote the president urging him to approve the state's request.

In response, on Sept. 11, Obama declared a Major Disaster, making public
assistance available to state, tribal and eligible governments and certain
private nonprofit organizations on a cost-sharing basis for emergency repair or
replacement of damaged facilities. The Individuals and Households Program will
provide assistance to Napa and Solano county residents, as well.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Times-Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              549 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             April 8, 1997 Tuesday

LENGTH: 814 words


Federal aid is on the way to help North Dakotans cope with the latest weather
disaster. President Clinton's Monday afternoon declaration means roads will be
cleared quicker and the door is open for individuals to get low-interest loans,
federal grants and temporary housing. It also allows the use of some federal
equipment for the flood and snow fight. As soon as Gov.

Ed Schafer received word of the declaration, state officials started to round up
equipment such as water pumps and electric generators. ""It starts a strategy
for the distribution,'' Schafer said. ""Here is the piece of equipment. Where
are the places we need it?... We've got equipment rolling all over the place.''
Schafer spent most of Sunday and Monday working on the flooding and blizzard
disaster. ""It's a very difficult situation, certainly one of the most difficult
in the history of North Dakota, and we are trying to climb out of it,'' the
governor told reporters. ""This was a Class 5 storm. The last time we had a
Class 5 storm in North Dakota was in 1966. I think the time before that was in
the '40s.'' Previous snow storms were not as serious, Schafer said, because
North Dakota ""didn't have the set up of ... rain and ice.'' Schafer, Department
of Transporation, Emergency Management Division and National Guard officials
were trying to find way to open North Dakota roads after up to 18 inches of snow
clogged them. At the same time, state officials continued to help prevent
flooding. ""We are looking at equipment, identifying necessities and needs,''
Schafer said. ""We are scouring federal facilities like air bases where
equipment might be available.'' State officials have their eyes on a dozen
rotary snow plows at the Minot and Grand Forks Air Force bases. Eight were used
in a snow disaster earlier this year. ""The minute we can access these federal
blowers we will go get them,'' Adjutant General Keith Bjerke said. About 150
North Dakota National Guard troops already have been activated to help fight the
storm. Bjerke said he expects to top the 500 soldiers and airmen activated for
the disaster earlier this winter. Guardsmen are running electric generators in
about 30 communities, providing electricity to emergency services. Other
soldiers are manning water pumps to help relieve flooding which began before the
weekend's blizzard. The Guard also is transporting medical personnel, sandbags,
electric repair crews, pumps and snow plows to where they are needed. On Sunday,
Schafer asked Clinton to declare the entire state a disaster area, and the
president wasted little time doing just that. The declaration came late Monday
afternoon, but was not everything Schafer had hoped for. The governor asked
Clinton to authorize the federal government to pick up 90 percent of many
disaster-related costs. Clinton approved a 75 percent share, but left the door
open to increase federal participation to 90 percent. The state's congressional
delegation, accompanied by two South Dakota members of Congress, Monday
afternoon briefed Clinton on the weather emergency. The disaster declaration,
retroactive to Feb. 28, covers ""severe flooding, severe winter storms, heavy
spring rain, rapid snowmelt, high winds, ice jams and ground saturation due to
high water tables.'' It provides for five areas of relief: þ Disaster housing:
Families living in homes damaged too severely to be safe may apply for rental
assistance, home repair and temporary mobile home housing. þ Individual grants:
Medical care and transportation grants are available in extreme cases. þ
Personal property loss loans: Low-interest, long-term loans are available to
cover personal property losses. þ Public assistance: Grants to state and local
governments -- and some private, non-profit organizations -- are expected for
repair and replacement of facilities. þ Hazard mitigation: Grants to state and
local governments will help prevent future loss of life and property, such as
purchase of bigger culverts to withstand more severe flooding. The federal help
should speed recovery from the blizzard, Schafer said. Local governments, now
assured of federal aid, will hire contractors to help clear streets and roads
and do other disaster-related work. ""When you know you have the check coming,
you go out and hire the contractor,'' Schafer said. Sen. Byron Dorgan, D-N.D.,
told reporters outside the White House after taking to Clinton that the blizzard
is the as bad as could be expected every 50 years, and the flood -- worst in the
Red River Valley -- is a once-a-century disaster. ""It has really laid our
region low...'' he said. ""This has been an almost unprecedented disaster.''
""It's been a triple whammy of snow, ice and flooding,'' added Rep. Earl
Pomeroy, D-N.D. ""North Dakotans are used to dealing with these challenges, but
not all at the same time.'' A state disaster aid center will be opened soon.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1997 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              550 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Northern News (Rouse Hill-Stanhope Gardens)

                                 March 8, 2012

Flood update

SECTION: NEWS - GENERAL

LENGTH: 517  words


The NSW State Emergency Service and a range of NSW Government emergency services
and agencies continue to provide urgent support to communities across NSW
affected by floods.

Emergency Services are urging residents to stay informed of the current flood
updates and be prepared.

Wherever possible, people in flood affected areas should plan to go and stay
with family or friends, or make other accommodation arrangements. For people who
need assistance, evacuation centres will be set up by the Dept of Family and
Community Services. Details of the location of these centres will be provided
should an evacuation be required.

Members of the public in flood affected areas should be advised that the
Disaster Welfare Assistance Line on 1800 018 444 can be called for more
information about Grants that may be available for low income families with no
insurance who have had essential household items or structural damage to their
homes.

For those areas which remain isolated the State Emergency Service will help
resupply these towns with essentials during isolation and relocate people with
an urgent or medical emergency.

Other activities being carried out by the State Emergency Services include:

* Moving essential medical supplies to isolated farms and towns.

* Assisting with evacuating people who are isolated and who have a pre-existing
medical issue.

* Moving volunteers around so they are in the best position to assist.

* Undertaking reconnaissance flights with people such as flood planners, council
engineers and SES controllers so that they have the best understanding of the
flood behaviour and possible effects.

* Providing support to primary producers, stranded livestock and companion
animals.

Communities are asked to be prepared and monitor the media, including the NSW
Police Force facebook site, the SES website, the Bureau of Meteorology website
and Livetraffic.com

For assistance call the NSW SES on 132 500.

Important: If you are isolated and need resupply, call 132 500 to arrange the
ordering and delivery of food and other essentials.

The NSW Rural Fire Service also continues to provide assistance to the SES in a
number of key areas.

Volunteers from the NSW Rural Fire Service and Fire and Rescue NSW personnel
continue to assist the SES by flushing out muddied waters from homes and
businesses, as well as providing essential logistical and aviation support to
isolated towns.

For the latest on road closures members of the community can visit the website
www.livetraffic.com or contact their local councils.

Members of the public in flood affected areas should continue to listen to local
radio stations, or check the websites listed below.

It should be noted this inquiry hotline does not replace the State Emergency
Service emergency hotline. Members of the public seeking emergency assistance
during a flood or storm should call the NSW State Emergency Service on 132 500,
or visit their website www.ses.nsw.gov.au

Members of the public can also visit www.emergency.nsw.gov.au for a range of
flood-related information.

For all other emergencies, the public are advised to contact Triple Zero.

LOAD-DATE: March 08, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2012 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              551 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  The Register-Herald (Beckley, West Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            June 10, 2009 Wednesday

FEMA goes door-to-door: FEMA going door-to-door to offer assistance to flood
victims

BYLINE: Jessica Farrish, The Register-Herald, Beckley, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 815 words


Jun. 10--Federal Emergency Management Agency representative Michael Jurnak
walked up and down the alleys and roads of Rhodell Tuesday, knocking on doors of
homes and businesses.

Had he done so a month ago, he would have been sloshing through mud and creek
water.

But Tuesday, Jurnak stayed dry as he told Rhodell residents about the
opportunities they have for FEMA help as they rebuild their homes after the May
9 flood.

"I explain the process and the programs available and the application process
from the time they apply to the time they may receive funds or a grant for
repairs," said Jurnak. "I also visit all the community-based organizations. I
attempt to talk to pastors of churches or leave fliers with them."

Jurnak also visits businesses to tell owners and customers of the assistance
available, he said.

"If no one is home, we leave a flier in the doorway," he said. "We listen to
issues and concerns they may have in the community regarding flooding."

FEMA representatives will canvass in more than 20 Raleigh County towns.
Residents in Rhodell seemed happy to see them.

Rosa McKinney of Rhodell said she was grateful for the FEMA representatives who
visited.

She recalled Tuesday that she awoke on May 9 to the sound of someone pounding on
her door.

"It was very scary," recalled McKinney, who is in her 80s. "It was around 6 in
the morning, usually when you get your best sleep. This one lady from the fire
department came and said, 'Rosie, come on! We've got to take you out'," she
recalled.

Rain had swelled the Stone Coal Creek behind McKinney's house, and the water was
quickly pouring into her backyard.

McKinney said the flood waters washed away her driveway. Over the next few
hours, the water also poured into her basement, destroying her furnace. Her hot
water heater in the basement was "floating around in there like a leaf or
something."

"The furnace was the biggest thing," said McKinney. "All the things you don't
want upstairs, you stick in the basement, and it was ruined."

McKinney -- who also survived the 2001 flood -- said she didn't want to leave
her home. When McKinney didn't immediately evacuate, her neighbor, 74-year-old
Frances Vass, called McKinney's daughter and asked her to come evacuate her mom,
Vass said.

"I had to leave the home because I can't stay here without electricity and
water, so I go over and stay with my daughter until it's all right to come
home," McKinney reported.

After an extended stay with her daughter in Crab Orchard, McKinney returned to
her flood-damaged house. Like many residents, her insurance covers her in case
of fire, but not in case of flooding.

"The FEMA representative was really good to me," said McKinney.

She added she has "faith" she'll get the help she needs.

McKinney's neighbor, Mae Graham, 55, said her laundry room was destroyed by the
recent flood. Rugs and side panels had to be replaced, she said.

Graham said after the 2001 floods, she received FEMA aid. She added that FEMA
officials told Rhodell residents at that time to get flood insurance -- a step
Graham took.

Andrea Lilly of Rhodell Volunteer Fire Department reported that 10 to 12 inches
of flood water invaded the station during the May 9 flood.

"We were out on calls, trying to help people, and then our station was getting
flooded itself," she said. "It was just a big mess."

The whole building was filled with mud, but most fire equipment and trucks were
evacuated before sustaining damage, said Lilly.

"We had to completely gut the office and the kitchen down to cement walls and
down to the wires," she said. "We put cement floors back in, instead of the wood
floors ... so we wouldn't have to keep tearing out the wood floors."

The wood floors had been damaged in 2001, too, she said.

"We got a lot of help from the Emergency Operations Center in Beckley," she
said. "We've got our application in with FEMA."

FEMA Public Affairs Officer Mike Sweet said public assistance is available to
government agencies in Raleigh, Mingo, McDowell, Mercer and Wyoming towns that
were hit by the floods.

The monies may be used to repair buildings, remove debris, repair bridges and to
pay overtime costs associated with emergency services during disasters, said
Sweet.

The federal government provides 75 percent of funding for every 25 percent
provided by the state, said Sweet.

To apply for individual assistance, flood survivors may call 800-621-FEMA or
visit http://www.fema .gov/assistance/index.shtm

-- E-mail: jfarrish@register-herald.com

To see more of The Register-Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.register-herald.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Register-Herald,
Beckley, W.Va. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090610-WZ-FEMA-goes-door-to-door-0610

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WZ


                                 Copyright 2009


                              552 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Courier Mail (Australia)

                           January 19, 2011 Wednesday
                        1 - First with the news Edition

Financial support

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 787  words


Financial assistance to help flood victims get back on their feet is available
from the three tiers of government

FEDERAL, state and local governments are offering a range of cash payments and
financial help to those affected by the Queensland floods.

For many who have lost everything, access to ready cash is the first step to
rebuilding their lives.

FEDERAL GOVERNMENT

THE Federal Government has called on flood-affected Queenslanders to lodge a
claim for the Australian Government Disaster Recovery Payment.

Those eligible will receive a payment of $1000 for each adult and $400 for each
child.

The payment is designed to assist those people who suffered the loss of a family
member in the floods; who were injured; who had to leave their homes; whose
homes were damaged; and whose homes suffered significant utility failure such as
the loss of electricity, water, gas, sewerage service or another essential
service for at least 48 hours..

People who have lost their incomes as a direct result of the flooding can also
apply for the newly activated Disaster Income Recovery Subsidy.

It is a fortnightly payment of up to the maximum rate of existing Newstart
Allowance for a period of 13 weeks. Flood victims are eligible for the subsidy
if they are 16 years and older; an Australian citizen; not currently receiving
substantive income support payments or pension; derive an income from or live in
the area affected by the disaster and have experienced a loss of income as a
direct result of the floods.

Those eligible will receive up to: $469.70 per fortnight for a single adult;
$424 per fortnight per adult who is a member of a couple; $508.20 per fortnight
for a single adult with a dependent child; and $388.70 per fortnight for a
person who is under 21 years of age.

In addition, there are a range of other payments and grants available for
businesses, primary producers and residents to help them get back on their feet.

For more information about assistance:

* Individuals should phone the Australian Government's Emergency Assistance
Hotline on 1800 22 66 or the Queensland Department of Community Services on 1800
173 349.

* Primary Producers and small business operators should call The Queensland
Rural Adjustment Authority on 1800 623 946.

There is more information available at the Disaster Assist website,
www.disasterassist.gov.au, or via Centrelink at www.centrelink. gov.au.

STATE GOVERNMENT

QUEENSLANDERS can access a range of assistance from the State Government.

* Personal Hardship Assistance Grants - A grant of $170 per person, up to a
maximum of $850 for a family of five or more is available. This grant is
available to people experiencing hardship due to the disaster who require
assistance to meet their basic needs.

Personal Hardship Assistance is not means tested, but if flood victims are
seeking assistance you will need to establish that you have experienced, or will
experience, personal hardship.

* Structural Assistance Grants - $10,500 for adult individuals and $14,200 for a
couple or family. This is for property owners whose home has been damaged by the
disaster. The home must be uninsured.

* Essential Household Contents Grants - assistance of up to $1705 for a single
adult and $5120 for a couple or families.

These are available to low-income families to help with the replacement or
repair of uninsured, essential household contents which have been lost, damaged
or destroyed by flooding.

There is assistance available for businesses and primary producers. This
includes:

* Grants of up to $25,000 for small businesses and primary producers for clean
up and recovery.

* Concessional interest rate loans of up to $250,000 for small business
operators and primary producers, as well as freight subsidies of up to $5000.

For more information about assistance:

* Individuals should phone the Queensland Department of Community Services on
1800 173 349.

* Primary Producers and small business operators should call The Queensland
Rural Adjustment Authority 1800 623 946.

* Applications for financial assistance can also be made at www. communities.
qld.gov.au.

LOCAL GOVERNMENT

THE Brisbane City Council said those who are flood affected will be given the
following financial relief:

* Flood victims will receive an extra 30 days to pay rates bills.

* All Brisbane ratepayers in flood-affected homes will receive a $100 rebate on
their water bill so they can use the water needed to clean up after the flood.

* Council will not operate parking meters or enforce timed parking zones and
parking bays for 30 days in flood-affected areas.

* Council advises affected residents to contact their service providers to
arrange extensions on any other bills.

For further information, call Council's contact centre on 3403 8888.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CML


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              553 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                 Daily The Post

                            October 9, 2010 Saturday

SFD to provide $23.3m to Unicef for humanitarian activities in Pakistan

LENGTH: 274  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


The Saudi Fund for Development (SFD) of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia will provide
a grant of $23.3 million to the United Nations Children's Fund (Unicef) for
humanitarian activities in Pakistan. A Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) to this
effect was signed here on Friday.

"This grant by the government of Saudi Arabia is for urgent support to maternal
and child healthcare, nutrition services for children and pregnant women, and
providing safe drinking water and adequate sanitation facilities in the IDP
camps," said Engineer Mohamed Al Arifi, head of the SFD delegation. He said the
Saudi government has always shown its desire to provide financial assistance to
Pakistan on humanitarian grounds. This relief assistance comes under Saudi
Arabia's pledge of $100 million to the IDPs, he added. In 2009, mass
displacement of population took place as a result of militancy in north-western
Pakistan. Nearly three million people were displaced of which many still reside
in camps and with host communities. The SFD grant will go towards UNICEF's
ongoing humanitarian assistance for populations affected in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa
and Fata. This generous donation by the SFD will go a long way in helping Unicef
to continue to provide improved and expanded services in the areas of health,
education, drinking water, sanitation and hygiene to women and children affected
by militancy in Pakistan, said Daniel Toole, regional director for South Asia
and Special Representative for Unicef in Pakistan. Successive emergencies in
Pakistan pose a greater challenge for humanitarian organisations and additional
funds are needed for a sustained response.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2010 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              554 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Santa Cruz Sentinel (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 20, 2014 Thursday

Construction underway on Lompico emergency pipeline

BYLINE: Kara Guzman, Santa Cruz Sentinel, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 370 words


March 20--Lompico >> Construction has started on an emergency pipeline between
the Lompico and San Lorenzo Valley water districts, a move expected to bring
drought relief to the small, rural community.

On Jan. 28, Lompico County Water District was named by the state health
department as one of 17 California districts in danger of running out of water
within 60 to 120 days.

Despite February's rainfall, well production has continued to drop, said Lois
Henry, board president. A pipeline would preclude the need to truck in water
during summer months, she said.

An unexpected twist is that more than a third of the pipeline, initially planned
to be temporary, will now be permanent. Due to the number of driveways and trees
along Lake Boulevard, the pipeline will have to go underground, meaning an
additional cost that is still undetermined, said Rick Rogers, San Lorenzo Valley
Water District operations director.

The Lake Boulevard Road Association, a neighborhood coalition, proposed a
$24,000 plan at Tuesday's Lompico board meeting that calls for new 800-foot road
overlay instead of the asphalt repair patches San Lorenzo Valley's district
intends to use. The board approved using emergency grant funding to cover half
the cost, provided the Lake Boulevard Road Association would cover the rest.

The pipeline project may exceed the $115,000 budget, said Henry, who added that
she expects the state public health department's assistance for further grant
funding.

Construction is expected to be completed by the end of April, Rogers said.

"Those people are rationing right now, and every day you never know if there's
going to be a main break," Rogers said. "There's a lot of pressure to get this
installed sooner than later."

Lompico customers have been under mandatory rationing since Jan. 21, but the
district has yet to address fines for noncompliance. At its Tuesday meeting, the
board directed Henry to determine possible dates for a special meeting to
declare an emergency water shortage, which would allow the district to charge
fines.

___ (c)2014 the Santa Cruz Sentinel (Scotts Valley, Calif.) Visit the Santa Cruz
Sentinel (Scotts Valley, Calif.) at www.santacruzsentinel.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140320-QC-Construction-underway-on-Lompico-emergency
-pipeline-0320-20140320

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QC


                       Copyright 2014 Santa Cruz Sentinel


                              555 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                      IBNS

                     September 5, 2015 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Yemen: UN emergency fund releases $15 million for critical aid operations

BYLINE: India Blooms News Service

LENGTH: 525  words


New York, Sep 5 (IBNS): The head of the United Nations humanitarian wing on
Friday released an emergency allocation of $15 million to help alleviate the
"almost incomprehensible" scale of human suffering in Yemen where a "shocking"
four out of every five Yemenis are lacking in such basic items for survival as
clean water, food, fuel, and medicines.

The civilian population is bearing the brunt of the conflict: a shocking four
out of five Yemenis require humanitarian assistance and nearly 1.5 million
people are internally displaced, said Stephen OBrien, the UN
Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs, who is also the UN Emergency
Relief Coordinator. Meanwhile, the World Food Programme (WFP), which is trying
to expand assistance in Yemen to reach the more than 6 million people who
require food aid announced today that enough wheat to feed more than 1 million
for two months has arrived. WFP said the wheat from the United States Agency for
International Development (USAID) arrived at the Al-Saleef port in north-western
Yemen and is being milled into flour at the port. The announcement by Office for
the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA) reported that OBrien released an
additional $15 million from the UN Central Emergency Response Fund (CERF),
bringing support for humanitarian operations in Yemen to more than $44 million
in 2015. According OCHA, the provision of basic services, including water,
sanitation and healthcare, has been severely disrupted. Despite these immense
challenges and safety concerns, relief organizations on the ground are working
hard to reach people in need, according OCHA. This latest allocation from CERF
will help reduce the risk of communicable diseases through waste clean-up, the
provision of clean water and urgent supplies for health facilities, it said. It
added, CERF funds will be used for demining and the removal of unexploded
ordnance, which will increase the safety of civilians and expand humanitarian
space to reach people in need. It said, People who have fled their homes will
also receive household supplies such as mattresses, blankets, kitchen sets and
water buckets. The conflict in Yemen intensified in March this year and aid
agencies have since received over $44 million from CERF for critical assistance,
including the provision of fuel, medicine, clean water, sanitation services and
nutrition, OCHA said. The CERF grants have been used to scale-up humanitarian
air services and improve port facilities, facilitating the delivery of
lifesaving assistance to affected communities. CERF continues to provide a
lifeline for humanitarian operations in Yemen, but more funds are urgently
needed, OBrien said. I urge donors to continue supporting relief efforts in
Yemen. The Fund pools donor contributions in a single fund so that money is
available to start or continue urgent relief work anywhere in the world. Since
its inception in 2006, 125 UN Member States and dozens of private sector donors
and regional authorities have contributed to the Fund. CERF has allocated more
than $4 billion in support of humanitarian operations in 95 countries and
territories. Photo: WFP

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


            Copyright 2015 India Blooms., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              556 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                              June 10, 2011 Friday

28, 000 Inhabitants of Mailuu-Suu Valey in the Kyrgyz Republic to Benefit from
Improved and Safer Access on the Road to Villages

LENGTH: 693  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, June 10 -- The World Bank's Board of Directors today approved an
Additional Grant in the amount of US$ 1 million to support the on-going Disaster
Hazard Mitigation Project in the Kyrgyz Republic. The additional funds would
enable repairing the flood damage inflicted last spring on crucial road
infrastructure necessary for the transport of radioactive materials from their
currently unsafe locations to the new and engineered disposal sites.

The road repair is also crucial to ensure long term, sustainable protection of
the road from repeated damage by extreme flood events. It also provides a safe
alternative transport route in Mailuu-Suu valley as a benefit for the local
population who will have improved and safer access on the road to their
villages. This would also increase safety of public transport by avoiding
sections of high landslide risk on the existing road on the other side of the
river bank.

Furthermore, the grant would also contribute to the relocation of additional
volumes of radioactive waste rock discovered during the original project
implementation, as well as the continued relocation of radioactive tailings.
This material is currently exposed to erosion, dislocation and dissipation by
the surface water network. The grant will also eliminate the risk of landslides
occurring at the waste dump site, which could block and dam up the river and
trigger flood waves and mudslides with catastrophic consequences for downstream
population and ecosystems. Lastly, the funds would support monitoring activities
for strengthening capacities of measuring uranium and other toxicological
elements in various water resources.

"The grant will improve both the environment and the health situation around
Mailuu-Suu," says Alexander Kremer, Country Manager in the Kyrgyz Republic. "It
will protect rural people from radioactivity and devastating floods, as well as
connecting their villages to the road network."

The original project was designed to mitigate existing negative impacts by
radioactive waste materials deposited in multiple locations around Mailuu-Suu.
The overall project impact is already positive: amelioration and strengthening
works along the Aylampa-Sai River are completed and the behavior of this
structure during and after the rain season is satisfactory. Works were executed
on several tailings and waste dumps to address the most serious safety issues.
The waste Dump which was in the center of Kara-Jigach village before the project
has been relocated. A new National Emergency Response and Management Plan has
been prepared under the project and will be approved by the Government shortly.
Activities under additional financing will also cover repair works of
infrastructure built, and address newly discovered quantities of waste.

The World Bank has been engaged in disaster mitigation operations in other ECA
countries, including Romania, Poland, Russia, Albania, Turkey and Moldova. With
this background, the Bank has the ability to focus not only on the physical, but
also the institutional, economic, and social aspects of disaster mitigation and
to strengthen the capacity in the country and in the implementing agency
regarding a more pro-active approach of disaster management.

The Disaster Hazard Mitigation Project will be implemented within a year by the
Ministry of Emergency Situations of the Kyrgyz Republic.

The World Bank's overall mission in the Kyrgyz Republic is to promote economic
growth, reduce poverty, and encourage a better quality of life. 45 percent of
the World Bank's assistance to the Kyrgyz Republic is in the form of grants. The
other 55 percent is in highly concessional credits - no interest, and only a
0.75 percent service charge. Credits are repayable in 40 years, including a
10-year grace period, while grants require no repayment. The financial
assistance to the Kyrgyz Republic since 1992 amounts to around 1 billion, in the
form of grants and highly concessional credits Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to this article or
any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              557 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                      December 7, 2015 Monday 5:14 PM GMT

Pictured: The flood-hit site Northern Ireland's Environment Minister said could
become a major retail park;
Storm Desmond caused flooding across Strabane

SECTION: NORTHERN IRELAND

LENGTH: 646 words


This is the water-logged, flooded site where Northern Ireland's Environment
Minister granted a planning application for the construction of a major retail
park.

Over the weekend Storm Desmond wreaked havoc across the country with heavy
rainfall causing widespread flooding.

Among those impacted was the Lifford Road site in Strabane which was completely
flooded and remains water logged.

Now questions have been asked after Environment Minister Mark H Durkan granted a
planning application at the 'clearly identified flood plain'.

The Northern Ireland Independent Retail Trade Association (NIIRTA) and Strabane
Chamber of Commerce has called upon the Mr Durkan to explain why he thought it
was appropriate to grant the Strabane "out of town" Three Rivers application in
a clearly identified flood plain in the countryside.

In a joint statement NIIRTA Chief Executive Glyn Robert and Strabane Chamber
President Colm Gallagher said the flooding of the site "proves their point" and
that Mr Durkan "overruled professional advice" to grant permission for a major
retail development in the "middle of a flood plain".

It said: "Over the last number of years, both our organisations repeatedly
pointed out to the Minister and Planning Service that the Three Rivers out of
town retail application was completely unsuitable for retail development given
its threat to Strabane Town Centre and the fact that is located on a floodplain
in the countryside.

"The flooding of the entire Three Rivers site proves our point.

"Despite these significant concerns, Minister Durkan overruled the professional
advice from his own Planning Officers, the views of Strabane Chamber and NIIRTA
to grant permission for a major retail development in the middle of a flood
plain.

"If the major retail hypermarket had already been constructed on the site it
would certainly have suffered major flood damage and had significant
environmental impacts on the countryside.

"Strabane Town Centre is the location for future retail development, not a flood
plain in the countryside. The town is open for business and is keen to attract
new retailers to help make a Strabane a 21st Century centre of retail
excellence."

Over the weekend 26 people had to be rescued during the adverse weather while
the Northern Ireland Fire and Rescue Service dealt with 37 incidents of
flooding.

Mr Durkan activated an emergency scheme with immediate effect for householders
affected by the deluge.

Speaking at the time he said: "Individual householders will be eligible for a
£1,000 payment as an offer of practical assistance to those who have suffered
severe inconvenience to ensure homes are made habitable as quickly as possible.

"I realise that it's not just homes but businesses and community buildings which
can be damaged from severe flooding. That's why I'm working to try to have the
scheme extended so these premises can also apply for emergency financial
assistance. It is not a compensation payment."

Mark H Durkan told the Belfast Telegraph: "I have previously made clear my
reasons for granting outline planning permission for a comprehensive mixed use
development on this site.

"I was fully aware that the site was outside the defined development limit of
Strabane and also that it was located in a floodplain.  The planning permission
does require the implementation of adequate flood mitigation measures, if the
development were to go ahead.

"My decision recognised the potential significance that the development could
have, not only for Strabane but the wider north west region.

"It has the potential to offer new employment opportunities associated with the
wide range of uses and investment in infrastructure.  This would, in time,
result in growth to the local economy and offset any negative impact for
Strabane. Overall I considered that the potential benefits were determining
factors in granting planning permission."

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2015 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              558 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                           February 24, 2015 Tuesday

PHL top recipient of ADB disaster fund

BYLINE: Mikhail Franz E. Flores

SECTION: Pg. S1/4

LENGTH: 442 words


THE PHILIPPINES was the largest recipient of an Asian Development Bank (ADB)
disaster fund, which has helped the country in responding to calamities, the
Manila-based lender said in a new report.

ADB, in its "Asia Pacific Disaster Response Fund: Review of Performance" report,
said $39.7 million was approved since 2009, covering assistance to 12 developing
member-economies affected by disasters, including the Philippines.

"The Philippines has been the largest recipients of APDRF (Asia Pacific Disaster
Response Fund) grants, both in number and value. The country has received three
grants, each of the maximum amount of $3 million," ADB noted.

"The Philippines has received 23% of total approved grants in value terms," ADB
added.

The grant includes funding for disaster response in typhoon Ondoy in 2009,
typhoon Sendong in 2011 and typhoon Yolanda in 2013 or a total of $9 million for
the three approvals. Of the $9 million, $1.35 million from the "Ondoy" grant was
unused and returned to the multilateral lender.

"Use of retroactive financing was granted for the 2013 APDRF grant for the
Philippines in an effort to avoid previously encountered issues in liquidation,
which had resulted in the return of a significant part of a 2009 grant," ADB
said.

The grant for typhoon Yolanda, ADB said, was used to procure food and water.

"The maximum amount of $3 million was approved from APDRF in response to the
urgent need to provide support for restoration of life-preserving services to
communities affected by Typhoon Yolanda," ADB said.

For "Sendong", ADB said "the grant was used to purchase food, water, and kitchen
kits; provide transitional shelter; support a cash-for-work initiative to clear
debris; and provide hauling and trucking services."

"The government requested APDRF financial assistance to assist in meeting urgent
needs for food, water, soap, hygiene kits, clothes, medical supplies, and
shelter, as well as to clear debris and provide livelihood support for affected
people," ADB said.

The "Ondoy" grant was used to meet the needs of over 9.3 million affected by the
calamity.

"The grant was used to (i) buy food, mats, water jugs, plasticbags, rice bags,
mosquito nets, blankets, and fuel; (ii) purchase one forklift truck and two
handpallet trucks; (iii) provide cash assistance; (iv) provide cash for work;
and (v) provide medical, burial, and transportation assistance. An undisbursed
balance of $1.35 million was returned to the fund," ADB said.

ADB's Board of Directors approved the APDRF on April 1, 2009 as a special fund
to provide timely aid for developing member economies cover the initial costs in
responding to a major disaster.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              559 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    October 10, 1994, Monday, Final Edition

SCORECARD OF CLINTON'S 1995 BUDGET REQUESTS

Eric Pianin

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A21; THE FEDERAL PAGE

LENGTH: 2018 words


After Congress reviewed President Clinton's fiscal 1995 budget request, the big
winners in the 13 appropriations bills were transportation, prisons and the
National Institutes of Health; the big loser was Russia, losing assistance worth
$ 1.58 billion. Cuts and increases represent difference from fiscal '94 levels.
A roundup by agency and program:


Agriculture and Rural Development

Fiscal '94 Appropriation .............. $ 70.9 billion

Clinton request ....................... $ 68.4 billion

Fiscal '95 Final passage .............. $ 68.0 billion


* Top cuts

Low-income housing loans levels ...... -$ 550 million

Rural rental housing loan levels ..... -$ 320 million

Operating loan levels ................ -$ 200 million

Export enhancement program ........... -$ 200 million

Watershed and flood prevention ....... -$ 151 million


**Top increases

Women and Infants program (WIC) ...... $ 260 million

Industrial development loan level ...  $ 251 million

Section 502 low-income housing ....... $ 250 million

REA Treasury rate telephone loans ....  $ 99 million

Rural rental assistance ............... $ 76 million



Commerce, Justice, State and Judiciary

Fiscal '94 Appropriation ............ $ 24.17 billion

Clinton request ..................... $ 27.75 billion

Fiscal '95 Final passage ............ $ 26.83 billion


* Top cuts

USIA salaries and expenses ........... -$ 252 million

Maritime Administration .............. -$ 148 million

NOAA/fleet modernization .............. -$ 54 million

SBA business loans .................... -$ 23 million

Support of U.S. prisoners ............. -$ 15 million


** Top increases

Community policing (cop on beat) ..... $ 1.3 billion

Federal prison system ................ $ 417 million

Immigration initiative ............... $ 284 million

SBA/business loans/guaranteed loans ... $ 296 million

NIST/advanced technology program ..... $ 232 million



District of Columbia

Fiscal '94 Appropriation .............. $ 700 million

Clinton request ....................... $ 722 million

Fiscal '95 Final passage .............. $ 712 million

** Top increase

Increase in federal payment .......... $ 29 million



Defense

Fiscal '94 Appropriation .............. $ 239.46 billion

Clinton request ....................... $ 244.46 billion

Fiscal '95 Final passage .............. $ 243.62 billion


* Top cuts

LHD amphibious ship .................. -$ 894 million

National defense sealift fund ........ -$ 817 million

Military personnel, Navy ............. -$ 762 million

Military personnel, Army ............. -$ 686 million

F/A-18 fighter aircraft procurement... -$ 630 million


** Top increases

Army operation and maintenance ....... $ 1.7 billion

Navy operation and maintenance ....... $ 1.2 billion

Operation and maintenance defense-wide .. $ 1 billion

Navy aircraft carrier replacement ...... $ 1 billion

Navy V-22 tilt-rotor aircraft ........ $ 457 million



Energy and Water Development

Fiscal '94 Appropriation .............. $ 21.87 billion

Clinton request ....................... $ 20.51 billion

Fiscal '95 Final passage .............. $ 20.49 billion


* Top cuts

Superconducting Super Collider ....... -$ 640 million

U.S. Army Corps/general investigations -$ 417 million

Nuclear weapons activities ........... -$ 366 million

Nuclear materials support ............ -$ 188 million

Defense environmental restorations .... -$ 89 million


** Top increases

Nuclear waste disposal fund .......... $ 133 million

Solar and renewable .................. $ 40 million

Appalachian Regional Commission ....... $ 33 million

Biological and environmental research .. $ 28 million

Non-defense environmental restoration .. $ 27 million



Foreign Operations

Fiscal '94 Appropriation ............... $ 13.7 billion

Clinton request ....................... $ 13.82 billion

Fiscal '95 Final passage .............. $ 13.67 billion


* Top cuts

Assistance to former USSR ............ -$ 1.58 billion

Inter-American Development Bank ....... -$ 28 million

Asian Development Bank ................. -$ 13 million


** Top increases

International Development Association . $ 211 million

Overseas Private Investment Corp. loans $ 125 million

Asian Development Fund ............... $ 105 million

European Bank ......................... $ 69 million

Global Environment Facility/World Bank.  $ 60 million



Interior

Fiscal '94 Appropriation .............. $ 13.81 billion

Clinton request ....................... $ 13.71 billion

Fiscal '95 Final passage .............. $ 13.57 billion


* Top cuts

Energy Department/clean coal technology -$ 188 million

Strategic Petroleum Reserve ........... -$ 54 million

Forest Service/construction ........... -$ 50 million

Indian Health Service/construction .... -$ 43 million

Bureau of Indian Affairs/construction .. -$ 37 million


** Top increases

Indian Health Service/health services .. $ 67 million

Bureau of Indian Affairs/programs ..... $ 36 million

Forest Service/emergency firefighting .. $ 36 million

Energy conservation/building .......... $ 35 million

Smithsonian Institution ............... $ 30 million



Labor, Health and Human Services

Fiscal '94 Appropriation .............. $ 261.85 billion

Clinton request ....................... $ 254.26 billion

Fiscal '95 Final passage .............. $ 252.98 billion


* Top cuts

Low-income home energy assistance ... -$ 118 million

Education impact aid ................. -$ 70 million

Labor Dept. youth training ........... -$ 60 million

Chapter 2 education ................. -$ 22 million

Substance abuse treatment ............ -$ 20 million


** Top increases

National Institutes of Health ........ $ 396 million

Education Department Chapter 1 program $ 321 million

Education Department Goals 2000 ...... $ 298 million

Head Start ........................... $ 210 million

Social Security administrative expenses $ 161 million



Legislative Branch

Fiscal '94 Appropriation .............. $ 2.35 billion

Clinton request ....................... $ 2.6 billion

Fiscal '95 Final passage .............. $ 2.45 billion


* Top cuts

House franked mail ................... -$ 9 million

Senate operations .................... -$ 6 million


** Top increases

House of Representatives ............. $ 42 million

General Accounting Office ............ $ 19 million

Other congressional offices .......... $ 16 million

Library of Congress .................. $ 13 million

Joint items .......................... $ 7 million



Military Construction

Fiscal '94 Appropriation .............. $ 9.46 billion

Clinton request ....................... $ 8.34 billion

Fiscal '95 Final passage .............. $ 8.83 billion


* Top cuts

Base realignment and closure/part two . -$ 1.1 billion

Military construction, Air Force ..... -$ 450 million

Military construction, Army .......... -$ 320 million

Military construction, Navy .......... -$ 160 million

Military construction,Army National Guard -$ 107 million


** Top increases

Base realignment and closure/part three $ 1.68 billion

Family housing, Navy and

Marine Corps, maintenance............. $ 206 million

Family housing construction, Air Force. $ 90 million

Family housing maintenance, Air Force. $ 89 million



Transportation

Fiscal '94 Appropriation .............. $ 13.57 billion

Clinton request ....................... $ 13.78 billion

Fiscal '95 Final passage .............. $ 14.26 billion


* Top cuts

Federal aid for highways (obligated) .. -$ 430 million

Grants-in-aid for airports ........... -$ 240 million

DOT procurement ..................... -$ 65 million

Discretionary grants ................. -$ 60 million

FAA facilities and equipment ......... -$ 33 million


** Top increases

Surface transportation projects ...... $ 196 million

Federal aid for highways (exempt) .... $ 151 million

Federal Transit Administration

formula grants ........................ $ 85 million

Federal Highway Administration

general operations .................... $ 56 million

Amtrak operations ..................... $ 53 million



Treasury, Postal Service

and General Government

Fiscal '94 Appropriation .............. $ 22.74 billion

Clinton request ....................... $ 24.24 billion

Fiscal '95 Final passage .............. $ 23.34 billion


** Top cuts

GSA construction .................... -$ 323 million

IRS processing tax returns .......... -$ 186 million

IRS information systems .............. -$ 83 million

Financial Management Service ......... -$ 26 million

Treasury Forfeiture Fund ............. -$ 18 million


** Top increases

IRS tax law enforcement ............. $ 377 million

GSA repairs and alteration .......... $ 197 million

GSA real property operations ......... $ 84 million

IRS administration and management .... $ 58 million

GSA rental of space .................. $ 56 million



VA, HUD and Independent Agencies

Fiscal '94 Appropriation ............. $ 88.51 billion

Clinton request ....................... $ 90.1 billion

Fiscal '95 Final passage ............. $ 90.56 billion


** Top cuts

HUD Section 8 contract renewal ....... -$ 1.9 billion

NASA ................................. -$ 551 million

HUD severely distressed public housing. -$ 278 million

HUD Section 8 amendments ............. -$ 140 million

HUD Hope grants ....................... -$ 59 million


** Top increases

HUD assisted housing ................. $ 1.9 billion

VA medical care ...................... $ 610 million

EPA water infrastructure ............. $ 485 million

NASA national aeronautical facilities . $ 400 million

HUD homeless assistance .............. $ 297 million



Grand totals:

Fiscal '94 Appropriation .............. $ 782 billion

Clinton request ....................... $ 783 billion

Fiscal '95 Final passage .............. $ 779 billion


FIGURES REPRESENT BUDGET AUTHORITY AND INCLUDE DISCRETIONARY AND MANDATORY
SPENDING


Program Terminations:

Agriculture

* Water bank program

* Agricultural resource conservation demonstration program

* Supervisory and technical assistance grants

* Emergency community water assistance grants

* Low-income housing (Section 502)

* Soil and water loan level

* Conservation loan level

* Water and sewer facility loan level

* Credit sales of acquired property loan level



Commerce-Justice-State

* U.S. bilateral science and technology agreements



Defense

* Certain Navy helicopter procurement

* Certain flight test and launch activities



District of Columbia

* Federal contribution for crime and youth initiatives



Energy and Water

* Advanced liquid metal reactor



Foreign Operations

* Multilateral assistance initiative for the Philippines



Labor-HHS-Education

* Job training for homeless -- regular program

* Drug abuse campus program

* Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration building and
facilities

* Community Services Block Grant technical assistance

* Drug-free school postsecondary education programs

* General assistance to the Virgin Islands

* Territorial teacher training

* Follow Through

* Gallaudet University construction

* Bilingual vocational training

* Assistance to Guam

* Women and minority participation in graduate education

* FIRST -- Grants for schools and teachers

* FIRST -- Family-school partnership

* Blue ribbon schools

* College library technology

* Research libraries



Legislative

* Copyright royalty tribunal



Transportation

* FAA microwave landing systems

* FAA Sunday premium pay

* FAA transient crew security system

* National Highway Traffic Safety Administration Section 153 safety
belt/motorcycle use grants and Section 408 alcohol incentive grants



VA-HUD

* HUD-Capacity building for community development affordable housing

* HUD national cities in schools in community development

SOURCE: House Appropriations Committee


LOAD-DATE: October 9, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION, TOBEY

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS, LIST

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                              560 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                      Tri-County News (Kimball, Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 12, 2013

Fischbach votes to support disaster relief;
During the 2013 Special Session

BYLINE: Tri-County News staff

LENGTH: 349  words


Monday, Sept. 9, the Minnesota legislature held a special session to address
disaster relief for communities across the state impacted by severe storms, high
winds, and flooding between June 20 and 26, 2013. State Senator Michelle
Fischbach (R-Paynesville) voted in support of state aid for disaster relief.

"We have a rich tradition of supporting Minnesota communities and I am glad we
worked together to provide disaster relief," said Senator Fischbach. "Stearns
County experienced approximately $550,000 in damages due to this storm."

More than 600,000 homes and businesses throughout Minnesota lost electricity,
making this the largest power outage in state history. Some utility customers
were without light, refrigeration, climate control, and many amenities for as
long as a week. Widespread road closures disrupted travel for residents,
farmers, truckers, postal delivery, and emergency services with whole cities
being isolated until water receded and debris could be cleared.

The damage estimate for Minnesota from the storm is $17,880,840. President
Barack Obama signed a federal disaster declaration which paved the way for
federal aid for recovery and rebuilding efforts and will contribute
approximately $13.4 million. However, it must be partly matched by a $4.5
million state contribution (25 percent) which requires legislative
authorization. These funds will be available to local governments for their
emergency work including repair or replacement of facilities damaged in the
storms, debris removal, protective measures, and repair of roads, bridges, and
water control faculties. Funds will be limited to public and utility
infrastructure and no individual assistance has been requested or authorized.
Money for the state's contribution will come from transferring unused funds from
previous state disasters.

Eighteen counties were included in the federal disaster declaration and will
receive assistance. They include Benton, Big Stone, Douglas, Faribault,
Fillmore, Freeborn, Grant, Hennepin, Houston, McLeod, Morrison, Pope, Sibley,
Stearns, Stevens, Swift, Traverse, and Wilkin.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Disaster and Accident

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TCO

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2013 Tri-County News


                              561 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                              July 21, 2006 Friday
                                  ALL EDITION

PANEL TO PUT CITIZENS TO WORK IN EMERGENCIES

BYLINE: By Bill Novak The Capital Times

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 375 words


Community leaders are being tapped by County Executive Kathleen Falk to form the
Dane County Citizen Corps Council, which will develop emergency response teams,
medical reserves and police assistance units during large-scale emergencies.

"This corps of trained citizens will be ready to partner with our professional
emergency leaders to provide a quick, effective response in the event of a
disaster," Falk said in a statement issued Thursday. "But this is not just
disaster-related. This group will also be trained to help when large-scale
community events such as Rhythm & Booms are planned."

Members invited to take part in the council include Public Health Director Dr.
Thomas Schlenker, Dane County Human Services Director Lynn Green, Dane County
Medical Society Executive Director Steve Lorenz, Middleton EMS Director Steve
Wunsch, and a dozen other medical and emergency services leaders in the county.

The council will meet for the first time Aug. 4 at 10:30 a.m. in the Public
Safety Building.

The Citizens Corps is being funded through a $53,000 federal grant from the
Homeland Security Administration.

"These dollars will be used for several initiatives where trained citizens
helping professional emergency workers could mean the difference between life
and death, or between minor and serious injuries," Falk said.

The Medical Reserve Corps would use trained volunteers during local emergencies
as part of a regional response that would be called into action with
counterparts in Milwaukee.

The Volunteers in Police Services program would train volunteers in law
enforcement assistance in both the Madison Police Department and the Dane County
Sheriff's Office for such duties as search and rescue and fingerprinting, and as
ambassadors in public education events.

The Citizen Corps Emergency Response K-9 Team would be a "dog disaster" team,
with dogs trained to find victims in rubble, storm debris or water.

The K-9 team would be the first FEMA-certified dog rescue unit in Wisconsin.

"The closest K-9 search teams are based in Missouri and Indiana," Falk said.
"That's too far away when you're talking about the best chance for victim
survival."

The council hopes to have volunteer recruiting plans in place by November.

E-mail: bnovak@madison.com

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Madison Newspapers, Inc.


                              562 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Ottumwa Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 7, 2013 Sunday

Destroyed infrastructure to see federal funds

BYLINE: Chelsea Davis, Ottumwa Courier, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 797 words


July 07--OTTUMWA -- Back-to-back flash flooding has resulted in two presidential
disaster declarations for the area, which will include funding for
reconstruction efforts and hazard mitigation projects.

This week, 47 Iowa counties received a presidential disaster declaration.
Ottumwa and Wapello County sustained damages after heavy rainfall in a short
time span caused flash flooding the last week of May.

Wapello County Emergency Management coordinator Josh Stevens said the exact cost
of damages from those storms is unknown, but preliminary figures show a bill
between $400,000 and $500,000. April's flash flooding caused more than $1
million in damages in the county.

Now that Wapello County has received the disaster declaration, there will be an
applicant briefing for the affected public entities. After that, a kickoff
meeting with each individual entity will be held to discuss damages and needed
projects, which is when funding will be determined.

"It's not a set number," he said. "All funding is based off the projects you
have."

One federally-funded project is the reconstruction of 90th Street, a chunk of
which was completely washed away during flash flooding on April 17.

From the most recent incident, 118th Avenue, Rock Bluff Road and Point Isabelle
Bridge will likely receive funding, as all were heavily damaged during flash
floods Memorial Day weekend.

"We definitely surpassed our pre-set thresholds statewide," Stevens said of the
estimated $22 million in damages statewide between May 19 and June 23.

Wapello County previously received presidential disaster declarations during the
2010 and 2008 floods and the ice storm in 2007.

But public assistance is in no way related to individual assistance, Stevens
said, which Wapello County did not receive.

Public assistance is for governmental entities and some private non-profit
organizations, whose infrastructure sustained damages.

Individual assistance is for residents and their homes. Those damages can be
ranked as minor, affected but habitable, major or destroyed.

But only a group of residences (usually 35 to 40 or more) classified as "major"
or "destroyed" can be eligible for individual assistance. One or two homes
ranked that high will not qualify a county for individual assistance.

"Major means a collapsed basement wall or more than 6 inches of water on the
main living level," he said. "It's strange, because in 2010 we went to locations
that had water all the way to the ceiling in the basement, but that's considered
'minor' damage to FEMA. Everyone says, 'I had major damage,' and they did, but
to FEMA, 'major' means something different."

While Wapello County did not meet the threshold for for individual assistance
for either of this year's disasters, the emergency management team still
collects information from those whose homes were slammed by flash flooding.

"It's unfortunate because people did receive some damages, but at the same time,
FEMA writes the rules for those programs, and we just try to accurately report
those damages as best we can to see if we can get help for those folks," he
said.

Presidential disaster declarations also open up funding for hazard mitigation
projects.

"Once FEMA determines how much damage there is for the entire disaster
statewide, a percentage of that money they give Iowa is set aside for mitigation
purposes," he said. "Mitigation, to us, means lessening the effects of a
disaster on a community or population."

That's how the Cardinal Community School District was able to construct its new
tornado shelter, or "safe room," for which the district received $550,000 after
becoming part of the Wapello County Hazard Mitigation Plan.

"If a project is ... really needed, they can get the entire project done with 15
percent local money," Stevens said, since hazard mitigation projects are 75
percent federally-funded and 10-percent state funded.

"The city of Ottumwa got a lot of mitigation dollars in the last 10 years
because they're very active in pursuing those," he said.

That includes the recently awarded $12 million FEMA grant for the $16.22 million
West End Sewer Separation Project. The city applied for the grant following the
2008 floods.

"Fortunately or unfortunately, we've had enough disasters in southeast Iowa that
our folks are pretty astute with the paperwork, and they know the processes," he
said. "They log man hours and equipment time, and they take lots of pictures so
there's no question later on when the teams come in that this really did happen,
on this date, and this is what we had to do to respond to it."

-- To follow reporter Chelsea Davis on Twitter, head to @ChelseaLeeDavis.

___ (c)2013 the Ottumwa Courier (Ottumwa, Iowa) Visit the Ottumwa Courier
(Ottumwa, Iowa) at www.ottumwacourier.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130707-OT-Destroyed-infrastructure-to-see-federal-funds-0707-20130707

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OT


                         Copyright 2013 Ottumwa Courier


                              563 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                           November 25, 2010 Thursday

Rural development at work

BYLINE: Jay Healy

SECTION: COMMENTARY; AS I SEE IT; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 704 words


Folks are hurting, and many are questioning those of us who work in government.
They say we are overpaid and underachieving, especially in addressing some of
the mammoth economic issues facing our nation. Elected officials are often held
in low regard, and taxpayers' frustrations are at the boiling point. Phrases
like "stimulus package" and "job creation" elicit, in some, vitriol and fury.

This surprises me somewhat because much of the stimulus package is actually
working. A recent economic study argues that unemployment would have skyrocketed
to over 11 percent without the legislation. While many economists split hairs
over the size of the stimulus package, most agree that it was needed and has
been reasonably successful. James Surowiecki, in a recent New Yorker magazine
article, stated, "The weight of the evidence suggests that fiscal policy
softened the impact of the recession, boosting demand, creating jobs, and
helping the economy start growing again." And the nonpartisan Congressional
Budget Office estimates that the Recovery Act has reduced unemployment by
anywhere from 0.8 percent to 1.7 percent in the past few months.

A recent Boston Globe article ("Not So Bad in Bay State"; Steven Syre, Sept. 28)
stated that Massachusetts places fifth "in economic growth from the start of the
recession to the trough in June 2009 and from that bottom through this summer"
compared to all other states.

"Taken together," said the author, "... those measures of the Massachusetts
economy portray a sputtering machine that still performed better than average in
tough times."

USDA Rural Development is in the job creation and economic revitalization
business. We provide assistance in the form of loans, grants and loan
guarantees. Our loan guarantees encourage local banks to finance local
businesses by mitigating banks' risk - helping farmers and small businesses get
the capital they need.

In Massachusetts alone, we committed over $285 million with a staff of
approximately 40 people. That means for every dollar of funding assistance
provided for infrastructure improvements, emergency response systems, health
care facilities, rural housing and small business job creation, taxpayers have
spent mere pennies on the administration of these vital loans.

The scope of these numbers can obscure the real value of these projects for our
area. The importance of each project can be lost. Thankfully, the importance
isn't lost on local businesses such as Radant Technologies of Stow. USDA Rural
Development recently guaranteed a $2 million local bank loan that will help
Radant expand operations in order to increase production, fulfilling the demand
generated by the business's new contracts, and keeping high-paying manufacturing
jobs in the region.

In Ashburnham, Rural Development recently provided over $2.6 million in
low-interest loan and grant funds to make improvements to the towns' water
distribution and storage system, financing the construction of a new water
storage tank and installing new water mains.

The Warren Public Library also benefited from USDA Rural Development grant
assistance this year. New laptops, scanners and printers were purchased for the
library with help from Rural Development's Community Facilities Grant Program.

And let's not forget about the 280 local families who've been able to purchase
or rent a safe, affordable home with Rural Development's help. Rural
Development's Area Office in Holden, which serves Worcester, Middlesex, Suffolk
and Essex counties, obligated over $59 million in housing assistance this fiscal
year.

Even one person unemployed is an unimaginable hardship made only too real for
many. However, in our region, nearly a thousand jobs have been created or saved
by Rural Development's assistance. And there's an even greater indirect impact
this assistance has on the local economy: providing further job security and
improving the quality of life in rural Massachusetts.

While adversity brings frustration, and the government is often a target, please
recognize that many of us are working very hard to be a part of the solution
rather than a part of the problem.

Jay Healy is the Massachusetts/Connecticut/Rhode Island State Director for USDA
Rural Development.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
Jay Healy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              564 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    BBC Monitoring Latin America - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             May 11, 2006 Thursday

UN sends flood aid to Surinam

LENGTH: 286 words


Text of report by Caribbean Media Corporation news agency website on 11 May

United Nations: As the waters continue to rise in flooded areas of Surinam, a
six-member United Nations team is heading to the Caribbean Community
(Caricom)-member country to assess the situation, the UN Office for the
Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (OCHA) said Wednesday [10 May].

OCHA, which is sending a cash grant, said about 37,000 people, living on river
banks and on islands in the remote lowlands, have fled to higher ground, but
22,000 of them are homeless.

"OCHA has given a preliminary cash grant of 30,000 US dollars, and the UN
Development Programme (UNDP) has provided 80,000 dollars to the UN country team
for immediate needs," a UN statement said.

The UN Disaster Assessment and Coordination (UNDAC) team carries out a rapid
evaluation of priority needs.

It also supports the national authorities and the UN Resident Coordinator in
organizing the receipt and distribution of international relief in an affected
country.

Heavy rainfall, which started on 1 May, has raised the levels of the Upper
Surinam and other rivers, inundating 25,000 to 30,000 sq.km. of the country's
nearly 163,300 sq.km.

The government of Surinam declared disaster areas, provided emergency funds and
appealed to all national, regional and international institutions to help, OCHA
said.

With buildings, roads, ports, airstrips, telecommunication networks and the
electricity grid damaged, OCHA said preliminary indications are that food,
water, sanitation, emergency shelter, transport and telecommunications, as well
as expertise, are urgently needed.

Source: Caribbean Media Corporation news agency website, Bridgetown, in English
1422 gmt 11 May 06

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2006 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              565 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                 The Morning Bulletin (Rockhampton, Queensland)

                            December 6, 2011 Tuesday

BRIEFS

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 329  words

Seniors' forum

MINISTER for Ageing Mark Butler and Member for Capricornia Kirsten Livermore
will today hold a seniors' forum in Rockhampton at the CQ Leagues Club from 1pm.

Mr Butler will also meet CQUniversity representatives.

Water notices

PEOPLE who live in rental accommodation in the Rockhampton region are to receive
water usage notices for the first time.

Rockhampton Regional Council says the notices are not bills to be paid, but
provide tenants with details of how much water they are using in the hope that
they will inspire them to cut consumption.

Tips for saving water will be included in the information being mailed out this
week.

Water bills are sent to the owners of properties.

Stinger season

BEACH-goers are urged to exercise caution this summer, as conditions may
increase the presence of deadly marine stingers such as Irukandji and Box
Jellyfish in Central Queensland waters.

The Queensland Ambulance Service advises people to avoid contact with marine
stingers and says they can reduce the risk of being stung by wearing
stinger-proof clothing when entering the water.

If a sting has occurred, the best thing to do is get the patient to lay down
somewhere cool and call triple zero (000) to seek advice.

For more information about marine stingers, visit www.marinestingers.com.au.

Arts grants

IF you are a local artist or a member of an art or community group, you should
consider applying for a grant from the Regional Arts Development Fund (RADF).

Applications for the RADF close on Monday, January 30, and Rockhampton Regional
Council is holding information sessions at Rockhampton, Mt Morgan and the
Capricorn Coast to provide assistance to applicants.

To make a booking or for further information, contact council on 4936 8529 or
email dl-RADF@rrc.qld.gov.au

Further information and RADF application forms are available on council's
website at www.rockhamptonregion.qld.gov.au/ under the Your Community tab,
Grants and Sponsorship, Regional Arts Development Fund.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RMB


                    Copyright 2011 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              566 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                             August 20, 2007 Monday
                                 SECOND EDITION

THREE COUNTIES DISASTER AREAS

BYLINE: State Journal staff

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 247 words


Gov. Jim Doyle declared a state of emergency for Crawford, Richland and Vernon
counties Sunday and ordered state emergency management officials to lead the
state's response efforts, directing all state agencies to assist the affected
communities.

"We are using all of our capabilities to quickly respond to this emergency," he
said.

State highway experts will be examining roads and bridges and other
infrastructure for possible damage over the coming days and weeks, said Larry
Reed, director of the state's Bureau of Response and Recovery.

Five or six earthen dams in Vernon County, established for flood control, are
"being stressed very significantly," Doyle said. "Some are in remote areas back
in the coulees and are very difficult to get to with this level of water."

Doyle said a representative from the Federal Emergency Management
Administration's regional office is also expected to view flooded areas.

Steve Olson at the Wisconsin Emergency Management said the agency is focusing on
mitigating any immediate dangers in the flooded areas. But after the situation
is stabilized, counties will report their damage estimates on both public and
private property to the state emergency management officials.

After this preliminary damage assessment, the governor can ask the president to
grant federal assistance through FEMA. The agency evaluates the request, and the
president can issue a disaster declaration, opening up funds for individual,
public and hazard mitigation assistance.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              567 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                           November 11, 2008 Tuesday

COMMUNITY FOUNDATION GRANTS

BYLINE: THE NEW MEXICAN

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. C-3

LENGTH: 1227 words


The Santa Fe Community Foundation awarded 47 grants totaling $435,700 to
nonprofits in Santa Fe, Los Alamos, Mora, San Miguel, Taos and Rio Arriba
counties.

The foundation received 156 applications for grants this summer from nonprofits
applying through the Community Grants Program and the Lesbian and Gay Community
Funding Partnership. The requests exceeded $1.9 million.

Of the grants awarded, $341,000 was given to 34 agencies through the Community
Grants Program for arts, civic affairs, education, environment and health and
human services projects; $20,000 was awarded to five agencies through the
Lesbian and Gay Community Funding Partnership; and $20,000 was awarded to two
organizations through Future Santa Fe, the foundation's giving circle for people
under 50. An additional $54,762 was awarded through donor-advised funds at the
foundation.

ARTS RECIPIENTS

Teatro Paraguas, $4,000 to provide bilingual theater to expand the legacy of
Spanish-language literary arts.

Española Valley Fiber Arts, $10,000 to provide classes in weaving, knitting,
beading and embroidery, and to provide business training for residents of the
region.

Friends of the City of Las Vegas Museum and Rough Riders Memorial Collection,
$3,000 for interactive experiences for children in kindergarten through 12th
grade in Las Vegas, N.M.

Outside In, $10,000 to provide music and performing arts to people with
disabilities who are confined to institutions, and to provide educational
workshops to incarcerated youths and those who have been released.

CIVIC AFFAIRS RECIPIENTS

Santa Farmers Market Institute, $10,000 to develop and support the microlending
program for local farmers.

Farm to Table, $7,500 to link government departments with nonprofits and food
and farming businesses to improve the availability of food for all residents,
particularly those in need.

Santa Fe Mountain Center, $10,000 to promote personal discovery and social
change through experiential programs and leadership training to revitalize and
empower native/indigenous communities.

EDUCATION RECIPIENTS

Adelante! Santa Fe Public Schools, $20,000 for services to homeless students and
their families including food and clothing, school supplies, transportation,
counseling and tutoring.

Think New Mexico, $10,000 to research, develop and implement strategies for
reducing the size of New Mexico public schools.

Girls Inc., $10,000 to expand summer and after-school programs in the Tierra
Contenta and Community College neighborhoods.

Teen Parent Center, Santa Fe Public Schools, $20,000 for support services for
teen parents to complete high school and to function as healthy and nurturing
parents.

ACLU-NM, $11,536 to educate the public about domestic partnership issues.

F.A.C.T., $10,000 for ARTclub at elementary schools, providing free,
high-quality arts education programs for low-income children.

Self Help Inc., $10,000 to help families with basic needs such as crisis
intervention, school supplies, financial literacy, employment searches, job
training and vocational development.

Vecinos del Rio, $10,000 to protect and enhance the quality of life in the
Northern Rio Grande Valley and to create educational opportunities to help
sustain historic communities and traditional cultures.

ENVIRONMENT RECIPIENTS

New Mexico Environment Law Center, $10,000 for environmental justice programs,
and to protect air quality and give disenfranchised communities tools to protect
air quality.

Communities for Clean Water, $5,000 to fund the collaboration of community
groups and individuals to preserve clean water and to restore polluted water.

Earth Care International, $10,000 to educate youth about sustainable community
and interracial cooperation, and preparing individuals for leadership.

LESBIAN AND GAY PARTNERSHIP RECIPIENTS

American Civil Liberties Union NM, $2,500 for the Domestic Partnership Outreach
and Advocacy Campaign.

Girls Inc., $4,000 for the Sticks and Stones program to educate girls and
increase understanding of LGBT concerns.

Santa Fe Mountain Center, $4,000 to educate school communities about homophobia
and discrimination, and to develop strong gay/straight alliances.

Santa Fe Rape Crisis & Trauma Treatment Center, $4,500 for prejudice-reduction
workshops for middle- and high-school students and faculty training through
YODA: Youth Organizing Diversity for All.

Southwest Women's Law Center, $5,000 for protecting LGBT patients' rights at
Christus St. Vincent Regional Medical Center.

HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES RECIPIENTS

Bienvenidos, $5,000 to provide boxes of food, clothing and daily lunches for the
poor and homeless.

CASA, First Judicial District, $10,000 for the "Power-Up" program, which
supports youth ages 14 to 18 who are "aging" out of the foster care system and
transitioning to adult life.

Crisis Center of Northern New Mexico, $7,000 to expand its anti-bullying program
in Española schools.

Faith at Work Community Outreach, $15,000 to provide desperate families with
short-term assistance in the areas of housing and health; to help homeless with
basic needs; and to strengthen community collaborations to leverage more
resources for those in need.

Family Strengths Network, $10,000 to continue providing education, support
groups and activities to families, parents, teens and children in Santa Fe, Rio
Arriba, Los Alamos and Taos counties.

Food for Santa Fe Inc., $7,500 to provide weekly bags of groceries to families
in need who live in the greater Santa Fe area.

Hoy Recovery, $5,000 to provide treatment services to families and individuals
who are at risk or affected by substance abuse.

Kitchen Angels, $15,000 to deliver meals to homebound, chronically ill,
physically disabled and elderly clients.

Las Cumbres Community Services, $10,000 for intensive counseling and care to
families with children under the age of 3.

New Mexico Technology Assistance Program, $7,000 to purchase or install
assistive devices for people with disabilities.

Planned Parenthood of New Mexico, $10,000 for the Adolescent Pregnancy
Prevention Program, a sexual education program for public middle and high
schools in Santa Fe.

Santa Fe Community Services, $10,000 to assist homeless people with food,
clothing and housing referrals, and to provide advocacy services in the areas of
mental health, community assistance and counseling.

Santa Fe Rape Crisis and Trauma Treatment Center, $20,000 to end sexual violence
and other forms of trauma in the community through education, therapeutic
intervention and empowerment of victims and vulnerable populations.

St. Elizabeth Shelter, $20,000 to provide emergency shelter, food, case
management and other referral services to the homeless.

The Food Depot, $20,000 to collect and distribute an average of 230,000 pounds
of food each month to its partner agencies, which in turn distribute food to
people in need.

Youth Shelters and Family Services, $20,000 for emergency shelter/transitional
livin for homeless youth and their children, and to provide counseling and
intervention services to teens and their families to help prevent homelessness.

Additional minigrants were made to the American Lung Association for teen
anti-smoking, Guru Ram Das Center for Medicine for diabetes prevention, Drug
Policy Alliance, Santa Fe Chamber Music Festival for Music in Our Schools, Youth
Media Project, Commonweal Conservancy and the Santa Fe Watershed Association.

The New Mexican

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 The New Mexican


                              568 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              June 16, 2008 Monday

Hope in wake of heartache

BYLINE: COURTNEY BLANCHARD TH staff writer/cblanchard@wcinet.com

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 828 words


Rail headline News You can use County emergency management coordinators: Iowa 3
Dubuque -- Tom Berger, 563-589-4170 3 Clayton -- Joel Biggs, 563-245-3004 3
Delaware -- Mike Ryan, 563-927-3723 3 Jackson -- Lyn Medinger, 563-652-7036
Illinois 3 Jo Daviess -- Susan Coers, 815-288-1455 Wisconsin 3 Grant -- Steve
Braun, 608-723-7171 3 Lafayette -- John Reichling, 608-776-4870 3 Crawford --
Roger Martin, 608-326-0266

Storms that rolled through the area Saturday night and Sunday morning caused
more concern than damage, as water levels continue to fall and local officials
prepare for a week of cleaning up and assessing the damage of recent floods.

On Saturday, storms pelted Lancaster and Bloomington, Wis., with golf ball-sized
hail, said Steve Braun, Grant County Emergency Management and Disaster Services
director. Heavy rains worried county officials that the flood-ravaged landscape
could get worse.

"We were very concerned about it because a lot of our drainage routes and storm
sewers were still full of rock and debris, but overall, we had no damage
reported," he said.

As water levels in northeast Iowa rivers fall, conditions appear to be favorable
for cleanup crews, said Donna Dubberke, warning coordination meteorologist at
the National Weather Service Office in the Quad Cities.

Even with rain and some thunder moving through the area Sunday, the Mississippi
River at Dubuque is expected to fall throughout the week until it drops below
the flood stage of 17 feet on Saturday. Currently, the river is more than two
feet above flood stage, at 19.6 feet.

One bright spot is that area communities will be able to clean up after this
month's floods in some long-awaited nice weather. Most of this week is expected
to be dry and sunny, with pleasant temperatures in the mid-70s.

That's welcome news as people begin to move back to their homes and assess flood
damage. For now, the first priority for county officials is to make sure
everyone has a place to stay, Braun said. In Grant County, at least three homes
are considered a total loss due to flooding, nearly two dozen homes have
sustained major structural damage, and about 250 homes have been damaged in some
way, he said.

The worst damage in Grant County has been in Potosi and the surrounding area, he
said.

More people are expected to report flood damage over the coming week, he said,
which will increase the possibility that a presidential disaster declaration
could be called to help homeowners cope with damage. Public infrastructure also
has taken a hit. County officials have reported about $3.5 million in damage to
roads and bridges.

In Clayton County, the Turkey River is receding, and residents of Elkader, Iowa,
are cleaning up the muck and debris of retreating floodwaters, said Randy Frank,
of the Clayton County Emergency Management Office.

Elkader has pumped most of the water from areas with homes and businesses, but
the damage left behind is a testament to the voracity of the flooding. In a town
of about 1,600 people, at least 20 homes were destroyed and nine suffered major
damage, Frank said.

Officials estimated that there is $4.5 million in damage to public
infrastructure in Clayton County. As officials calculate residential damage,
they will meet with the Federal Emergency Management Agency and the Iowa
Homeland Security and Emergency Management Division to discuss what assistance
they can get from the state and federal government.

In Dubuque County, a presidential disaster declaration has been called for
public infrastructure, said Tom Berger, Dubuque County Emergency Management
director. Parks, roads, bridges and public property will have the benefit of
federal assistance when rebuilding.

Like other counties in the tri-state area, Dubuque County is encouraging people
to call in and report flood damage. Earlier, damage reports were nowhere near
the threshold for a presidential disaster declaration for homeowners, but with
recent flooding in Cascade, Farley and Worthington, the number could be creeping
closer, he said.

Meanwhile, Dubuque has emerged nearly unscathed. The city continues to host the
I-80 detour, which at the earliest could end by midweek. Local officials haven't
reported any major incidents on the detour, but they still encourage local
traffic to avoid the area.

Portions of the closed interstate are still covered by floodwaters, said Dena
Gray-Fisher, spokeswoman with the Iowa Department of Transportation. Until the
waters recede, officials won't be able to inspect the road for damage to
determine when it can be reopened.

"The waters are just churning over it," she said.

The I-80 detour traffic could thicken as a bridge in the Quad Cities is engulfed
by evacuation traffic from a section of Burlington, Iowa, and Gulfport, Ill.,
Gray-Fisher said. The department announced Sunday afternoon that the U.S. 34
bridge between Iowa and Illinois is open, but asked that motorists avoid the
area to let evacuees and emergency officials use the thoroughfare.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              569 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                     September 3, 2015 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

APS Foundation Pledges up to $100,000 in Support for Navajo Nation Water Crisis
Relief Effort

LENGTH: 525  words


Sept. 3 -- Arizona Public Service announced today an effort to help the Navajo
Nation as it works to overcome a major water crisis precipitated by
contamination to the Animas-San Juan River basin. In response to Navajo
President Russell Begaye's declaration of a state of emergency, APS will provide
grants totaling up to $100,000 along with other assistance.

"The APS Foundation will make an immediate pledge of $50,000 for the relief
effort," said Don Brandt, APS Chairman, President and CEO. "In addition, to help
the people of the Navajo Nation bring attention to this immediate challenge, we
will match any contributions from other Arizona businesses in the next two
weeks, up to an additional $50,000."

Donations will go through the Navajo United Way, which is the primary agent for
relief. APS's initial $50,000 grant will be directed to the Nation's Nenahnezad,
San Juan, Upper Fruitland, Tse Daa Kaan, and Shiprock chapters, which are close
to the Four Corners Power Plant near Farmington, N.M. Already, other companies
have joined the relief effort. Scottsdale-based Salt River Materials Group
(owned by the Salt River Pima-Maricopa Indian Community) has committed $10,000.

"We are a Native American company with a large employee base in that area," said
Roger Smith, Salt River Materials Group CEO and President. "We are concerned
about the impacts of this disaster on the Navajo people, and we want to help.
Like Don Brandt, I urge others to step forward to help our neighbors in need."

Four Corners co-owners Salt River Project, Tucson Electric Power, Public Service
of New Mexico and El Paso Electric also have pledged support.

Earlier this month, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency workers, attempting to
clean up an abandoned southwestern Colorado gold mine, precipitated the release
of more than 3 million gallons of mine waste water containing high levels of
lead, arsenic, cadmium and other toxic elements and heavy metals. The water
flowed from the Gold King Mine into the Animas River. The Animas flows into the
San Juan and its tributaries, which are the primary sources serving five water
supply systems downstream, including much of the Navajo Nation.

President Begaye has described this river system as the Nation's water lifeline
that provides drinking water and supports crops and livestock essential to the
reservation. President Begaye said the spill could take decades to clean up and
is "a disaster of huge proportions." On Aug. 21, the Shiprock chapter made the
difficult decision to keep its canals, fed by the San Juan River, closed until
the community can be sure the water is safe for irrigation and livestock. More
than 500 Navajo families will continue to be affected by the closure of the
river.

"Nearly 80 percent of employees at Four Corners are Navajo, like me," said Arvin
Trujillo, manager of Government Relations at the Four Corners Plant. "This is
our home, and our Navajo farmers and ranchers need the assistance and support. I
am proud that my company has stepped forward, and I hope others find it in their
hearts to reach out to the Navajo people in this time of great need."

Source: Arizona Public Service

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              570 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                              May 11, 2010 Tuesday

Flood money flows in for residents of local communities

BYLINE: By Chris Camire, ccamire@lowellsun.com

SECTION: TODAY'S HEADLINES

LENGTH: 390 words


Nearly two months after floods ravaged the region, federal grant money is still
coming in to cities and towns that were hit the hardest.

More than $41 million in Federal Emergency Management Agency grants have been
approved in Massachusetts, including $12 million in Middlesex County.

Locally, Billerica is the largest recipient of FEMA grants, having been awarded
$1.8 million as of yesterday. Other top towns include Wilmington at $753,484,
Tewksbury at $566,712 and Burlington at $524,799.

Billerica resident Pat Flemming, whose Boston Road home was flooded by the
Shawsheen River, was given $2,300 several days after she applied for federal
assistance. She said she used the money to help pay for repairs at her home that
needed immediate attention and weren't covered by insurance, such as electrical
work.

"That money came in right away, and it was extremely helpful," said Flemming,
whose foundation, oil burner and hot-water heater were all damaged by the flood.

To date, about 30,000 Massachusetts residents have registered for FEMA
assistance from the flooding caused by record-setting rainfall.

More than 12 inches of rain fell in March, the most in that month in Greater
Lowell since 1826. Flooding began after the first storm on March 12 and
continued as more rain fell later in the month.

FEMA grants are available to help flood victims pay for temporary housing,
repairs to damage not covered by insurance, as well as medical and dental needs,
transportation costs, personal property damage, and moving and storage expenses.

More than 27,000 Massachusetts residents impacted by the flood have registered
with FEMA. The deadline to register is May 28, and people can register by
calling 1-800-621-3362 or going online at www.disasterassistance.gov .

Low-interest loans to cover uninsured property losses for homeowners, renters
and businesses are also available from the U.S. Small Business Administration.

The SBA is helping renters, homeowners and businesses of all sizes by offering
low-interest disaster loans.

The loans can help repair or replace homes, businesses and personal property
that was damaged by the flooding but not covered by insurance.

Individuals can apply for loans up to $40,000 for content damage, and homeowners
can qualify for up to $200,000 in property damage. Businesses can apply for a
loan of up to $2 million.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              571 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            August 2, 2006 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

FEMA Denies Aid to Homeowners, Tells Fairfax to Help Its Own More;
County's Affluence Noted;
Arlington, Alexandria Also Lose Out

BYLINE: Lisa Rein and Bill Turque, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: Metro; B03

LENGTH: 722 words


Fairfax County homeowners hit hard by heavy rains and flooding in late June are
not eligible for federal aid because they live in an affluent community that
should address its own needs, an official for the Federal Emergency Management
Agency said yesterday.

Dan Martinez, the FEMA official, made the statement as he explained the agency's
decision to deny Virginia's application for emergency aid for residents of
Fairfax and Arlington counties and the city of Alexandria whose homes were
flooded during severe storms June 25 and 26.

Some of the heaviest damage was in the Huntington neighborhood of Fairfax. About
150 modest, 1950s-vintage duplexes were inundated by sewage-infested waters from
Cameron Run, causing an estimated $10 million in damage. County officials say
they have helped about 200 households countywide with temporary housing, food
and cleanup, but Martinez said they should do more.

"Fairfax should use its resources to help its own people," said Martinez, who
was brought in by FEMA from Texas to oversee Virginia's application for aid,
which could have included cash grants, low-interest loans, unemployment
assistance and temporary housing.

"It's an affluent community that's able to address the specific needs of its
residents," Martinez said.

County officials expressed outrage at FEMA's decision.

"We have affluent people, we have poor people and we have people in between,"
said Gerald E. Connolly (D), chairman of the Board of Supervisors. "For any
federal official to say something like that, he ought to be fired. These people
need access to capital that we don't have."

Connolly added that it was insulting for FEMA to decide that the county's
citizens were not deserving "even though our federal tax dollars are more than
welcome."

Supervisor Gerald W. Hyland (D), whose Mount Vernon district includes
Huntington, called the rejection "inexplicable and inexcusable." He said that at
least 20 families lack the money for the repairs needed before their natural gas
and electrical services can be restored.

"They're stuck in place. They need direct assistance," Hyland said.

Fairfax County is one of the nation's wealthiest, with a median household income
of slightly more than $88,000, according to the U.S. Census. Although the
average assessed value of a single-family home is more than $540,000, those in
Huntington are far below that. On Fenwick Drive, one of the most heavily damaged
streets, most homes are valued in the high $200,000s, and many owners lack flood
insurance.

"The Huntington community are people with low and moderate incomes," said county
spokeswoman Merni Fitzgerald. "They are not people who make 100 percent of the
median income. The fact that Fairfax was able to provide services is an
indication of the ability and willingness to help our own residents but should
not be a reason to deny them additional assistance."

Martinez said that 200 homes in a county as large as Fairfax, which has slightly
more than 1 million people, is relatively insignificant, another reason the
application was denied. "Two hundred homes in a sparsely populated community
would be very different."

Although residents are not eligible for aid, FEMA notified Fairfax, Alexandria,
Arlington and other local governments and nonprofit entities last month that
they are eligible for assistance. The money should cover the estimated $2.3
million in damage to Fairfax parks and other buildings and costs to remove storm
debris. Based on that "public assistance" grant, county officials expected that
homeowners would be eligible for low-interest loans.

But a state official said Virginia was doubtful that its application met FEMA's
criteria for aid in most of the 13 communities in contention, with the exception
of the 150-plus homeowners in Huntington Terrace.

"In places like Arlington and Alexandria, we didn't see enough damage, and we
weren't hopeful about it," said Bob Spieldenner, director of public affairs for
the Virginia Department of Emergency Management. "But we felt better about
Fairfax."

The state received a letter from FEMA on Monday denying the claims but offering
no explanation, he said. The state can appeal the decision or ask the federal
Small Business Administration to offer similar low-interest loans. Spieldenner
said no decision has been made.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                              572 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Post-Bulletin (Rochester, Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           November 3, 2016 Thursday

Dayton secures presidential disaster declaration

BYLINE: Hannah Yang, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 563 words


Nov. 03--As eight counties in Minnesota affected by flooding continue to
recover, they could receive some extra help.

President Barack Obama declared a major disaster in Minnesota on Wednesday after
Gov. Mark Dayton's wrote a letter saying: "Disaster assistance ... is clearly
warranted. Without it, and given the already heavy burden of previous state and
federal disasters, Minnesotans will struggle to return their communities to
normalcy," according to a news release.

Federal, state and local officials conducted preliminary damage assessments from
Oct. 11-14. The results found $8.3 million in eligible public infrastructure
damage and $10.1 million in estimated individual and household needs.

Counties affected in the Southeast Minnesota region include Fillmore, Freeborn,
Goodhue, Houston and Steele counties. This was a result from the heavy
rainstorms and flooding that occurred Sept. 21-22 after 10 inches of rain were
recorded in some parts of southern Minnesota.

The presidential declaration means the Federal Emergency Management Agency would
fund 75 percent of approved cost. Under legislation signed by Dayton in 2014,
the state would pay 25 percent of the nonfederal share.

Kevin Beck, Fillmore County emergency management director, noted this was not
the first time the county has experienced significant damages from flooding and
heavy rain. In 2014, there was another disaster declaration.

Just in Fillmore County alone, there was about $1.6 million in damages from
rains and flooding. The FEMA threshold for the county was $75,000. Soon, FEMA
representatives plan to visit individual cities and townships to continue with
the paperwork.

"Our terrain with hills and valleys and the topography make it really hard for
the water and the rain to get away from going down the valleys," Beck said.
"Especially when we were having such a saturated rain. It just had to go
somewhere. What caused most of the damage was the water runoff."

Beck said the largest amount of significant damage appears to be in Lanesboro
and the eastern part of Fillmore County.

"Along the bluffs, one of the roads was damaged," he said. "It's going to take
quite a bit to get that road back and put back in place. If you look at the
topography, there's just a lot more hills and valleys compared to the western
half. (In) the east, the water congregates and causes a lot more damage."

Types of assistance available includes public infrastructure such as townships,
cities, counties, schools and certain private nonprofit organizations for
uninsured and eligible storm-related damage to public infrastructure. Such
examples would include debris removal, emergency protective services and the
repair or replacement of storm-damaged public infrastructure.

The disaster declaration also would help affected Minnesota communities eligible
for Hazard Mitigation Grants, which help defray the cost of making repairs
necessary to reduce or eliminate long-term risks to people and property from
natural hazards.

Federal aid also may be available for individuals and households seriously
impacted by the flooding. The governor's request for individual assistance
remains under review by FEMA.

Flex2 -- Morning Mail -- Horizontal for Articles

Flex2 -- Morning Mail -- Horizontal for Articles

___ (c)2016 the Post-Bulletin Visit the Post-Bulletin at www.postbulletin.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20161103-RC-Dayton-secures-presidential-disaster-declaration-1103-20161103

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RC


                          Copyright 2016 Post-Bulletin


                              573 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                     The Ortonville Independent (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               February 15, 2011

County in planning stages should flooding occur

BYLINE: The Ortonville Independent staff

LENGTH: 632  words


With as much snow as the Big Stone Lake Area has received this winter, there is
a definite potential for flooding along Big Stone Lake. Big Stone County
Emergency Management and officials of Big Stone County are now in the planning
stages should flooding occur.

According to Big Stone County Emergency Management Director (EMD) Jim Hasslen,
the Big Stone County Commissioners have designated the following county
priorities in regards to flood fighting activities this spring and the actions
the county will take. They are:

-Priority One: Critical Infrastructure, which includes ensuring that power,
water and sanitation will continue without interruption.

-Priority Two-Primary Residence, which are defined as the place where the
homeowner is registered to vote. Big Stone County will participate in assisting
homeowners with sandbagging their residences.

-Priority Three-Rental properties or non-primary residences, such as vacation
homes or cabins. Big Stone County will not participate in sandbagging these
locations.

Unfortunately, this year Big Stone County will not be providing flood fighting
assistance to affected locations outside of Big Stone County. If owners of homes
on the South Dakota side of the lake need help or information about possible
flooding, they should contact their county's EMD for assistance.

The contact information for the Grant County or Roberts County EMD is: Sheryl
Mogard, Grant Co. EMD, 47789 151st St. Milbank, SD 57252 or phone 605-432-4637
or email sheryl. mogard@state. sd.us. In Roberts County contact Jim Pearson,
Roberts County EMD, 4111 2nd Ave. E., Sisse-»., SD 57262 or phone 605-880-0311
or 605-698-3800 or email Robertscom@venturecomm .net.

Big Stone County Emergency Management is purchasing 20,000 sandbags and will be
filling them with help from volunteers if it looks likely that there will be
flooding along the lake and if local flooding is imminent, they will assist in
sandbagging homes.

Unfortunately, due to budgetary restraints, the homeowner will be responsible
for either purchasing their own sandbagging supplies on their own or purchasing
sandbags from Big Stone County at the cost of $.17 a filled sandbag prior to
receiving sandbagging assistance.

To get a rough estimate, to sandbag a 100 foot section and have it three feet
high would require approximately 3,500 sandbags. In addition, you will need to
be present and have an available pump to keep water from seeping in around the
sandbags.

If you are concerned about possible damage to your property you will need to
consider purchasing flood insurance as soon as possible. There is a 30 day
waiting period after you are accepted "before the insurance will cover your
property, so it is not something you can do at the last minute.

Many homeowners believe that if their property is damaged due to a flood they
can expect to receive financial assistance from FEMA. Unfortu--nately, the
damage threshold needed to receive community, individual assistance is so high
the county would need to experience catastrophic flooding far

worse than what we received during the 1997 floods, which is something that is
not likely even in the worse case scenario. Therefore, seriously consider
purchasing flood insurance if you are

concerned about possible flood damage.

Again, if your home is not your primary residence, Big Stone County will not be
assisting in sandbagging your residence. If you are concerned about potential
damage due to flooding, please start checking around now for people to help with
sandbagging. You will, however, be able to purchase sandbags from the county at
the cost of $.17 a filled sandbag if any are left over after they have addressed
Priority One and Two.

For further information or if you have any questions, contact Big Stone County
EMD Jim Hasslen at 320-839-6374.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Disaster and Accident

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ORT

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2011 The Ortonville Independent


                              574 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 11, 1986, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

WESTCHESTER JOURNAL;
SOUP KITCHENS

BYLINE: By Tessa Melvin

SECTION: Section 11WC; Page 3, Column 1; Westchester Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 424 words


WHEN the county's 22 food pantries and soup kitchens invited Westchester's
corporations to lunch last Thursday, there was more than soup on the agenda.
Following a tour of the Yonkers Council of Churches Emergency Ecumenical Food
Pantry, representatives of 14 corporations were to join regular patrons of the
Hudson Place Soup Kitchen in Yonkers for soup, sandwiches and statistics on what
organizers describe as the ''staggering'' numbers of Westchester individuals and
families dependent on the pantries. The soup kitchens, most of which have been
set up in the last year, stretch from Yonkers to Peekskill and include locations
in such rural areas as Somers, Brewster and Croton.

The Yonkers food pantry served 87,705 meals last year, according to the Rev.
Raynor W. Hesse, pastor-in-charge of St. Andrew's Episcopal Church in Hartsdale
who is coordinator of the corporate luncheon. ''We are being overwhelmed,'' he
said in a recent interview. ''Social-service policies are forcing more and more
people to rely on food pantries on a daily basis.''

Mary E. Glass is program director in charge of emergency public assistance,
medical assistance and food stamps for the Westchester County Department of
Social Services. The financial problem, Miss Glass said, involves the ''flat
grant'' concept that provides a specific amount for public assistance
recipients, leaving little room for emergency aid.

Noting that she had heard similar reports from several regions statewide, Miss
Glass added: ''I would not be surprised if many poor people are using food
pantries to supplement their food stamps.''

Thursday's lunch, intended partly as a thank-you to the corporate volunteers who
have given time and money to support local hunger initiatives, coincided with
Westchester Hunger Action Day, as proclaimed by County Executive Andrew P.
O'Rourke. Sponsored by the Coalition of Food Pantries and Soup Kitchens of
Westchester, the luncheon provided an opportunity to begin what organizers
called a ''hunger fund for Westchester.''

Established with $5,000 grants from the Catholic Charities of New York and from
the Westchester Community Foundation, the fund will provide additional support
for local groups working to relieve hunger in Westchester. Corporations
scheduled to attend the luncheon included ATT Communications; Avon Products; the
Chemical Bank; Citibank; Consolidated Edison; Honeywell/Medical Electronics;
Nestles; Peat Marwick Mitchell; the People's Westchester Bank; Pepsico; Reader's
Digest; Stauffer Chemical and Xerox.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              575 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Dubbo Daily Liberal

                            January 13, 2015 Tuesday

Drought relief for farmers with $20 million assistance package

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 398 words


THE NSW Government will support the state's most drought-affected farmers with
an extra $20 million under the Emergency Water Infrastructure Rebate scheme.

While meeting with drought-affected landholders in Walgett in the State's north
west, NSW Acting Premier and Dubbo MP Troy Grant said the funding would target
producers worst hit by the drought.

"Some of our farmers are experiencing extreme drought conditions and are in need
of crucial financial assistance to help them cope," he said.

"By allocating additional funding, we will ensure producers can continue running
their businesses and local contractors receive a much-needed boost.

"The Emergency Water Infrastructure Rebate is a great scheme as it not only
helps producers in drought increase available water for livestock, but enables
them to better secure water into the future."

The government will match a farmer's investment in water infrastructure dollar
for dollar .

Minister for Primary Industries Katrina Hodgkinson said the government's $20
million boost included key changes since the last scheme.

"Eligibility will be assessed based on one-in-50-year rainfall deficiency or
greater, down to the farm level rather than the local government area (LGA)
level," Ms Hodgkinson said.

"With the average claim for the last round approximately $14,000, the cap for
this round has been set at $20,000.

"Where producers cannot access groundwater to install infrastructure such as
pipelines, bores, tanks and troughs, they can now claim for de-silting works.

"These important changes will ensure assistance flows to those most in need,
regardless of which council area they live in or if they have access to ground
water."

Minister for Western NSW and Barwon MP Kevin Humphries said many communities in
Western NSW were struggling to hold on to the very little water they had.

Many required additional storage containers when rain events finally occurred.

"Take up of the scheme in the previous round shows how effective the rebates
have been, particularly in the north west," Mr Humphries said.

"About 2200 farm businesses benefited under the scheme in the 2013-14 financial
year and this latest injection of money will help deliver more vital
preparedness projects on severely drought-affected properties."

The government's Emergency Water Infrastructure Rebate will close on 30 June
2015, or when the $20 million in funding is fully allocated.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              576 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Post-Star (Glens Falls, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          November 16, 2011 Wednesday

Agreement reached on hurricane relief money for region

BYLINE: Maury Thompson, The Post-Star, Glens Falls, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 565 words


Nov. 16--Billions of dollars of funding for disaster relief has been included in
a federal budget bill that both houses of Congress are expected to vote on
Thursday.

"Important development here for the Northeast, including our state of New York,"
said U.S. Rep. Chris Gibson, R-Kinderhook, in a telephone interview on Tuesday.

Gibson said a bipartisan caucus of House members from states affected by
hurricanes Lee and Irene were successful in adding $2.3 billion in funding to
the bill, bringing the total disaster relief funding to about $5 billion in the
joint House/Senate budget bill known as a conference report.

Nearly $40 million of the funding is expected for New York state, according a
joint press release from U.S. Sens. Kirsten Gillibrand, D-N.Y., and Charles
Schumer, D-N.Y.

Additional funding nationwide includes $122.7 million for a U.S. Department of
Agriculture program that assists farmers with the removal of debris or
replacement of fences and conservation structure damaged by a storm.

The program pays 75 percent of the cost, Gibson said.

"New York's farmland endured some of the worst of these storms, and much of our
farmland is badly damaged," Gillibrand said in a press release.

Another $2.159 is for a program that assists private property owners and
municipalities with emergency stabilization of stream banks.

Federal Emergency Management Agency funding, a separate funding source, can only
be used to restore steam banks to their condition before a natural disaster.

But funding from this program can be used to make changes to prevent future
disasters, as well as to restore stream banks, Gibson said.

"It's a program that currently hasn't had any funding," said Bill Keating, a
USDA soil conservation technician based in Greenwich.

His office, the Natural Conservation Resources Agency, will send out letters to
municipalities to gauge interest for funding.

Previously, the state's Agricultural and Community Recovery Fund has provided
assistance for emergency conservation, such as damages that could affect public
water resources or streams where debris needs to be removed.

The new federal funding will help those who missed the deadline or were unaware
they had storm damage, said David Holck, executive director for the USDA Farm
Service Agency covering Warren and Washington counties.

The bill also includes funding for economic development related to disaster
relief, for emergency road repairs, and for community development block grants,
Gibson said.

Gibson praised Reps. Bill Owens, D-Plattsburgh, Paul Tonko, D-Amsterdam, and
particularly Peter Welch, D-Vt., for seeking the funding.

"This is coming from a member of Congress with bona fide progressive
credentials," Gibson said, referring to Welch. "Yet he supported this initiative
that is important to his constituents and the country."

Gibson praised Gillibrand and Schumer for supporting it on the Senate side.

"Even at a time of divided government where the parties have different
philosophies, we're finding common ground and a way to move forward," he said.

"Several months has passed since these storms walloped upstate New York, but our
work to rebuild and recover continues," Schumer said in a press release.

Staff writer David Taube contributed to this report.

___ (c)2011 The Post Star (Glens Falls, N.Y.) Visit The Post Star (Glens Falls,
N.Y.) at www.poststar.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20111116-GN-Agreement-reached-on-hurricane-relief-money-for-region-20111116

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GN


                          Copyright 2011 The Post-Star


                              577 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             July 31, 1994, Sunday

THE GREAT FLOOD OF '94: HELPING HANDS RELIEF AGENCIES: COMFORT AMID CALAMITY
THOSE WHO REACHED OUT The Georgia Association of Realtors

SECTION: STATE NEWS; Section H; Page 6

LENGTH: 1360 words


Launched "Realtors to the Rescue," a fund which collected $ 10,000 in its first
week. Local boards of Realtors set up water brigades, food and clothing
collections and sent clean-up crews.

National Association of Federal Credit Unions

Donated more than $ 23,000 to the American Red Cross, $ 5,700 of which also came
from the efforts of Marriott Corp.

American Humane Association

Rescued 500 animals who had been left behind after the evacuation by boat in
Albany. AHA also located, transported, housed and fed animal relief volunteers
from North Georgia and Florida. Send any contributions to: AHA, Emergency Animal
Relief Fund, 63 Inverness Drive East, Englewood, CO 80112.

The International Brotherhood of Teamsters

Local 728 in Atlanta coordinated an effort in which three trucking companies
loaned four tractor-trailers to bring supplies to the Red Cross. About 30
drivers have volunteered to operate the large rigs loaned by Roadway Express,
Carolina Freight Carriers and Consolidated Freightway.

Federation of Southern Cooperatives/Land Assistance Fund

Is offering emergency assistance to farmers. A $ 10,000 grant from FARM AID,
Inc. will make it possible to give 100 farmers emergency grants of $ 100 each to
be used for medical, food, utilities, cleanup and other needs. Farmers can call
912-432-5799 for assistance. To donate, call 1- 800-FARM-AID or send checks to
Farm Aid Inc., P.O. Box 228, Champaign, IL 61824.

Civil Air Patrol - Georgia Wing

Senior and cadet members went to flooded communities, flying supplies to areas
where roads were flooded. They also transported officials from the Red Cross and
Georgia Department of Natural Resources for damage assessment. The Civil Air
Patrol also provided 150 volunteers to work in shelters.

Clay Memorial Cadet Squadron, Sandy Springs

Fourteen cadets under Civil Air Patrol assisted Albany victims.

Habitat for Humanity International

Set up the Habitat Emergency Fund to offset costs such as transportation and
assistance to the local communities in Florida, Alabama and Georgia.

Rotary International

District 6900 Gov. Robert Jinright of Thomasville set up a relief program to
assist people in flooded areas. He also arranged for cots and ice to be
delivered to Bainbridge.

The Humane Society of the United States

Set up a shop in Bainbridge to rescue and care for animals.

The Georgia Veterinary Medical Association

Delivered emergency supplies to veterinarians and pets in South Georgia

Cobb County Master Gardener Association, University of Georgia Cooperative
Extension Service

Collected food, bleach and items for dogs and cats.

Telephone Pioneers of America, Georgia chapter

In cooperative effort with Southern Bell, provided 6,200 gallons of water and
collected $ 37,000 for supplies.

Georgia Jaycees

Helped set up relief shelters in Bainbridge, Macon and Albany. About 100
chapters contributed relief items.

Georgia Psychological Association

Sent Disaster Response Team to flood areas for crisis intervention and to
moderate debriefings for Red Cross, community groups and victims.

United Service Organizations

Gathered and delivered relief supplies directly to military affected by
flooding. Volunteer Karen Bradshaw of Stockbridge gave up a week of vacation
time to assist.

Salvation Army Midlands Division

Donated and transported five truckloads of water.

Humanists of Georgia and Atlanta Free Thought Society

Volunteered members' services to help flood victims and are organizing a
nationwide fundraising campaign among humanist groups.

Sandy Springs Society

Donated $ 5,000 to flood relief and asked other club members to donate water.

DeKalb County Federation of Garden Clubs

Donated $ 200 to the Salvation Army and delivered $ 300 worth of supplies to
Montezuma.

Vinings Civic Club

Collected cleaning supplies, food and water at the Vinings community center and
donated them to the Salvation Army.

Atlanta Northlake Elks Auxiliary

Sent $ 500 to Albany and Americus along with clothing, food and cleaning
supplies.

Boy Scout Troop 595

Assisted the National Guard unit in Macon in dispensing water.

Kennesaw Jaycees

Raised $ 706, sent food and water to Dougherty County High School and took food
to Montezuma.

Atlanta Association of Professional Mortgage Women

Conducted "Toys for Little Hands," a toy drive for children in the flood area.

Georgia Federation of Women's Clubs (Lilburn WC, Marietta WC, Lawrenceville WC,
East Point WC, Buford WC, Alpharetta Junior WC, Lawrenceville WC, Roswell Junior
WC, Stone Mountain WC, Dunwoody WC, and Sylvania Junior WC, Northside Junior
WC.)

Provided infant supplies for flood victims.

Atlanta Women's Club

Made a financial donation which will be sent to members of the Albany and Macon
clubs who have lost their homes.

Arkansas Federation of Women's Clubs

Sent money and supplies.

Junior Women's Club in South Carolina

Sent toiletries to Bainbridge.

Boys and Girls Clubs of Metro Atlanta

Collecting cleaning supplies and accepting donations for their fellow Boys and
Girls Clubs affected by the flood in South Georgia.

Sigma Gamma Rho Sorority, Inc.

Carried donations of cleaning supplies to victims and assisted the National
Guard in passing out bottled water.

Jamestown 2690 AARP Chapter

Donated more than $ 1,200 to the Salvation Army.

Helping Hands U.S.A.

Carried supplies such as diapers, produce, meat and canned food into rural
communities. Sent trucks to assist with the cleanup.

The Atlanta Chapter of Orthopedic Nurses

Coordinated bus trips for the American Red Cross. They were responsible for
overseeing trips to Albany, Americus and Montezuma. They also provided first
aid.

Signs and Wanders Quinn House

Set up kitchen in Newton and served up to 3,000 meals a day.

International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers/Local 613

Went to Albany to restore power to some of the homes.

Chattahoochee Council of the Pioneers and Life Members

Collected water, food and cleaning goods for the victims.

AARP Chapter 2386

Sent two truckloads of clothing to flood victims.

The Georgia and Cobb Area councils of the International Reading Association

Working together to help teachers whose schools have been flooded. Donated items
include books, puzzles, crayons and markers.

Friends of Animals Breeding Program

Volunteers brought back displaced animals that they couldn't place in homes.
They are currently keeping the animals at their homes until they can be placed.

Friends of Disabled Adults, Stone Mountain

Collected beds, couches, chairs, tables, dressers and appliances for Bainbridge
flood victims.

Georgia Pharmacy Association

Distributed vaccines, syringes and snake anti-venom in Albany area.

Cobb County Humane Society, Marietta

Delivered truckload of food, leashes, cages and other items needed by the Sumter
Humane Society. They also contributed cash.

State Bar of Georgia

Set up a toll-free hotline for disaster victims to call with legal questions.
Placed volunteers in Disaster Assistance Centers in Albany, Macon and Americus.
Produced a widely distributed pamphlet through the State Bar of Georgia's
Younger Lawyers Section designed to answer legal questions often asked about
problems caused by floods.

Morrow Masonic Lodge 734

Collected and delivered more than two semi-trailer loads of food and tools.

Roswell East Rotary Club

Collected cleaning materials, paper goods and canned food stuffs and transported
them to a collection center for shipment to South Georgia. Members have secured
commitments of about 100 cases of personal care items from manufacturers. A
benefit golf tournament is being sponsored with the assistance of the Roswell
Rotary Club.

Atlanta Moose Lodge No. 65

Collected cleaning goods, food, baby food, diapers, personal hygiene products,
bedding and clothing from members and bingo players and delivered a truckload to
Albany.

The Beulah Ruritan Club

Sent five pickups with $ 1,200 worth of supplies.

Junior Achievement of Georgia and Avon Products

Donated 600 T-shirts to American Red Cross for flood victims.

American Farm Bureau Federation

Provided disaster relief to flood-stricken farmers.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH942240229

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              578 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 12, 2016 Tuesday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals

LENGTH: 601  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Utilities Service
(RUS)

 The Department of Agriculture has submitted the following information
collection requirement(s) to Office of Management and Budget (OMB) for review
and clearance under the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, Public Law 104-13.
Comments are requested regarding (1) whether the collection of information is
necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the agency, including
whether the information will have practical utility; (2) the accuracy of the
agency's estimate of burden including the validity of the methodology and
assumptions used; (3) ways to enhance the quality, utility and clarity of the
information to be collected; (4) ways to minimize the burden of the collection
of information on those who are to respond, including through the use of
appropriate automated, electronic, mechanical, or other technological collection
techniques or other forms of information technology.





 Comments regarding this information collection received by May 12, 2016 will be
considered. Written comments should be addressed to: Desk Officer for
Agriculture, Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management
and Budget (OMB), New Executive Office Building, 725 17th Street NW.,
Washington, DC 20502. Commenters are encouraged to submit their comments to OMB
via email to: OIRA_Submission@OMB.EOP.GOV or fax (202) 395-5806 and to
Departmental Clearance Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC
20250-7602. Copies of the submission(s) may be obtained by calling (202)
720-8958.



 An agency may not conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless the
collection of information displays a currently valid OMB control number and the
agency informs potential persons who are to respond to the collection of
information that such persons are not required to respond to the collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB control number.

 Rural Utilities Service



 Title: 7 CFR 1778, Emergency and Imminent Community Water Assistance Grants.



 OMB Control Number: 0572-0110.



 Summary of Collection: The Rural Utilities Service (RUS) is authorized under
Section 306A of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act, (7 U.S.C.
1926(a)) to provide grants to rural areas and small communities to secure
adequate quantities of safe water. There are two levels of grant
limits--$500,000 and $150,000. Grants made under this program shall be made for
100 percent of the project's cost, can serve rural areas with population not in
excess of 5,000, and household income should not exceed 100 percent of a State's
non-metropolitan median household income. Grants under this program may be made
to public bodies and private nonprofit corporations serving rural areas.



 Need and Use of the Information: RUS will collect the information from
applicants applying for grants under 7 CFR 1778. The information is unique to
each borrower and emergency situation. Applicants must demonstrate that there is
an imminent emergency or that a decline occurred within 2 years of the date the
application was filed with Rural Development.



 Description of Respondents: State, Local or Tribal Government; Not-for-profit
institutions.



 Number of Respondents: 100.



 Frequency of Responses: Reporting: On occasion.



 Total Burden Hours: 400.

 Charlene Parker,

 Departmental Information Collection Clearance Officer.

 [FR Doc. 2016-08339 Filed 4-11-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-15-P

 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              579 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                            April 23, 2015 Thursday
                             First Drop-in Edition

Natural disaster status lets families access aid;
Financial assistance

BYLINE: Leesha McKenny, Kate Aubusson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 531 words


A national disaster declaration has been made for 12 areas in the Newcastle and
Hunter regions devastated by the severe storms and flooding. The towns of
Maitland, where rescuers have pulled a body from raging flood waters, and
Dungog, where three elderly people were killed in flash flooding on Tuesday, are
among 12 local council areas declared natural disaster areas on Wednesday night
by Federal Justice Minister Michael Keenan and NSW Emergency Services Minister
David Elliott

Disaster assistance has also been activated in Cessnock, Gosford, Great Lakes,
Lake Macquarie, Newcastle, Pittwater, Port Stephens, Singleton, Warringah and
Wyong.

Individuals and families impacted by the storms and floods can access personal
hardship assistance payments from Wednesday, Mr Elliott said.

The Premier, Mike Baird, said: "Every community can have this assurance: that we
will do everything possible we can to help them get back on their feet."

In Dungog, a Hunter Valley town where flood waters swept away homes and claimed
three lives, more rain had fallen in the previous 24 hours than in any 24-hour
period "for the past century," he said.

"It is a huge, unprecedented amount of water, which is why we have seen some of
the impacts we have," Mr Baird said.

"Obviously the next stage that we want to focus on is the recovery but we do
need to get through these 24 hours so the focus is to get through the weather
and then the recovery effort will get under way."

The declaration allows local governments, affected businesses and those facing
hardship access financial assistance from the state government to aid the
recovery.

"There is a range of formulas available but in simple terms there will be grants
that are available to councils, to businesses, to families in individual
circumstances that will be worked through as part of that process," Mr Baird
said.

But Mr Baird said restoring power to more than 200,000 homes was the immediate
priority.

Vince Graham, the chief executive of Networks NSW asked the community to be
patient after 130,000 homes in the Newcastle, Hunter and lower north coast
region lost power, in addition to a further 80,000 on the Central Coast and
15,000 in Sydney.

"The sheer magnitude of this storm event will mean that there will be some
extended days before we are able to restore power and I expect that it will be
well into the weekend before we are mopping up the tail of this activity," Mr
Graham said on Wednesday.

"Given the way this storm front is moving to the Illawarra," he said, "it may
very well be that the Illawarra is added to the list of geographic areas where
we have substantial supply problems."

Despite the expectation that conditions would ease heading into Thursday, Mr
Baird warned about the ongoing risk of flash flooding "and indeed even when the
sun comes out there's still a lot of movement in the rivers".

"The weather still remains dangerous and the conditions are dangerous so this is
not a time for complacency," he said.

There had been about 100 rescues after people "either by accident or by act,"
became trapped after entering floodwaters, State Emergency Service commissioner
Adam Dent said.

To get free legal advice call

1800 801 529.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Premier Mike Baird said restoring power to homes that had lost
it was the immediate priority. Photo: Steven Siewert

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              580 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Southeast Texas Record

                            March 23, 2016 Wednesday

Southeast Texans return to communities following record floods

BYLINE: Katie Rucke

LENGTH: 552 words


AUSTIN-Communities in southeast Texas are returning to assess damage to their
homes and businesses this week following heavy rainfall and subsequent flooding
of major rivers including the Sabine, Neches and Trinity Rivers.

Flooding in the region began on March 7, when a strong upper level storm system
stalled over Mexico and Texas, Gov. Greg Abbott wrote in a letter to President
Barack Obama requesting a Presidential Disaster Declaration. Some locations
received more than 10 inches of rainfall, others reported more than 18 inches.

"The rainfall was so intense that a few areas broke all-time March rainfall
records," the letter said.

The Sabine River gauge at the City of Orange in Orange County didn't set a
record when it crested on March 16 at 7.62 ft, but it's a significant amount
that is comparable to the storm surge flooding that occurred following Hurricane
Ike in 2008.

Abbott toured and visited Orange, Texas, on March 16 in order to survey the
damage caused by the flooding, as well as meet with county and emergency
management officials. Abbott said he was struck by the size of massive flood
area and noted several homes were half-submerged in the water.

Initial local assessments for Jasper, Newton and Orange counties estimate 687
homes were destroyed or received major damage and some 4,460 homes were affected
or received minor damage. But authorities say there have been no major injuries
or fatalities.

"Our top priority is to ensure no loss of life," Abbott said, noting hundreds of
citizens had been evacuated by rescue teams. He encouraged Texans affected by
the floods to heed warnings issued by local officials of dangers that may arise
and asked residents in portions of the state that scathed flooding to donate to
an organization helping victims.

"I want the people of southeast Texas to know that the state has and will
continue to assist them with any and all challenges they have."

Obama approved of Abbott's request for a major disaster declaration, providing
Individual Assistance and Public Assistance to residents, effective March 19.
Affected Texans may be eligible for grants of up to $33,000 from the federal
government, as well as low-interest disaster loans from the U.S. Small Business
Administration.

"As Southeast Texas continues to face severe weather, it is imperative that
Texans receive the vital assistance needed to begin rebuilding and restoring
their communities," Abbott said.

Flood warnings remain in effect for Orange County and areas near the Sabine
River until the night of March 23, when it's expected the river will begin to
fall below flood stage, or until the warning is cancelled, the National Weather
Service said.

Local law enforcement, fire, emergency medical services, public works, public
utilities and emergency management have been evacuating residents, clearing
debris, responding to stranded motorists and more. Voluntary agencies have
provided services ranging from mass shelters, emergency food boxes, shower
units, clothing distribution, medical kits, financial assistance via gift cards,
and more.

Once the flooding subsides, local and state leaders will continue to assist
those affected rebuild their lives as quickly as possible, Abbott said.

City of Orange offices reopened March 22 and immediately began coordinating
debris pickup for residents.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 SoutheastTexasRecord.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              581 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                            January 17, 2003 Friday
                                 Early Edition

Drought aid a mere trickle

BYLINE: Darren Gray with AAP

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 711 words


Emergency income assistance from the Federal Government's latest drought
initiative is only trickling through to drought-stricken farmers.

New figures show that battling farmers across the nation have shared only $1.6
million of emergency funds under the scheme announced that Prime Minister John
Howard announced with fanfare last month.

The government had budgeted $134.4 million for emergency assistance, Mr Howard
said then.

But only 1056 farmers are receiving the "interim income support", worth up to
$670 a fortnight over six months for a farming couple. The farmers, including
495 Victorians, have received an average of $1532 each.

More Victorians are receiving the emergency cash assistance, delivered via
Centrelink, than farmers in any other state. In New South Wales, 462 farmers are
receiving the grants, along with 92 Queenslanders and seven South Australians.

When Mr Howard announced the package last month, he said the drought was having
an "immense impact on rural Australia and is one of the most severe in the past
100 years . . . these comprehensive measures will provide financial support to
farmers and communities hardest hit by the drought".

The income assistance is available for farmers in areas suffering a
one-in-20-year drought over the nine months from March to November last year. To
receive the help, farmers must also meet income and asset tests.

The 1056 farmers come from 2823 who have applied for aid. A spokesman for
Agriculture Minister Warren Truss said about 10 per cent of applications had
been rejected.

The spokesman defended the pace at which the assistance was reaching farmers,
saying it was "early days".

"We have got five months to run and it's backdated (to the Prime Minister's
December 9 announcement)," he said.

"People will access it when they need it. And historically for all drought
relief, it's never a flood; it's a trickle and it just builds and builds and
builds until the end of it."

The government's estimate of take-up rates was based on experience, he said.

The interim assistance figures provided by the government are as at January 15.

Acting Agriculture Minister Ian Macdonald last night urged farmers to apply for
help.

"I understand that sometimes country folk are reluctant to seek out what they
think is charity, but I say to them that the rest of Australia understands their
difficulties and are prepared to assist," Mr Macdonald said.

He said the number of applications for help was expected to rise rapidly over
coming weeks.

Five-and-a-half weeks ago Mr Howard announced a wide-ranging package estimated
to cost the government $368 million over three years.

In addition to the interim income support, the government said it would provide
interest rate subsidies on loans of up to $100,000 to help farmers replant once
the drought breaks, to buy new animals and to keep key breeding herds intact.

Mr Truss' spokesman could not say how many farmers would receive interest rate
subsidies.

While the new assistance is flowing slower than a dry outback creek bed, the
Federal Government has delivered a further $44.3 million of "exceptional
circumstances" and interest rate assistance to help farmers fight the drought.

This assistance goes as far back as August, 2001, and covers farmers in four
states: Queensland, $25.2 million; Western Australia, $17.8 million; Tasmania,
$1.1 million; and New South Wales, $282,000.

The Australian Bureau of Statistics has said the drought will wipe $5.1 billion
from agricultural production this financial year.

Meanwhile, NSW opposition leader John Brogden launched his water-management
policy in Tamworth yesterday, with Acting Prime Minister John Anderson in
attendance.

The coalition said its policy would ensure irrigators had comprehensive water
property rights without harming the environment and allocated $500,000 to
research. "It's a very good policy, I'm delighted with it," Mr Anderson said.

The NSW Irrigators Council, which has 7000 members, said it was pleased water
rights were in the election spotlight.

"What we're after is some legal entitlement to what (water rights) we have now,"
council president Col Thomson said.

But environmentalists attacked the policy as irresponsible, saying the state
opposition's proposal would manage NSW rivers to death. -- with AAP

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: The government has pledged interest rate subsidies to help
farmers replant once the drought breaks, and to buy new animals. PICTURE: JOE
ARMAO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2003 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              582 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 30, 2017 Monday

North Carolina: Governor Cooper announces $198 million grant for Hurricane
Matthew recovery

LENGTH: 432  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Office of the Governor, North Carolina has issued the following
news release:


 Governor Roy Cooper today announced that North Carolina has received more than
$198 million to help families and communities recover from Hurricane Matthew.


 Nearly $159 million of the grant funds are specifically earmarked for Robeson,
Cumberland, Edgecombe and Wayne counties, which were among the state's
hardest-hit areas during Hurricane Matthew.
 "These counties suffered some of the worst flooding in North Carolina's history
and they need our help to recover and rebuild," Cooper said. "Our top priorities
are making sure people have safe housing and access to essential services, and
this grant will help meet those needs."
 The remaining approximately $39 million will go to address disaster recovery in
the other 46 disaster-declared counties in North Carolina.
 The funds are Community Development Block Grant Disaster Recovery (CDBG-DR)
funds from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development.  HUD awarded
the grants based on North Carolina's unmet housing and infrastructure needs,
which considers the cost to repair seriously damaged properties and
infrastructure in the most-impacted counties.
 The recovery funds will help communities hit hard by Hurricane Matthew with
housing, economic development, infrastructure and efforts to prevent further
damage. Possible applications include:


  Rehabilitating storm-damaged homes and buildings

  Buying damaged properties in flood plains and relocating residents to safer
areas

  Temporary housing for people and businesses displaced by the disaster

  Helping businesses keep or create jobs

  Building or rehabilitating public streets, neighborhood centers, and water,
sewer and drainage systems

  Down payment assistance, interest rate subsidies and loan guarantees to help
disaster victims buy their own homes

  Debris removal not covered by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA)

 "Hurricane Matthew hit us hard, but North Carolinians are resilient," Cooper
said. "These funds will give families and communities resources to repair homes,
rebuild streets and get back to work."
 The $198 million federal grant was awarded this week following a request for
additional financial assistance. The funds are in addition to the $4.5 million
federal grant awarded last week to match trained case managers with Hurricane
Matthew survivors to help them navigate the long and often complicated recovery
process.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              583 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 30, 2017 Monday

North Carolina: Governor Cooper announces $198 million grant for Hurricane
Matthew recovery

LENGTH: 432  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Office of the Governor, North Carolina has issued the following
news release:


 Governor Roy Cooper today announced that North Carolina has received more than
$198 million to help families and communities recover from Hurricane Matthew.


 Nearly $159 million of the grant funds are specifically earmarked for Robeson,
Cumberland, Edgecombe and Wayne counties, which were among the state's
hardest-hit areas during Hurricane Matthew.
 "These counties suffered some of the worst flooding in North Carolina's history
and they need our help to recover and rebuild," Cooper said. "Our top priorities
are making sure people have safe housing and access to essential services, and
this grant will help meet those needs."
 The remaining approximately $39 million will go to address disaster recovery in
the other 46 disaster-declared counties in North Carolina.
 The funds are Community Development Block Grant Disaster Recovery (CDBG-DR)
funds from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development.  HUD awarded
the grants based on North Carolina's unmet housing and infrastructure needs,
which considers the cost to repair seriously damaged properties and
infrastructure in the most-impacted counties.
 The recovery funds will help communities hit hard by Hurricane Matthew with
housing, economic development, infrastructure and efforts to prevent further
damage. Possible applications include:


  Rehabilitating storm-damaged homes and buildings

  Buying damaged properties in flood plains and relocating residents to safer
areas

  Temporary housing for people and businesses displaced by the disaster

  Helping businesses keep or create jobs

  Building or rehabilitating public streets, neighborhood centers, and water,
sewer and drainage systems

  Down payment assistance, interest rate subsidies and loan guarantees to help
disaster victims buy their own homes

  Debris removal not covered by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA)

 "Hurricane Matthew hit us hard, but North Carolinians are resilient," Cooper
said. "These funds will give families and communities resources to repair homes,
rebuild streets and get back to work."
 The $198 million federal grant was awarded this week following a request for
additional financial assistance. The funds are in addition to the $4.5 million
federal grant awarded last week to match trained case managers with Hurricane
Matthew survivors to help them navigate the long and often complicated recovery
process.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              584 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 28, 2017 Saturday

North Carolina: Governor Cooper announces $198 million grant for Hurricane
Matthew recovery

LENGTH: 432  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Office of the Governor, North Carolina has issued the following
news release:


 Governor Roy Cooper today announced that North Carolina has received more than
$198 million to help families and communities recover from Hurricane Matthew.


 Nearly $159 million of the grant funds are specifically earmarked for Robeson,
Cumberland, Edgecombe and Wayne counties, which were among the state's
hardest-hit areas during Hurricane Matthew.
 "These counties suffered some of the worst flooding in North Carolina's history
and they need our help to recover and rebuild," Cooper said. "Our top priorities
are making sure people have safe housing and access to essential services, and
this grant will help meet those needs."
 The remaining approximately $39 million will go to address disaster recovery in
the other 46 disaster-declared counties in North Carolina.
 The funds are Community Development Block Grant Disaster Recovery (CDBG-DR)
funds from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development.  HUD awarded
the grants based on North Carolina's unmet housing and infrastructure needs,
which considers the cost to repair seriously damaged properties and
infrastructure in the most-impacted counties.
 The recovery funds will help communities hit hard by Hurricane Matthew with
housing, economic development, infrastructure and efforts to prevent further
damage. Possible applications include:


  Rehabilitating storm-damaged homes and buildings

  Buying damaged properties in flood plains and relocating residents to safer
areas

  Temporary housing for people and businesses displaced by the disaster

  Helping businesses keep or create jobs

  Building or rehabilitating public streets, neighborhood centers, and water,
sewer and drainage systems

  Down payment assistance, interest rate subsidies and loan guarantees to help
disaster victims buy their own homes

  Debris removal not covered by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA)

 "Hurricane Matthew hit us hard, but North Carolinians are resilient," Cooper
said. "These funds will give families and communities resources to repair homes,
rebuild streets and get back to work."
 The $198 million federal grant was awarded this week following a request for
additional financial assistance. The funds are in addition to the $4.5 million
federal grant awarded last week to match trained case managers with Hurricane
Matthew survivors to help them navigate the long and often complicated recovery
process.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              585 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 28, 2017 Saturday

North Carolina: Governor Cooper announces $198 million grant for Hurricane
Matthew recovery

LENGTH: 432  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Office of the Governor, North Carolina has issued the following
news release:


 Governor Roy Cooper today announced that North Carolina has received more than
$198 million to help families and communities recover from Hurricane Matthew.


 Nearly $159 million of the grant funds are specifically earmarked for Robeson,
Cumberland, Edgecombe and Wayne counties, which were among the state's
hardest-hit areas during Hurricane Matthew.
 "These counties suffered some of the worst flooding in North Carolina's history
and they need our help to recover and rebuild," Cooper said. "Our top priorities
are making sure people have safe housing and access to essential services, and
this grant will help meet those needs."
 The remaining approximately $39 million will go to address disaster recovery in
the other 46 disaster-declared counties in North Carolina.
 The funds are Community Development Block Grant Disaster Recovery (CDBG-DR)
funds from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development.  HUD awarded
the grants based on North Carolina's unmet housing and infrastructure needs,
which considers the cost to repair seriously damaged properties and
infrastructure in the most-impacted counties.
 The recovery funds will help communities hit hard by Hurricane Matthew with
housing, economic development, infrastructure and efforts to prevent further
damage. Possible applications include:


  Rehabilitating storm-damaged homes and buildings

  Buying damaged properties in flood plains and relocating residents to safer
areas

  Temporary housing for people and businesses displaced by the disaster

  Helping businesses keep or create jobs

  Building or rehabilitating public streets, neighborhood centers, and water,
sewer and drainage systems

  Down payment assistance, interest rate subsidies and loan guarantees to help
disaster victims buy their own homes

  Debris removal not covered by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA)

 "Hurricane Matthew hit us hard, but North Carolinians are resilient," Cooper
said. "These funds will give families and communities resources to repair homes,
rebuild streets and get back to work."
 The $198 million federal grant was awarded this week following a request for
additional financial assistance. The funds are in addition to the $4.5 million
federal grant awarded last week to match trained case managers with Hurricane
Matthew survivors to help them navigate the long and often complicated recovery
process.






 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              586 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            January 8, 2015 Thursday

Pakistan: WFP's productive safety nets for families in drought and
flood-stricken areas of Sindh

LENGTH: 444  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Jan. 8 -- The United Nations World Food Programme (WFP) has begun
projects to improve livelihoods and reduce communities' susceptibility to
disasters in Tharparkar, Sanghar and Mirpurkhas districts of Sindh, by a grant
of US$2.78 million from the government of Australia. Around 13,200 families will
receive cash payments for participation in disaster risk reduction activities,
says a statement issued by the WFP here today.

"We are focusing on families bearing the brunt of drought in Tharparkar and
Sanghar, as well as flood-affected areas of Mirpurkhas," said Lola Castro, WFP
Pakistan Representative and Country Director. "One of the major factors
affecting livelihoods in these areas is inadequate water. This project will see
the construction of community assets that will help improve livelihoods and
sustainable food security." Following assessments to identify the communities'
needs, WFP has identified a series of activities related to water conservation,
rain water harvesting, water pond construction in grazing areas, food and fodder
storage and repair of culverts and access roads. Each participant will receive
PKR 5,400 (about US$53) per month for 15 days of work. In Mirpurkhas district,
WFP is working with the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations
(FAO), the International Labour Organization (ILO) and UNWOMEN on an integrated
programme to assist communities through agri-based and labour-intensive
activities. The WFP project will include some 2,000 participants from villages
where the other three UN agencies are already working together, in order to
support ongoing activities with the cash grants. "This holistic approach is
particularly relevant in areas affected by recurrent shocks," explained Castro.
"In the short-term, the cash payments help people meet their immediate needs,
including - crucially - food. In the long run, the assets created in the
community will help support livelihoods and improve food security." The WFP's
work in the area of disaster risk reduction focuses on building the resilience
and capacities of the most vulnerable communities by working with local
government to ensure food and nutrition security. The WFP is the world's largest
humanitarian agency fighting hunger worldwide, delivering food assistance in
emergencies and working with communities to improve nutrition and build
resilience. Each year, on average, WFP assists some 80 million people in around
75 countries

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              587 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                             July 27, 2013 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

FEMA to send aid for West schools

BYLINE: Brenda Bell American-Statesman Staff

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 406 words


The Federal Emergency Management Agency announced Friday that it is awarding a
grant of nearly $2.8 million to help public schools in West reopen in temporary
quarters this fall.

But the town is banking on $10 million in state assistance, from a disaster fund
controlled by Gov. Rick Perry, to help repair damage to its schools and utility
system - fixes that are needed to keep residents from moving away, Mayor Tommy
Muska said.

"Right now, before school starts, people who are considering leaving have the
opportunity to leave this town," Muska said.

"If that happens, the economic devastation will be three times what it's been so
far."

The April 17 explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed 15 people and destroyed
or damaged 200 homes and three schools, causing an estimated $100 million in
insured losses and an untold amount of uninsured damage in the community about
20 miles north of Waco.

In June, FEMA denied the state's request for a major disaster declaration that
would qualify West for $40 million or more in federal aid to rebuild its schools
and replace water and sewer infrastructure that was in poor condition even
before the explosion.

The agency said Texas has sufficient resources to do the job.

Four weeks later, Perry appealed the denial; a final decision has not been
announced.

In the waning days of the regular legislative session in May, lawmakers shifted
money from the state's $8 billion rainy day fund to help West, but the amount
was not specified.

Muska says the town was promised $10 million, a commitment that he's "hopefully
optimistic" he'll get in writing - soon.

"Delay will be the demise of this town," he said. "I need something coming from
the governor and the state of Texas saying, 'Here's what we're giving West.' A
piece of paper is not too much to ask." The $2.8 million FEMA grant announced
Friday will help provide portable classrooms, toilets, temporary refrigeration
and security patrols for the West school district. It brings to $5.7 million the
amount FEMA has obligated in West for public assistance - a form of disaster aid
that is usually tied to a major disaster declaration, not the emergency
declaration that FEMA issued after the catastrophe.

Under the cost-sharing arrangement for public assistance grants, FEMA pays 75
percent and local entities pay 25 percent. Some of the cost of the portable
classrooms is also expected to be covered by insurance.

Contact Brenda Bell at 512-445-3634.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              588 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             People's Review Weekly

                          December 16, 2015 Wednesday

DPs urge for fully functional Reconstruction Authority

BYLINE: SHARACHCHANDRA BHANDARY

LENGTH: 806  words


The Development Partners (DPs) of Nepal have been consistently urged for the
earliest commissioning of fully functional Reconstruction Authority for the
immediate implementation of Earthquake Emergency Assistance Projects, with its
clear working mechanism at the central level, and fully functional dedicated
project implementation units at the project level.

The DPs, after the devastating earthquake of 25 April and 12 May this year, have
extended their helping hands to assist Nepal "build back better" but the delay
in establishing an autonomous Reconstruction Authority has upset them in an
unprecedented manner.

Deep division and differences between the main ruling party CPN-UML and
opposition party Nepali Congress, a bill relating to formation of the
Reconstruction Authority tabled at the parliament has gathered much dust. Such
unwillingness by the current coalition partners and the main opposition, the
severely suffered earthquake victims are living in very harsh conditions,
compelling them to think that they are in a state of statelessness.

The DPs too have voiced grave concern on the frequent transfer of project staff
and the Government's failure to make due consideration of competency impacting
the project implementation. The Asian Development bank (ADB), one of the major
development partners of Nepal, had approved an Earthquake Emergency Assistance
Project worth 200 million US dollar.

In addition, US dollar 30 million in a budget support for rural finance and
other 15 million US dollar from the Japan Fund for Poverty Reduction.

Other DPs had pledged a substantial amount for the reconstruction during the
International Conference held in Kathmandu.

The apathy by the Nepal Government in constituting the Reconstruction Authority,
the DPs are pushing very hard for the same.

Meanwhile, the bank has agreed to provide an additional financing of US$ 90
million (approximately NRs 9.54 billion) to the Government of Nepal for the
implementation of Kathmandu Valley Water Supply Improvement Project (KVWSIP).
The Agreement to this effect was signed between Government of Nepal and the
Asian Development Bank, at the Ministry of Finance, Kathmandu, today.

The Government of Nepal has been executing KVWSIP since 2008 with its objective
of resolving existing Water Supply problem in Kathmandu Valley. In addition,
this loan will be utilized in setting up pipeline connectivity, expanding the
scope to Kirtipur and Madhyapur Thimi Municipality and also support to Melamchi
Phase II seeking new sources of Water to fulfill future demand. Considering the
importance of programme objectives; target and implementation strategies,
Government of Nepal has decided to extend the project implementation period
until 2020.

Likewise, has agreed to provide 15 million USD (approx. Rs. 1570 million) grant
assistance from the Japan Fund for Poverty Reduction (JFPR) to the Government of
Nepal for the Disaster Risk Reduction and Livelihood Restoration for Earthquake
Affected Communities Project. The JFPR is a fund set up by the Government of
Japan and managed by ADB. The objective of the Project is to help restore the
disrupted livelihoods and schooling in the poor and severely earthquake-affected
communities, and strengthen their resilience against future disasters.

Specific expected outputs of the Project are schools in earthquake affected
districts constructed or rebuilt as model disaster-resilient schools;
microcredit facility for livelihood restoration provided to small farmer
cooperative members; and disaster risk management capacity of the affected
communities strengthened. Under the Project, at least 14 model schools with
disaster resilient features will be rebuilt, microcredit services will be
provided to at least 12,500 earthquake-affected households for livelihood
restoration, and community-based disaster risk reduction awareness campaign and
disaster risk management planning exercise will be conducted in at least 30
Village Development Committees.

The Department of Education (DOE) and Small Farmers Development Bank (SFDB) are
the implementing agencies for the Project. The Project will be implemented in 14
districts, namely Gorkha, Dhading, Nuwakot, Rasuwa, Sindhupalchok, Kathmandu,
Lalitpur, Bhaktapur, Kavrepalanchok, Dolakha, Solukhumbu, Okhaldhunga, Sindhuli
and Makawanpur which are severely affected by the devastating earthquake.

Both agreements were signed this week by Lok Darshan Regmi, Secretary, Ministry
of Finance, and Kenichi Yokoyama, Country Director, Asian Development Bank. The
Government of Nepal has expressed its sincere appreciation to the Asian
Development Bank for the assistance and also for its continued support in the
socioeconomic development of Nepal. It is high time the Government must pass the
bill on Reconstruction Authority taking all the stakeholders into confidence.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 People's Review
                              All Rights Reserved


                              589 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Cowra Guardian

                           September 30, 2016 Friday
                                Internet Edition

Disaster assistance for local communities

LENGTH: 339 words


Member for Cootamundra, Katrina Hodgkinson has welcomed the announcement of
joint State and Federal funding under the Natural Disaster Relief and Recovery
Arrangements (NDRRA) for local communities recently impacted by flooding.

"I am very pleased the State and Federal governments have expedited NDRRA
assistance for a number of local government areas impacted by flooding including
Bland, Cootamundra-Gundagai, Cowra, Hilltops and Temora," Ms Hodgkinson said.

"The psychological impact of this extreme weather is taking its toll across much
of the electorate. There are many farming families with crops sitting in water,
fencing and road access washed out."

"We also have many small businesses that are impacted by road closures, in
particular the closure of the Newell Highway between West Wyalong and Forbes."

"The road closures have also led to additional school holiday traffic and
freight traveling along alternative routes like the Olympic Highway, so I
encourage everyone to exercise caution and observe instructions issued by
council and emergency services," Ms Hodgkinson said.

"With more rainfall expected, a huge thank you to State Emergency Service
volunteers and all other agencies on the ground, including council staff, who
are pushing on despite their exhaustion to assist residents and working around
the clock to fix damaged infrastructure."

Ms Hodgkinson said the NDRRA program is vitally important to helping regional
communities pick themselves back-up after periods of severe weather.

There is a range of assistance available as a result of these declarations
including:

Click here for more information about each of these forms of assistance.

For more information on personal hardship and distress assistance, please
contact the Disaster Welfare Assistance Line on 1800 018 444.

To apply for a concessional loan, grant or freight subsidy, contact the NSW
Rural Assistance Authority on 1800 678 593 or visit raa.nsw.gov.au.

Information on the assistance available can be found at disasterassist.gov.au or
emergency.nsw.gov.au.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              590 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                           February 23, 2008 Saturday

Nevada residents assessing damage post-quake

BYLINE: Stephen Speckman Deseret Morning News

LENGTH: 1022 words


WELLS, Nev. -- About 9:30 a.m. Friday, the old Wells City Hall, built in 1920,
shook yet again, taking the latest temblor in stride, even if workers inside
still couldn't.

"Oh, I hate it when that happens," said Wells city clerk Sue Smith as she walked
through the building. An hour later, another one -- stronger than the last --
rattled the building again. And yet another an hour later.

Friday was being called by first responders as a day for the city's 1,800
residents to recover and assess the damage following Thursday's 6.0 magnitude
earthquake.

Rod Mothershed and Don Ray were parked at Wells Elementary School with 10,000
gallons of potable water they brought from Elko after federal officials told
them that 3,000 gallons per minute were leaking from breaks in drinking water
lines.

But federal Division of Emergency Management spokesman Kim Toulouse said
drinking water supplies to residents had been restored and that only four
businesses Friday morning on the west side of town remained under a boil order.
By noon, all roads leading in and out of the small community had reopened.

Federal Emergency Management Agency officials arrived Friday evening and will be
evaluating the damage today to determine if Wells qualifies for federal
emergency relief funds, said Elko County undersheriff Rocky Gonzalez.

Nevada Gov. Jim Gibbons gave Wells a state disaster area designation Thursday,
which Toulouse said should help speed up the process of getting a potential
federal designation.

State and local officials spent much of Friday re-evaluating damage in Wells and
outlying areas because of the aftershocks, Gonzalez said. "We're finding more
damage to homes," he said.

It could take up to 48 hours to get the needed damage information to the state's
governor, who then forwards a report that eventually could reach President
George Bush for his approval to release federal monies.

Toulouse said there may be public and individual federal assistance available,
along with federal grants of up to $28,000 to help people recover and repair.

As for personal property losses inside homes, which was widespread in Wells,
people are on their own.

California-based AAA Insurance catastrophe supervisor Neal Bonrud set up a desk
Friday inside Wells Elementary School to help a few AAA clients and to answer
questions of others. Most people in general, he said, don't have earthquake
insurance. Without it, homeowners will be on their own to cover repairs for any
structural damages.

Wells High School was one of several large buildings that sustained significant
structural damage, leaving school officials planning Friday on how, when and
where students can return to class.

A meeting is planned for 5 p.m. today to talk about options such as summer
school, sharing the elementary school or using other large structurally sound
buildings in Wells to house 171 high school and junior high students. The town's
123 elementary school students also had the day off Friday.

Overall, telephone lines, power, drinkable water supplies for residents and heat
sources were all operating throughout Wells on Friday. The next step for
multiple agencies was to go door to door, checking each home in the town for
structural damage, unsafe water heaters or problem propane lines.

"There is a stress level there," said Wells Mayor Rusty Tybo. "I don't think
there's a residence in the city that didn't suffer some kind of damage."

Particularly hard hit was the historic downtown district, which Tybo said the
community was pinning its hopes on to further the city's recent economic
development. Now that area is cordoned off with yellow police tape and will
remain that way for some time.

"It's devastating," Tybo said about the extensive damage downtown. He figured
most of the heavily damaged buildings will not be salvageable. "It's just
heartbreaking to see it impacted."

Tybo and a roomful of responders at the elementary school got their marching
orders early Friday from Nevada Division of Forestry's Rich Harvey, who urged
everyone to be professional and cautious of residents who might be
short-tempered and to watch out for the curious, mainly high school students,
who might want to get into buildings for a peek at the damage.

"This has been a huge impact on their lives," Harvey said about Wells residents
after his briefing. "They're very stressed out. And then we come in and want to
poke and prod them."

Gonzalez told reporters that "tempers" of frustrated and anxious residents may
start to flare as people clean up and wait for a knock on the door from an
inspector or about word of state and federal relief funds. Business owners, he
noted, will need to get an occupancy permit from a city engineer before they can
reopen.

Most of the local businesses were up and running by Friday evening, Gonzalez
said, including the fuel stations and stores at the city's main truck stops.

David Neale, director of emergency services for Red Cross in Salt Lake City, set
up shelter and emergency services for residents at Wells Elementary School,
where eight displaced people spent Thursday night and where 200 meals were
served. Neale said Red Cross would have a presence in Wells at least through the
weekend and probably longer.

As of Friday evening, 182 people had applied for assistance from the Red Cross,
Gonzalez said.

It was estimated that at least 25 homeowners were not able or chose not to
return to their homes Thursday night, but most found temporary residence with
friends, relatives or at motels.

Andrea Woods considered going to Elko with her daughter, but she tried instead
to sleep on a cot in the school, knowing she needed to be home the next day for
an inspection of her heavily damaged home.

Woods was coming down with a cold, in pain from trying to sleep on a cot and
tired from a sleepless night defined by tremors that shook the area
periodically. The word she got from someone about when an inspector might arrive
at her home was, "They said, they'll get there when they get there."

And if that wasn't enough, it snowed on and off Friday throughout another cold
winter day in Wells. Contributing: Jared Page E-mail: sspeckman@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              591 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

               September 13, 1998, Sunday, SUNDAY SECOND EDITION

Fire truck rises from ashes Muskoka pumper to get new lease on life in far off
Guyanese village

BYLINE: by Kate Harries TORONTO STAR

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 534 words

DATELINE: DWIGHT


   DWIGHT - For sale: one 1971 pumper-tanker fire truck with custom-built pump,
rarely used, well-maintained, good price.

When a Muskoka municipality wanted to sell off a surplus pumper, the volunteer
firefighter who had been driving it knew just where it could be put to good use.

Firefighter Heinz Hubbert, owner of a Dwight bakery, said two visits to southern
Guyana for a foreign aid organization made him aware of the lack of adequate
fire protection in the coastal county of Berbice.

"When the fire is finished, then the fire service (crews) are at the scene,"
said Kase Singh, manager of Spready's Snackette and Bakery in Berbice, who
received business advice from Hubbert under a program run by the non-profit
Canadian Executive Service Organization.

The organization is made up of more than 4,000 volunteer Canadian business
people who lend expertise to businesses in developing countries. It is funded by
corporate, individual and government grants.

After learning of the need, Hubbert and Lake of Bays Fire Chief Kelly Serson
came up with the suggestion that Singh purchase the surplus pumper.

Township council approved the transaction for the fire sale price of $2,500, and
the department's 75 volunteer firefighters donated extra equipment, including
lengths of firehose, nozzles, protective coats, boots and helmets.

The Guyanese bakery is approximately 50 kilometres away from each of the two
fire stations in the sugar-factory county of about 40,000 people, Singh said in
a telephone interview Thursday.

As an employer of 60 in a thriving family business, Singh decided it made good
sense to provide his own fire protection.

"This is going to be privately owned and it will be of service to the entire
commmunity free of cost," Singh said.

He plans to train employees and area residents so "anybody can jump in and go
with it in case of an emergency."

The pumper truck carries 4,500 litres of water and is small and manoeuvrable,
Hubbert said, making it ideal for a scattered community with a limited piped
water supply, like Dwight - and Berbice.

Most homes and businesses in Berbice are located along one main road and are
close to water-filled trenches or canals, a familiar element of the landscape in
sugarcane country, Hubbert added.

"This is a pretty simple truck," Serson said. "Heinz told me that they can fix
anything there, they're very resourceful - unlike what we have become here."

The pumper is to be shipped by container within two weeks, Hubbert said, along
with a load of baking equipment Singh has ordered from a Toronto supplier
through advice from Hubbert and the executive service organization. It is hoped
the transportation will be donated.

Hubbert, the owner of Henrietta's Pine Bakery, worked with Spready's owners in
1994 and again this March.

"The first time it was to set up a bread plant. This time it was more in the
pastry field," he said.

Singh credits Hubbert with a successful line of new bakery products, especially
in the cake section.

"We've got a lot of English type of cakes . . . But I think the customer gets
fed up with one thing all the time, so they really accept what's new in the
market."

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo (BILL SANDFORD FOR THE STAR) FIRE SALE: Lake of Bays Fire Chief
Kelly Serson and volunteer firefighter Heinz Hubbert, rear, ready a surplus
pumper-tanker truck for its trip to Guyana.

                  Copyright 1998 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              592 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                       MAY 14, 1996 Tuesday CWEST EDITION

$7 MILLION IN HUD FUNDS EARMARKED

BYLINE: Bill Ordine, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEIGHBORS; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 475 words


The Delaware County Council yesterday released its proposal for distributing
more than $7.3 million in federal Department of Housing and Urban Development
funds.

The money is to be used for low-income housing, public facilities, emergency
shelter services and historic preservation.

Agencies and municipalities throughout the county had made requests totaling
nearly triple the amount available from HUD. The council is expected to approve
the plan at today's public session and then pass the list on to the federal
agency for review.

"Not everyone will be happy with [the county's final list], but we did what we
could and made it as fair as possible," said Council Chairman Paul G. Mattus.

The largest amounts will address low-income housing. More than $1.7 million is
earmarked for the county's Home Programs, which provide assistance and loans for
low- and moderate-income households. An additional $2.1 million is designated
under the Community Development Block Grant Program for loans and grants for the
production and rehabilitation of low-income housing.

Among the 20 municipalities slated to receive grants are: Folcroft, $146,000 for
storm-water control; Marcus Hook, $138,000 to reconstruct streets and sidewalks;
Ridley Township, $136,000 to improve parks and playgrounds; Tinicum, $131,000
for recreation facilities at Manor Property Park; Collingdale, $128,000 to
replace sewers and manholes and resurface streets; and Yeadon, $125,000 for
street and storm drain repair and curb cuts.

"We tried to get the money to those parts of the county that are taxed the
heaviest and really don't have the money to pay for these types of
improvements," said Councilman Wallace H. Nunn.

In the category of historic preservation, $57,000 is expected to go to Ridley
Park for restoration of a boathouse and pump house at Ridley Park Lake, and
$59,000 is earmarked for Springfield Township to preserve the Old Central
School.

Community service agencies expecting to get grants include Cobbs Creek Housing
Services Inc., $200,000 for operating costs for its 50-bed homeless shelter in
Upper Darby, and the Easter Seal Society of Delaware County, $152,000 to
renovate its facility in Media.

Administration cost for oversight of the housing and community development
programs is $400,000.

One group that saw its requested funding deferred was the Women's Association
for Women's Alternatives. The organization, which aids abused women and
children, sought $350,000 for a new facility in Upper Providence Township, but
it has been unable to get required approvals for its proposed site.

"Once they get all the approvals they need and are ready to go ahead with the
project, we'll look around for the money for them," County Planning Director
John E. Pickett said.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1996 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              593 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 Public Opinion

                            October 2, 2004 Saturday

Tornado, hurricane, flood

BYLINE: JAIME NORTH, Staff

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. 112A

LENGTH: 3556 words


Will you be prepared for the next one?

Public Opinion/Christopher Shatzer

Pitching in: Volunteers Glenn Gayman, foreground, and others work to rebuild a
large shed that was destroyed by a tornado two weeks ago at Melvin Rock's farm
near St Thomas.

Public Opinion/Markell DeLoatch

Don't ignore it: A sign warning drivers about flood waters is posted at the
intersection of Fayette Street and Dykeman Road in Shippensburg recently.

By JAIME NORTH

Staff writer

Charley, Frances, Ivan, Jeanne. In the past month, torrential rain, flooding and
tornadoes stemming from four tropical storms have struck Franklin County in
varying degrees, from light rain to severe storms that tore off roofs, washed
out bridges, knocked out power, damaged roads and flooded basements.

Both Franklin and Fulton counties have been declared federal disaster areas.

Severe weather is less common in southcentral Pennsylvania than south Florida,
but this year proves that our region is susceptible.

With two months to go in the 2004 hurricane season, the question for many local
residents is: Am I ready for more?

Experts advise residents to consider everything from a family evacuation plan to
the amount and type of homeowners insurance they carry.

Emergency officials also want people to be smart during severe weather, avoiding
floodwaters while driving and being prepared for power outages.

Yvonne Griest, of Licking Creek Township in Fulton County, can attest to the
unpredictable effects of tropical storms.

The Southern Fulton High School teacher suffered substantial damage to her
living room and kitchen when floodwaters from Licking Creek flowed into her home
on Friday, Sept. 17.

"We had up to 12 inches of water downstairs," Griest said. "We don't have any
official estimate yet, but I lost quite a bit."

Griest's residence was one of 50 homes in Fulton County destroyed or severely
damaged when the remnants of Hurricane Ivan hit the region with up to 9 inches
of rain and at least three confirmed tornadoes.

Griest lost all of her kitchen cabinetry, appliances, dish washer, stove,
refrigerator, washer, dryer, furnace, computer, and two freezers in the
flooding, which also damaged the structure.

"Since my two children are grown and in college, my husband and I decided to
renovate the downstairs," Griest said. "I just got the living room furniture
this summer. The computer,

Continued from Page 1A

refrigerator and stove were all new as well. I haven't even begun to clean out
the utility shed that was damaged yet. It's been helter skelter around here
lately."

Greist said her home insurance doesn't cover flood damage.

"I've registered with FEMA (Federal Emergency Management Agency) and am waiting
for a federal inspector to come," she said. "Of course, we realize that there's
other people who have worse damages and that the process may take awhile. But
it's my only hope to get some type of financial assistance."

Griest said preparing for potential flooding was never a priority for the
family, since their home had never been in danger.

"We've had our basement take on water before, and we just used a sump pump," she
said. "It was never anything too concerning. Never would I've dreamed it would
be like this."

A month of damage

The storms, which have ravaged Florida, the Gulf Coast and the eastern seaboard,
have put a strain on resources.

More than 5,000 workers from Federal Emergency Management Agency have responded
to over 15 states for relief effort - the largest relief effort ever undertaken
by the agency.

Utility workers from many states, including Pennsylvania, have traveled south to
help repair damage and restore power to millions.

In addition, nearly 3,800 National Guard soldiers have been called to duty to
provide security, direct traffic and distribute supplies in the hardest-hit
areas.

While Pennsylvania has fared better than many states, September brought a series
of damaging storms.

Franklin County received its first wave of severe weather from Hurricane
Frances, which made landfall in Florida over Labor Day weekend.

Hurricane Ivan delivered the biggest blow, beginning on Sept. 17 and continuing
into Sept. 18. Chambersburg received more than 4 inches of rain, while parts of
Fulton County got nearly 10.

Five confirmed tornadoes touched down in Franklin and Cumberland counties that
night. Hundreds of trees were knocked down in Michaux State Forest, while barns
and farm houses were flattened or severely damaged in Greencastle, St. Thomas
and Oakville.

'I was amazed'

One tornado struck three farms along Pioneer Drive in Peters Township.

Garnet Eshelman Dean Sollenbergerand Melvin Rockeach suffered substantial damage
to structures, equipment and fields.

"I was amazed of how much damage was done in just 30 seconds," said Jessica
Eshelman,Garnet's daughter. "I was watching television when all of a sudden, I
heard this low rumble. I looked at my mom and said, 'This doesn't sound right.'
We then immediately went into the basement."

Part of the kitchen ceiling was damaged, the porch was ripped up with the roof
blown off and the trees were almost completely gone, she said.

Rock had a large storage shed destroyed. Neighbors have come together to help
build a new one.

Volunteers have helped rebuild parts of all three farms. A reported 200-plus
people came out to help clean up and rebuild damaged structures.

Garnet Eshelman said his insurance doesn't cover costs for repairs or labor for
farms.

Remnants of Hurricane Jeanne brought more rain to the Cumberland Valley this
past week. More than 3 inches of rain fell on Chambersburg and surrounding
areas, bringing more flooding.

The abundant rain created flooding in areas that traditionally don't flood
during heavy rains, according to Don Eshleman Jr., Franklin County Emergency
Management Agency coordinator.

"Something people need to realize is that as (residential) developments are
built, the land use changes," Eshleman said. "Those changes may impact their
property."

Flood watch

Eshleman said one challenging aspect of preparing for flooding is not knowing
what to expect.

"There isn't a whole lot you can do until it (flooding) happens, because you
have no idea what area will get hit hard or not," Eshleman said. "For example,
Lurgan and Letterkenny Township received over 6 inches of rain from the first
storm (Ivan). This last storm, Peters Township was hit the hardest with over 4
inches of rain."

Eshleman said that many instances of flood damage occurred where one or two
house were built in areas where a land development plan wasn't needed - which
requires a storm water system.

"Another common flood damage we had was storm drains not being cleared,"
Eshleman said. "There were some flooding due to private bridges not being clear,
creating additional flooding. Those owners should know it's not the
municipalities' responsibility."

Greene Township resident Mary Lou Thaler who lives along Pine Stump Road, wasn't
prepared for the flooding she received on her road but was very thankful for the
quick response of township crews on Monday to save her house.

Thaler's property was taking on excess runoff from a neighboring storm water
system.

"The water was coming up so fast," Thaler said.

A township crew came and placed sand bags down around her driveway to redirect
water away from the house, Thaler said.

"I lost my whole flower bed, but it could've been a lot worse," Thaler said.
"I'm very fortunate, because I know there's people who have lost everything."

Risky driving

Eshleman said authorities and local officials have been frustrated and concerned
with motorists attempting to drive through water-covered roadways.

"We've encouraged people not to drive through standing water," Eshleman said.
"It's extremely dangerous. You can't determine how deep the water is or what's
going on underneath the water. The roadway may be undermined (sink holes) by the
flood waters. The road could also be washed away and simply covered by water."

Chambersburg Fire Department made several water rescues as a result of motorists
tempting fate.

"Motorists were trying to drive through and had their engine stall," Chief John
Vanlandinghamsaid. "We had to pull a few people out of some vehicles who tried
to cross. I cannot express enough to people not to ever try and drive through a
flooded roadway. All they need to do is turn around and take an alternate route.
The extra time spent is far better the danger they're putting themselves into by
driving through."

Vanlandingham said the borough escaped most of the full fury of recent storms,
with few emergencies other than a few flooded streets and some downed power
lines.

"No structures were really damaged," Vanlandingham said. "Most of the calls
dealt with flooded roadways where we had to barricade streets. We pumped a few
basements of residences situated along the Conococheague (Creek)."

Insurance

Some homeowners first discover their insurance policy doesn't cover damage from
natural disasters after their homes already have been damaged.

The only policy that covers flood damage, for example, is flood insurance -
which can be unreasonably priced, according to local State Farm insurance agent
Craig Thomas.

"Rates depend on the size of the home, its location, and contents," Thomas said.
"Most flood policies have higher deductibles than normal insurance. There's
usually some type of limitations attached to them."

Thomas said homeowner's insurance does not cover ground water coming into the
home, which has been the most common issue in the area.

"Just from the last two storms, I've had at least five calls from people
inquiring about that," Thomas said. "I can only tell them that they need to
contact FEMA and apply for federal aid."

When getting flood insurance, Thomas said homeowners are going to have be in a
flood plain or prove that their home is otherwise at risk.

"If you're building in a flood plain, the mortgage company requires (flood
insurance)," Thomas said. "Outside of a flood plain, for most people it doesn't
make sense. Regular water coming into the basement isn't covered, and there's
minimal times that a home will flood."

Thomas said there is additional coverage for flooding concerns on home owner's
insurance called "Back Up of Sewer and Drains", which has limitations as well.

"There's a deductible of at least $1,000, only if it can be proven that the
sewer and drains are backed up in your area," Thomas said.

Disaster relief

Officials like Eshleman are encouraging storm victims to contact FEMA, which
directs them toward the type of assistance that best meets the their needs.

"The biggest thing for emergency assistance is for people to get registered,"
Eshleman said. "They'll get a tracking number, which will access them to various
different types of aid and assistance, such as temporary housing and
low-interest loans."

There are things people can do before making the call to make the process easier
and quicker, Eshleman said.

"When you have property damage, the most important thing is to take pictures and
document everything," Eshleman said. "Keep track of all the repairs you're doing
and materials you're purchasing."

Gloria Fetterhoff and her family are in the midst of handling insurance issues
and financial assistance concerns.

Fetterhoff, who runs the post office and a grocery store in Harrisonville,
sustained major flood damage to the business and sections of her home in Licking
Creek Township.

Her son, Anthony, lost the entire inventory of his antique and collectibles
store as result of the same flooding of Licking Creek.

Damage done to Fetterhoff's grocery store and post office is covered by
insurance, but her home and her son's business is not.

"You stand there and look at it - it dumbfounds you," Fetterhoff said. "Where do
you start? We've done this three times now, but this has been the worst."

Anthony Fetterhoff, who also sustained damage to another antique business in
McConnellsburg, never bought flood insurance due to high cost.

"It's just too expensive, and it's too hard to put a value on antiques," Gloria
Fetterhoff said.

Gloria Fetterhoff said she took notes from the flooding in 1996 that helped her
lessen the damage from recent storms.

"I learned to put things stored in low places up higher when flood warnings
happen," Fetterhoff said. "I lost a lot of mail in 1996, and I didn't want to
deal with that again."

Like many victims, Fetterhoff said there wasn't much she could do to prevent all
the damage from occurring.

"It's weather, and everyone knows how unpredictable it can be," Fetterhoff said.
"You just prepare a little different each time you go through it. There's
nothing much you can do. In a few month, everything will hopefully be back to
normal."

Ironically, Griest's favorite quote came to fruition these past two weeks.

"It's not what happens to you in your life that builds your character, but it's
how you deal with life that builds your character," Griest said. "If I didn't
try to live up to that, I would be false."

How you can help

Cash contributions: Contributions allow the professional relief organizations
purchase exactly what is most urgently needed. Donations are tax deductible.

Confirm the need: Learn what is exactly needed by relief organizations to
maximize your effort. Organizations regularly update their information to ensure
all who need assistance are provided for.

Donate through an organization: Locate a reliable relief organization willing to
receive the shipment of goods. When unsolicited tuckloads of items arrive at a
disaster site, there is often no place to unload them. Be sure to designate an
organization from start to finish.

Local American Red Cross chapters can be contacted at 264-6214, 530-5811 or
762-5414.

Volunteer: Volunteers are always needed at a distaster site. It's important that
individuals who want to respond do so in the proper manner. Plan ahead to attend
training sessions offered to the community.

Call the local Salvation Army at 264-6169 or the Franklin County Department of
Emergency Services at 264-2813.

-----

Source: Federal Emergency Management Agency

Individual assistance

(1-800-621-3363)

Low-interest loans: Most of the federal assistance is offered through low
interest loans to cover expenses not covered by state or local programs, or
private insurance. People who do not qualify for loans may be able to apply for
a cash grant.

Cash grants: Grants up to $25,000 per individual or household to include:
lodging expenses, rental assistance, home repair, home replacement, and other
disaster-related needs listed by FEMA.

Crisis counseling: Program geared to help relieve any grieving, stress or mental
problems caused or aggravated by a disaster or its aftermath. Confidential
service can be acquired by registering for disaster assistance through FEMA.

When disaster strikes

How do I apply for disaster assistance?

There are a number of different services and programs available when a major
disaster declaration is signed, and the simplest decision is to contact FEMA at
1-800-621-3363.

How can I get in touch with my family?

The American Red Cross maintains a database to help you find family. Do not
contact the chapter in the disaster area, contact your local chapter.

What if my home was destroyed?

FEMA can provide housing assistance to those whose homes were damaged or
destroyed. To apply for assistance call FEMA at 1-800-621-3363.

Where can I get food and water?

The American Red Cross and other volunteer agencies provide water, food and
clothing. Listen to the local radio or watch news to locate nearest facility.
Your hot water heater, turned off and cooled down, is an excellent source of
water when needed.

Flood preparation

Know the flood terms and the difference between flood watch and flood warning.

A watch means that the conditions are favorable, and a warning means those
conditions are imminent, according to Eric Hoerner, chief of operations for
Cumberland County Emergency Preparedness.

Ask local officials where flood-prone, high risk locations are in your area and
determine if they pose an immediate danger to you.

Communicate with family about flooding, the dangers and the household's disaster
plan. Determine how the family would survive for at least three days away from
home.

Protecting Fido and Fifi

Area woman organizes pet plan

Public Opinion/Markell DeLoatch

Pet protected: Marti Heater keeps an emergency kit ready for disasters that
could happen in the area. Heater's dogs are Sammy, left, and Callie.

What you can do

Those interested in participating along with Marti Heater's effort in any
capacity can call 263-2076 or e-mail: kindlycanines@comcast.net or
martiheater@comcast.net.

Pet stats

There are approximately 65 million owned dogs and 77.6 million owned cats in the
United States.

39% of U.S. households (40.6 million) own at least one dog and 34% (35.4
million) own at least one cat.

65% of dog owners have one dog and 51% of cat owners have just one cat.

23% of dog owners own two dogs and on average most cat owners have two.

12% of dog owners own three or more dogs.

-----

Source: American Pet Products Manufacturers Association (APPMA) 2003-2004
National Pet Owners Survey.

By JAIME NORTH

Staff writer

When an emergency arises and it's necessary to evacuate, where do the family
pets go?

It's an important decision - often overlooked - that Marti Heateris attempting
to answer for the community.

"In today's environment, we run the greater risk of being in a natural
disaster." Heater said. "I certainly don't want to evacuate without my animals.
I want to keep them with me."

Through her coordination of Kindly Canines, a local non-profit volunteer group
of therapy dog teams, Heater is attempting to organize volunteers to secure and
set up shelters for pets and their owners to go to in emergency situations.

"We have a large population of elderly people, who would not want to leave
without their pets," Heater said. "There many other people who consider their
pets as children, who would consider the same decision."

Six members of Kindly Canines have completed the county's Community Emergency
Response Team (CERT) course and are trained to be first responders to emergency
situations like natural disasters, according to Heater.

"A possible scenario we could encounter would be owners refusing to evacuate
because of their pets or simply leaving their pets behind without homes," Heater
said.

That's been exactly the case in the southern states most affected by the recent
hurricanes.

Following Hurricane Charley and Frances, the Atlanta Humane Society alone took
in more than 60 animals given up by their owners who had lost their homes.

The shelter became even more crowded following the effects of Hurricane Ivan,
according to Federal Emergency Management Agency.

FEMA reported similar situations in Florida, Tennessee, Alabama and Louisiana
where pets were left behind and/or taken to shelters for adoption.

While the American Red Cross provides shelter and assistance during emergencies,
it does not accept animals, Heater said.

Local shelters already filled to capacity, such as the Cumberland Animal
Shelter, wouldn't be able to accept more animals.

"Our animal count now is 60 cats and 30 dogs, and that's way too much," said
Jennifer Vanderau community outreach coordinator. "There's no physical way that
this building could sustain any more animals. We don't have the space to house
our homeless animals right now."

Vanderau said due to the recent storms shedding light on new potential dangers,
the shelter is creating an emergency plan for its operation.

"We're trying to generate a list of volunteers to be on call to travel to the
shelter in case of an emergency," Vanderau said. "There is a growing need out
there. We have it here, and I know a lot of people who are animal lovers. It
could potentially be a really big problem here."

Heater's program would have local businesses or commercial property (vacant or
that would be vacant during emergencies) open to house people and pets with
volunteers on hand to help cook, clean and take care of pets and owners.

"We're in a critical need to people to step up to the plate," Heater said. "We
just need people who are interested to help in anyway. They call me, and I'll
find a place for them."

Some of the initial resources needed are: locations to house shelters; suppliers
of food, water, pet products, etc.; volunteer veterinarians, kennels and other
animal lovers.

"In time of disaster, there's no time to stop, think and organize," Heater said.
"You need have a systematic plan in place. We need a list of people we can call
right away for help, so the process will get up and running as soon as
possible."

According to Heater and Vanderau, some things pet owners can do to be prepared
are:

have a file ready filled with information on the pet, including potential
allergies, veterinarian information, medical records and a complete description
of animal.

have dog license and pet rabies information accessible, because hotels won't
allow pets without paperwork.

labels on or near entrances notifying first responders that there's a pet in the
residence, particularly how many and what types.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: album documenting all the pets in the house. emergency package in place
containing essentials such as bowls, leashes, collars, toys, food and bottled
water. Vanderau said Heater's idea would be truly beneficial to the shelter, the
community and to all animal lovers. "It's a serious concern," Vanderau said.
"For people who are animal lovers, their pets are a part of their family. I know
people wouldn't dare leave a child behind, and it's the same for their pet."
----- Jaime North covers the borough and community affairs within Franklin
County. He can be reached at 262-4811.

                                 Copyright 2004
                              All Rights Reserved


                              594 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

Gov. Branstad signs formal disaster proclamation for 13 counties affected by
flooding in Iowa

LENGTH: 984  words

DATELINE: New York



 Des Moines: Office of the Governor of Iowa Terry Branstad  has issued the
following news release:



   Gov. Terry E. Branstad today formally issued a proclamation of disaster
emergency for 13 counties in response to recent flooding.  The counties included
in this proclamation include:  Allamakee, Benton, Black Hawk, Bremer, Buchanan,
Butler, Cedar, Chickasaw, Delaware, Floyd, Franklin, Linn and Wright.









 The governor's proclamation allows State resources to be utilized to respond to
and recover from the effects of this severe flooding.  The proclamation also
activates the Iowa Individual Assistance Program for residents of those 13
counties.  Gov. Branstad's proclamation also activates the Iowa National Guard
to assist in the response to, the mitigation of, and the recovery from the
effects of the disaster as needed.







 The Iowa Individual Assistance Program provides grants of up to $5,000 for
households with incomes up to 200 percent of the current federal poverty level,
or a maximum annual income of $40,320, for a family of three. Grants are
available for home or car repairs, replacement of clothing or food, and for the
expense of temporary housing. Original receipts are required for those seeking
reimbursement for actual expenses related to storm recovery. The grant
application and instructions are available on the Iowa Department of Human
Services website. Potential applicants have 45 days from the date of the
proclamation to submit a claim.







 The State of Iowa has been assisting the impacted communities in their response
to the flooding and to help prepare for the anticipated flooding in the days
ahead.







 The Department of Homeland Security and Emergency Management has coordinated
the delivery of state resources to the impacted communities.







 Resources that have been provided include:



 &middot;           More than 120,000 sandbags (4 dump truck loads of sand)



 &middot;           Deployed or staged 22 water pumps



 &middot;           Placed or staged 48 pallets of flood barriers, equal to
4,320 linear feet



 &middot;           Placed 50 traffic barricades



 &middot;           Provided assistance to local law enforcement



 &middot;           Deployed (4) Incident Management Team personnel to assist
with response operations in Linn County



 &middot;           Deployed 400 Flood Clean-up Kits







 Over the next few days, the State will be working with local officials in the
Cedar River basin to assist with planning and provide them with resources as
they prepare for the potential flooding.







 You can read the proclamation language here:







 WHEREAS, on September 21, 2016, and continuing thereafter, severe storm systems
affected the state of Iowa; and



 WHEREAS, these storm systems caused severe weather, including heavy rains,
flooding and tornadoes resulting in significant damage to public and private
property, power outages resulting from downed power lines and poles and large
debris piles; and



 WHEREAS, the following thirteen (13) Iowa counties suffered significant damage
from this event: Allamakee, Benton, Black Hawk, Bremer, Buchanan, Butler, Cedar,
Chickasaw, Delaware, Floyd, Franklin, Linn and Wright; and



 WHEREAS, reports forwarded to the Iowa Homeland Security and Emergency
Management Department by the emergency management coordinators and others in the
affected counties indicate that local resources and capabilities have been
exhausted and that state assistance and resources are needed to respond to and
recover from the effects of this event; and



 WHEREAS, reports forwarded to the Iowa Homeland Security and Emergency
Management Department by the emergency management coordinators and other
officials in the affected counties indicate that state individual assistance
pursuant to Iowa Code § 29C.20A and 441 Iowa Admin. Code 58.2 (1) is needed to
assist certain individuals and families adversely affected by the disaster who
otherwise cannot be helped by other means of financial assistance and for whom
federal assistance under the Stafford Act is either not available or does not
adequately meet the needs of the citizens in the disaster area; and



 WHEREAS, the nature and complexity of the response needed to effectively deal
with this disaster require the resources and personnel of the Iowa National
Guard to assist in the response to, the mitigation of, and the recovery from the
effects of the disaster; and



 WHEREAS, these conditions threaten the public peace, health, and safety of
citizens of the State of Iowa and have damaged and destroyed public and private
property. Because of this, they provide legal justification for the issuance of
a Proclamation of a State of Disaster Emergency pursuant to Iowa Code § 29C.6
(1).



 NOW, THEREFORE, I, TERRY E. BRANSTAD, Governor of the State of Iowa, by the
power and authority vested in me by the Iowa Constitution Art. IV, §§ 1, 8 and
Iowa Code § 29C.6 (1), and all other applicable laws, do hereby proclaim a State
of Disaster Emergency for the following thirteen (13) Iowa counties: Allamakee,
Benton, Black Hawk, Bremer, Buchanan, Butler, Cedar, Chickasaw, Delaware, Floyd,
Franklin, Linn and Wright and do hereby ORDER and DIRECT the following:



 SECTION One.  As required by Iowa Code § 29C.6 (1), (10) and 42 U.S.C. § 5170
in cases of Presidential Disaster Declarations, this Proclamation of Disaster
Emergency activates the disaster response and recovery aspects of the Iowa
Homeland Security and Emergency Management Department's Iowa Emergency Response
Plan and those additional response plans applicable to the counties affected by
this disaster and authorizes the use and deployment of all available state
resources, supplies, equipment, and materials as are reasonably necessary to
assist those citizens located in the disaster counties.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              595 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                            Lowell Sun (Lowell, MA)

                          December 31, 2003 Wednesday

Fire officials hail federal grant funds;
Chelmsford, Wilmington, Devens land total of $475G

BYLINE: VANESSA HUGHES, Sun Staff

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 623 words


Three Greater Lowell fire departments have landed a combined $475,199 in federal
grants to buy firefighting equipment and fund safety and training programs.

Chelmsford, Wilmington and Devens are among 16 Massachusetts grant recipients
included in the latest round of Assistance to Firefighters grants administered
through the U.S. Department of Homeland Security.

Chelmsford received $162,741 to buy new radio equipment, which will bring the
Fire Department's antiquated communication system into the 21st century, Fire
Chief Jack Parow said.

The new equipment will allow firefighters to communicate easily with other towns
and alleviate the types of communication problems that police and fire
departments experienced during the attacks on the World Trade Center, Parow
said.

Chelmsford firefighters currently use a radio system from the 1950s that
operates on a frequency that many surrounding towns, and the Police Department,
don't share. When working with towns such as Billerica and Westford, Chelmsford
must bring a set of radios to fires for outside departments to use in order to
communicate with Chelmsford, Parow said.

"This not only updates our radio system and allows better communication in the
Fire Department, but also allows us to bridge some interoperability problems
with other towns," he said. "It's really not only beneficial to the town but
beneficial to surrounding communities and the whole mutual aid system."

The grant, plus the town's $18,000 match, will buy 40 new portable radios and 17
truck radios. Money will also go toward five satellite repeaters to be installed
on towers around town for radio communication. Parow said he expects to purchase
equipment after July 1.

Wilmington Fire Chief Daniel Stewart said his department's $87,458 grant will
buy firefighter safety and physical fitness programs. The department will add
exercise equipment to its developing gym and establish regular evaluations of
firefighters' health.

"Since the main cause of death for firefighters heart attacks and stroke has
been proven beyond a reasonable doubt, this can really help," Stewart said.

In addition, Wilmington will use the grant, and a $9,700 local match, to create
a database to track firefighters' immunizations and for training personnel on
updated safety procedures, health and nutrition.

Thomas Garrity, chief of the Devens Fire Department, said he has been pursuing
the $225,000 federal grant his department received for the past four years. This
is the first time the department, which covers an area that includes several
federal properties, has received money from the federal government, he said.

The grant will be used to buy a tanker pumper, a fire truck that can carry 1,000
gallons of water. The new tanker will replace a 1968 model that Garrity said
travels only about 7 mph.

Garrity said many areas in the South and North posts of Devens have a limited
water supply or none at all. The ability to transport water to a fire is
crucial. It also helps in areas with hydrants because only four firefighters are
on duty at once, and precious time is lost when crew members must run down the
street to hook up to hydrants.

"Having 1,000 gallons of water certainly enhances the fire-suppression
capability of my personnel out there," Garrity said.

The Assistance for Firefighters Grant Program is administered by the Federal
Emergency Management Agency, part of the Department of Homeland Security.

The program helps fire departments across the nation. This is the 27th round of
the 2003 Assistance to Firefighters grant program. Massachusetts received
$2,496,365 in the latest round.

Vanessa Hughes' e-mail address is vhughes@lowellsun.com .

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2003 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                              596 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               August 25, 2003 Monday Five Star Late Lift Edition

NEWS BRIEFS

SECTION: ST. CLAIR-MONROE POST; St. Clair-Monroe County Briefs Column; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 545 words


ST. CLAIR COUNTY

Grants will fund community projects

Several municipalities and organizations are recipients of more than $150,000 in
Illinois Power "Bright Eyes" grants for community improvement projects.

The grant recipients include:

* Community Development Corp., Belleville, for development of a carpentry trade
program at Belleville's East and West high schools.

* Career Gear, Belleville, for assistance to low-income people seeking jobs.

* The city of Columbia for restoration of a historic cemetery.

* The Dupo Police Department for portable Breathalyzers.

* The city of East St. Louis for landscaping and beautification of the City Hall
grounds and surrounding streets.

* The Lebanon Police Department for new computer equipment.

* The village of Smithton for a severe weather warning system.

* The St. Clair Special Emergency Services Association for equipment for a
trench collapse rescue team.

O'FALLON

Family sports park gets boost from grant

O'Fallon has been awarded $750,000 in federal money to buy land for a family
sports park it plans to build between Porter and Oberneuffemann roads.

The grant is from the National Park Service's land and water conservation fund,
according to U.S. Rep. Jerry F. Costello, D-Belleville.

Plans include baseball and softball fields, soccer and football fields,
volleyball courts and a court for roller hockey and basketball. There are also
plans for a two-mile walking and running trail, picnic shelters, restrooms and
playgrounds. The first phase is expected to be complete by the fall of 2004.

LEBANON

College's freshmen class makes academic history

This year's 305 incoming freshmen at McKendree College in Lebanon have the
highest grade point average (3.7) and highest average ACT score (25) in
McKendree's 176-year history, the college announced last week.

More than half graduated in the top fifth of their high school class, and 36
percent were in the top 10 percent, according to Mark Campbell, vice president
for admissions and financial aid.

Freshman enrollment is up from 275 last year. The incoming freshmen also include
more minority students - 46 compared with 27 last year.

The incoming students are from 12 states and six countries besides the U.S.
Among them are 19 high school valedictorians and five salutatorians.

METRO EAST

Area unemployment rates hold steady

The Metro East unemployment rate held steady from June to July at 7 percent.

St. Clair County posted a slight increase to 7.8 percent for July. East St.
Louis led the region with a 12.7 percent unemployment rate, down a tenth of a
percentage point over June, according to the state Department of Employment
Security. Belleville's rate dropped half a point to 11.5 percent for the month.

Monroe County slipped slightly to 4.7 percent.

Madison County posted a small drop to 6.6 percent, with Alton dipping three
tenths of percentage point to 9.9 percent. Granite City, plagued by
manufacturing layoffs, increased unemployment by three-tenths of a point to 9.6
percent for the month.

WATERLOO

Former treasurer takes aldermanic seat

Former Waterloo city treasurer Bob Jaenke was sworn in as Ward 3 alderman last
week. He replaces Linda Luhr, who recently resigned due to health problems.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2003 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              597 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                        June 21, 2013 Friday 6:30 AM EST

National Grid Volunteers Partner with Habitat for Humanity as the Breezy Point
Community Continues to Rebuild Six Months After Sandy

LENGTH: 608  words


New Delhi, June 21 -- More than 75 National Grid volunteers partnered with
Habitat for Humanity of Westchester to help residents and businesses in the
Breezy Point community rebuild their properties that were devastated by
Superstorm Sandy. Volunteers lent a hand to help cleanup, install sheetrock and
insulation, and unload supplies and other reconstruction efforts.



"We are partnering with our customers and our communities to support them in
their rebuilding efforts following Sandy," said Ken Daly, President, National
Grid-New York. "Our employees live and work in these areas. National Grid's
response to Sandy is full-circle, helping individuals, businesses and
communities, restoring jobs and making communities great again."

Immediately after the storm National Grid employees worked hard to restore
natural gas service to millions of customers and rebuilding 14.5 miles of the
gas distribution system in the Rockaway Peninsula. As part of the company's
response to Sandy to restore, reconnect and rebuild, National Grid established
outreach centers in the hard-hit areas, working with local organizations to
provide door-to-door outreach for operational support and relief supplies
including batteries, blankets, flashlights, food and other essentials.

"National Grid is committed to helping communities rebuild, we are part of the
community, we are your neighbors, we have numerous employees who live here too,"
said Jim Madej, Sr. Vice President and Chief Customer Officer, National Grid. "I
am proud to be a part of the employee volunteer team assembled here today to
help Breezy Point families get back on their feet."

Habitat for Humanity of Westchester has set up a reconstruction center in Breezy
Point to coordinate supplies and volunteers to help the community rebuild
stronger than before. In the six months that the organization has been working
in the community they have provided 6,500 volunteers; registered 700 plus homes
for rebuild assistance; gutted and restored 260 homes so families can return;
and assisted 10 businesses including the Point Breeze Volunteer Fire Department.


"We have existed, survived, and thrived in light of the devastation from Sandy,"
said Jim Killoran, Executive Director, Habitat for Humanity of Westchester.
"Today is about helping families get one step closer to returning to their homes
and their communities."

National Grid's relief efforts include the Sandy Rebuild Program, a $30 million
initiative to address a range of customer needs in hard-hit areas. The program
is structured into three tiers to supplement funding allocated to communities
and businesses by federal and state/city programs, insurance or other emergency
sources. As part of the Breezy Point rebuild event, National Grid provided
grants to Kennedy's Restaurant, Bayhouse and Breezy Point Lumber to help the
beach community businesses rebuild.

In the past six months since the program was launched, through Tier I and II of
the program, National Grid assisted more than 4,000 families on the Rockaway
Peninsula with emergency funding to help customers with inspections so they
could re-establish their gas service and provided assistance for equipment for
heat and hot water for their families.

Tier III of the program donates emergency grants of up to $250,000 to
commercial, industrial and multi-family housing customers to help offset the
costs of reconstructing buildings so businesses can reopen and employees can
return to work.

Visit www.nationalgridus.com for more information on National Grid's Sandy
Rebuild Program.

Visit this YouTube video to watch National Grid volunteers in action helping to
rebuild the Breezy Point.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              598 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Blairsville Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 15, 2009 Friday

Indiana County sets grant priorities

BYLINE: Jared Stout, The Blairsville Dispatch, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1128 words


May 15--Modernizing county water systems and paying for land acquisition for the
Kovalchick Convention and Athletic Complex are among priority needs set by the
county for its 2009 non-entitlement Community Development Block Grant
application.

The county commissioners approved a resolution to support the county's
three-year plan for the grant application at Wednesday's meeting.

The resolution lists seven priorities for the CDBG program:

--Assist the community with the land acquisition for the Kovalchick Convention
and Athletic Complex.

--Provide assistance to modernize municipal water and sewage systems in Center
Township, Clymer Borough, Glen Campbell Borough and Plumville Borough.

--Actively pursue the county's housing rehabilitation and affordable housing
programs, which address both new home ownership and rehabilitation to the
low-to-moderate income residents of the county.

--Recommend the county's two entitlement communities, Center Township and
Indiana Borough, address their community facility and housing needs with their
entitlement funds.

--Provide assistance in replacing or installing adequate storm water management
facilities.

--Provide assistance to retain and encourage growth with existing industries and
businesses in the county and to promote the county to attract new businesses.

--Encourage regional comprehensive planning throughout the county to identify
the best uses of infrastructure, housing and commercial and industrial
development funding.

The commissioners also approved the following project scopes for the CDBG
application:

--Indiana County: $345,663 for KCAC land acquisition, Plumville water system
construction, county-wide lateral assistance program, county water system
mapping and administration and audit.

--Indiana Borough: $223,482 for greater Indiana revitalization program, KCAC
acquisition, comprehensive plan update and administration and audit.

--Center Township: $106,791 for Coral water system improvements project and
administration and audit.

At Wednesday's meeting, the commissioners also approved an agreement that will
allow the county to make some extra money from its new jail by housing prisoners
currently in state jails.

Jail warden Carol Hummel said the state is experiencing overcrowding in its
prison systems and is paying to house some of those prisoners in county jails.

Hummel negotiated an agreement with the state that will send up to 60 state
prisoners to the county jail, which was completed earlier this year. The county
will be paid a daily rate of $50 per prisoner.

Hummel said the additional prisoners have committed lower-level offenses.

Commissioner Dave Frick called the agreement a "win-win situation."

"We can generate this revenue by housing these people without increasing our
cost because the staffing has to be there for whether we have them or not,"
Frick said.

The county will pay architecture firm L. Robert Kimball & Associates $12,500 to
conduct a feasibility study related to possibly moving one of the court rooms in
the courthouse.

Court administrator Mike Kuhar said the county is exploring moving Court Room
No. 3 from the mezzanine, which is an intermediate floor between the main
floors. It would be moved to the fourth floor, which would put all three court
rooms on the same floor.

Court Room No. 3 is the family law court, which is presided over by Judge Carol
Hanna. Kuhar said among the many problems with the current room is there's no
separate exit for Judge Hanna in case a violent confrontation would occur.

"Research shows that if you're going to have violence in the court room, it's
going to be in family law," Kuhar said.

The likely solution is to move the family law court into the room that currently
houses the law library. The feasibility study will focus on where the law
library could be moved.

Kuhar said the library could be moved to another building, or just switch rooms
with the family law court. That would require the library to be downsized.

The commissioners approved a new Internet service agreement with Comcast that
will save the county 80 percent on Internet costs for the courthouse.

John Luko, the county's director of information services, said that by switching
to Comcast the county will pay $120 per month, down from the $600 per month it
had been paying. Luko said the new service will also be faster.

County Parks & Trials director Ed Patterson announced the department has
established the Park Legacy Fund, which will allow citizens to make
tax-deductible donations to the department.

Contributions can be sent to The Community Foundation for the Alleghenies;
Somerset Trust Building; 116 Market St., Suite 4; Johnstown, PA 15901.

Patterson also announced that Parks & Trails recently conducted a sale of old
county equipment that brought in a total of $4,483 for 17 items.

The commissioners also authorized filing a $2 million Redevelopment Assistance
Capital Grant application with the state for partial funding for the proposed
Windy Ridge Business & Technology Park at the intersection of routes 286 and
422. The $2 million was already been promised to the county by Gov. Ed Rendell
last year, but the application must be filed before the money can be spent.

The commissioners also:

--Approved a contract agreement with the state Department of Community and
Economic Development for $250,000 to permit the continuation of the county
housing accessibility program. The funds will provide housing modifications for
permanently disabled residents that meet the income criteria for the program.

--Authorized filing a 2009 HOME program application which will request $500,000
to continue the county-wide Affordable Home Ownership Program and to address
housing rehabilitation needs in the northeast part of the county.

--Appointed the following to the county return board for the May 19 primary
election: Republicans -- Phyllis Spicher, Alice Jean Heberling, Darla Coble and
Carol S. Pierce. Democrats -- Margaret Karp, Katherine Tyger, Iris Holtz and
Margaret Preite.

--Appointed the following to the county resolution board for the primary
election: Republicans Debra L. Streams and Michael T. Clark and Democrat Robin
Maryai.

--Issued a total of five proclamations for National Nursing Home Week, Emergency
Medical Services Week, National Tourism Week, Foster Family Month and National
Bike and Walk Month.

To see more of The Blairsville Dispatch or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.pittsburghlive.com/x/blairsvilledispatch/. Copyright (c) 2009, The
Blairsville Dispatch, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services.
For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090515-DH-GRANT-PRIORITIES-20090515

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DH


                                 Copyright 2009


                              599 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 7, 2015 Monday

Washington: FEMA provides federal funds to help fight the Tepee Springs Fire

LENGTH: 351 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Federal Emergency Management Agency has issued the following news
release:



 The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) has authorized the use of
federal funds to help with firefighting costs for the Tepee Springs Fire in
Idaho County, Idaho.





 FEMA Region X Regional Administrator Kenneth D. Murphy determined that the fire
threatened such destruction as would constitute a major disaster. Murphy
approved the state of Idaho's request for a federal Fire Management Assistance
Grant (FMAG) at 6:00 p.m. PDT on Aug. 29, 2015. Idaho has had four FMAGs
approved since July 2015.The fire started on August 12, 2015 and had burned in
excess of 49,000 acres of federal, state, private and tribal land. At the time
of the request, the fire perimeter was located 1.5 miles east of Riggins and had
moved 11 miles in 12 hours. The fire was threatening 300 homes in and around the
community of Riggins, Idaho. Evacuation orders were issued.



 The fire also threatened roads, bridges, cell towers, radio towers, power
distribution lines, water, sewer and various local businesses in the area. Also
at risk are salmon, steelhead and bull trout, and big horn sheep. There were 130
other large fires burning uncontrolled within the state.



 The authorization makes FEMA funding available to pay 75 percent of the state
of Idaho's eligible firefighting costs under an approved grant for managing,
mitigating and controlling designated fires. These grants provide reimbursement
for firefighting and life-saving efforts. They do not provide assistance to
individuals, homeowners or business owners and do not cover other infrastructure
damage caused by the fire.



 FMAGs are provided through the President's Disaster Relief Fund and made
available by FEMA to assist in fighting fires that threaten to cause a major
disaster. Eligible items can include expenses for field camps; equipment use,
repair and replacement; mobilization and demobilization activities; and tools,
materials and supplies.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              600 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                              June 13, 2008 Friday

County readies phone alert system

BYLINE: By LAITH AGHA Herald Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 746 words


Shortly after the Martin Fire in Santa Cruz County broke out, people near the
fire received phone calls telling them to evacuate.

When Monterey County is confronted with an emergency situation, it takes a while
to get out the word.

Police officers, firefighters and other public officials must go door-to-door to
alert people of a fire burning nearby or of a contaminated water supply, and the
Emergency Alert System broadcasts such messages on television and radio.

Getting the word out is expected to go a lot faster come Sept. 1, when the
county plans to have its telephone emergency notification system installed and
ready to call every county resident in case of an emergency.

The County Department of Emergency Services received a $186,000 grant last week
from the state Office of Homeland Security to set up the system, which is
capable of calling thousands of residents simultaneously, said Phil Yenovkian,
the county's emergency services director.

"Before we knock on the door or you hear a siren, you're already responding,"
Yenovkian said. "You already know not to drink the water, you already know the
(tidal) wave is coming."

Warnings could be issued in a variety of scenarios, including fires,
earthquakes, problems with air or water quality, tsunamis, power outages and
Amber alerts, Yenovkian said.

The old approaches will continue to be used as necessary even after the
telephone system is operating, Yenovkian said.

"If you are going to issue a critical warning, you do what you can to get it
out," he said.

Situation-specific information|

Each message, which will be composed immediately before dispatch, will include
situation-specific information. Messages will alert residents about the kind of
emergency, provide instructions for what to do, and give out information for
those needing assistance, Yenovkian said. A message that alerts residents of a
tsunami would inform residents of when the ocean surge is expected to hit.

During heavy storms that hit the area in January, people throughout the county
were without power for several days, which caused problems for shut-ins whose
food went bad in their refrigerators, Yenovkian said. The telephone emergency
system will instruct people in similar situations about who to call for
assistance, he said.

"There are many cases in which we could have used it," Yenovkian said.

The system will be capable of communicating in other languages, Yenovkian said.

About the time the telephone system becomes operational, the county will be
ready to build an e-mail-cell phone registry for people who prefer those modes.

"So many people only use cells phones or ... live in front of their computers
these days," Yenovkian said.

Federal law prohibits such a registry from being used for commercial purposes,
so people who register their cell phone numbers and e-mail addresses do not have
to worry about their information being provided to telemarketers and spammers,
Yenovkian said.

Cell phone service|

System developers are devising a way for cell phone towers to communicate with
the emergency alert system so that a cell phone receiving signals from towers in
emergency areas will receive warning calls, Yenovkian said. That will allow
visitors to the area to receive calls without having registered their numbers.

Pebble Beach has had a telephone system for about three years, said Richard
Farfan of the Pebble Beach Community Services District.

"If we have any situation regarding a fire and there is a helicopter or anybody
who is going to be using our reservoir to pick up water, we like to be able to
notify our residents," Farfan said.

Emergency calls are sent to Pebble Beach residents or to those in a specific
area, depending on the nature of the emergency, Farfan said.

Pebble Beach alerts|

Pebble Beach has deployed telephone alerts several times this year, including
calls informing residents of conditions during January's major storms and calls
regarding fires in the Del Monte Forest, Farfan said.

Yenovkian said several agencies were considering or being encouraged by
residents to pursue telephone systems before the county receiving the grant.
Emergency Services is working with public works, law enforcement and fire
districts to coordinate the countywide implementation, he said.

"When this opportunity came along, we decided to do this together, which really
made this cost-effective," Yenovkian said.

"Our intent is to make this a truly shared system."

Laith Agha can be reached at lagha@montereyherald.com or 646-4358.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              601 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                              April 8, 1988 Friday
                                  Late Edition

FOOD BY AIR-DROP AS FLOODWATERS RISE

BYLINE: CONNIE LEVETT

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 951 words


Floods on the far North Coast of NSW swept through more than 50 houses
yesterday, and forced the evacuation of more than 100 people from their homes

The Clarence River at Grafton, and the lower reaches of the Richmond River at
Coraki, Woodburn, Broadwater and Wardell, were still rising last night.

Food drops were stepped up, with more than 30 air deliveries to people stranded
in outlying areas. There were also five drops for large groups.

The largest air drop was in Tabulam, where emergency service workers dropped
enough food to last 180 people several days.

The State Government has promised financial assistance to scores of home-owners
whose homes were flooded. The Premier, Mr Greiner, said cash grants and other
assistance would be available through the Family and Community Services
Department to people suffering hardship and distress as a result of the floods.

The deputy controller of the State Emergency Services in the Tweed area, Mr Ian
Anderson, said that about 160 people had been evacuated since the flooding began
five days ago. A full assessment of the damage could not be made until the
waters had receded.

Ninety-five people were evacuated by boat from Cabbage Tree Island Aboriginal
settlement on the Richmond River at 4.30am yesterday. Some 200 motorists
stranded by rising waters south of Ballina had to be evacuated to Maclean in
high-level vehicles.

The Army was called in yesterday morning, using heavy vehicles for fodder drops
to beef and dairy cattle stranded by the rising waters.

The Pacific Highway, still cut near the border at Kingscliff, is also flooded in
two places between Woodburn and Grafton.

Several families were evacuated from South Grafton yesterday, and boats from the
SES and Grafton Water Brigade were on standby for further evacuations last
night.

Thirty people were evacuated from the Tabulam-Drake area, and 18 from the small
town of Whiporie, near Lismore.

Residents of the small towns of Wardell and Woodburn on the lower Richmond have
brought in 1,000 sandbags to sandbank the river's edge near the towns.

They are battling a combination of rising waters and a high tide which could
hold the water level up for an extra 24 to 36 hours, Mr Anderson said.

The Department of Family and Community Services is co-ordinating the provision
of emergency accommodation and food. A spokesman for the department said it was
providing emergency accommodation for 130 people.

"With the opening of the Pacific Highway bypass through Moball and Pottsville,
most of the 200-odd people stranded in Murwillumbah have been able to make their
way north," he said.

Many roads in the area remain closed, but for north-bound motorists stranded in
Murwillumbah or Lismore, the Moball-Pottsville bypass was reopened yesterday,
allowing one lane of traffic through to the border. Motorists queued for hours
to use the road.

Roads still cut by water last night included Grafton to Ballina, Grafton to
Casino, and Grafton to Coffs Harbour via Glenreagh. The Grafton to Glen Innes
road was closed by a landslide.

Rail services to the North Coast were cut because of washaways at Kyarran, north
of Grafton. The holiday coast XPT and the overnight express are terminating in
Grafton, and passengers cannot be carried beyond that.

A special train from Sydney to Tenterfield replaced the Brisbane Limited express
last night. When passengers reached Tenterfield, they were transferred to
coaches for the trip to Brisbane.

While areas around the major centres suffered badly, Lismore, Murwillumbah and
Grafton had little water in their central business districts. In Lismore and
Murwillumbah, river levels are falling slowly and the sun came out yesterday.

In Grafton, the Clarence River is still rising and is predicted to peak at 7
metres early this morning, but there is no risk to the town at this level
because of the levee banks. South Grafton, however, is not protected by levees.

Continuing heavy rain on the Dorrigo plateau, a catchment area for the Clarence,
means the river level could remain high for some days to come.

Flood warnings are current for the Hastings and Macleay rivers, and for the
Paroo and McIntyre rivers in the north-west.

In southern Queensland, major flooding is likely to continue for the next
fortnight in the wake of a week-long deluge, with more rain expected.

Floods are expected to peak on Sunday in Chinchilla in the southwest, and major
flooding is expected through the Balonne River during the next fortnight.

Damage from the worst floods in Queensland since 1974 has already been estimated
at well over $20 million, and primary producers are starting to estimate damage
to soyabean, sorghum and cotton crops.

About 350 millimetres of rain has fallen on the Brisbane area in the past week.

AUSTRALIA'S BIG WET

Monsoon depression moves inland and drops rain on dry land, which in turn
creates a new source of moisture into the atmosphere.

Heaviest rains fall in the Pilbara and Alice Springs regions.

Passage of rains over the last 10 - 15 days

A low pressure front develops off south-eastern Australia, bringing in very
moist easterly winds. This produces flood rains.

Port Hedland - Rain started March 27 230mm fell in hree days. Graziers fear
cattle losses could cost humdreds of thousands of dollars

Alice Springs - Rain started March 30 240mm have fallen since. 80% of annual
rainfall fell in 5 days. 2 dead, 4 missing. Damage bill estimated $3at million.

Grafton - Rain started April 3 235mm have fallen since. Most flooding has been
confined to Lismore, Murwillumbah and Byron Bay region.

South-East Queensland - 350mm have fallen in the past week. Damage bill
estimated at $20 million. Damage to soyabean, sorghum and cotton crops unknown.
More rain madn flooding expected.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illus: Flooding at South Grafton yesterday. Picture by PAUL MATHEWS
Map: Australia's big wet. Graphics by Henry Everingham

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1988 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              602 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Albert & Logan News  (Australia)

                              April 7, 2006 Friday

SECTION: Pg. 5

LENGTH: 334  words


brieflyNo more treesTHE suspension of Logan City Council's free tree scheme will
continue until water restrictions are lifted. Community services chairwoman
Councillor Pam Parker said it was important the council's programs supported the
regional push to save water. ''New trees require much more water than
established ones, so it is better if we hold off with the scheme,'' she said.

Painting dayFAMILIES should head to Springwood Reservoir on Saturday for a
painting day. Logan City Council is running a community art project, with the
aim of painting 440 metres of the reservoir. Phone Cameron Stelzer on 3388 6850
or 0415 778 797.

Centre supportEAGLEBY Community Centre is calling on tea drinkers to help in a
national fundraising initiative. The centre has the opportunity to receive a
share in up to $500,000 of cash grants. Over the next 12 months, residents can
support the centre by sending them tokens found on specifically marked Bushells
and Lanchoo tea boxes. Visit www.bushellscommunitycash.com.

Council meetLOGAN City Council will not hold a full council meeting on April 11
because of the recent mayoral by-election. The next meeting will be held on
April 19. Committee meetings will be held on April 10, 11 and 12. Visit
www.logan.qld.gov.au.

Funding grantKINGSTON charity, Family and Kids Care Foundation has received more
than $84,000 dollars in the latest funding round of the Jupiters Casino
Community Benefit Fund. Member for Woodridge Desley Scott said the money would
go towards constructing a warehouse for food storage. To apply for a grant phone
3872 0815.

Big celebrationLIBERTY Christian Church is celebrating 25 years of involvement
in the Logan community this year.

The church has grown steadily in this time and now meets at three locations with
the centre located in the heart of Logan. Liberty CARE helps with food
assistance, financial budgeting, emergency contact and counselling and is on
hand to respond to a tragedy or disaster on a local level. Visit
www.libertycc.com.au.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ALF


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              603 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                             July 9, 2016 Saturday

DRC - Emergency Food Security, Water, Sanitation, and Protection Assistance -
Oxfam Qubec 2016

LENGTH: 554  words


Maximum CIDA Contribution: $1,500,000
Status: Operational
Sectors :


Emergency assistance-
-Material relief assistance and services (072010): 100%


Description : March 2016  The Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) continues to
experience one of the most complex and protracted humanitarian crises in the
world, with numerous, large-scale displacement and returnee movements, extremely
low level basic services leading to large-scale cholera and measles epidemics,
increasing refugee populations, and over 50 different armed groups that continue
to terrorize communities, particularly in Orientale, North Kivu, South Kivu, and
Katanga provinces. At least 1.6 million people in the DRC are internally
displaced and a further 500,000 Congolese are living as refugees in neighbouring
countries. Approximately 5 million people are food insecure, and acute
malnutrition is estimated at 8 per cent. Protection concerns remain very high,
with sexual violence and other abuses related to the violence plaguing vast
numbers of civilians. Humanitarian needs could further increase if insecurity
grows in relation to the deepening political crisis over elections planned for
late this year. Overall, an estimated 7.5 million people in the DRC (roughly 9%
of the total population) are expected to require humanitarian assistance in 2016
(an increase of 500,000 over this time last year).


With GACs support, Oxfam is providing assistance to address the urgent needs of
up to 30,000 conflict-affected people in North Kivu province. This project
focuses on enhancing food security as well as increasing access to safe water,
sanitation facilities, and protection services for vulnerable people. Project
activities include: (1) provision of cash grants to up to 10,800 people; (2)
provision of agricultural inputs to up to 9,000 people; (3) distribution of
basic household items to up to 10,500 people; (4) training up to 1,800 people on
agriculture techniques; (5) constructing or rehabilitating ten water points; (6)
constructing 250 latrines with hand-washing stations; (7) completing an
awareness-raising campaign focused on positive hygiene practices; and (8)
increasing awareness within the community on available protection services.
Expected Results: The expected outcomes for this project include: (1) increased
access to interventions designed to promote greater self-sufficiency; (2)
increased access to safe drinking water; (3) increased access to sanitation
facilities and hygiene supplies; and (4) increased access to services and
assistance aimed at protecting the basic rights of crisis-affected groups.

The expected ultimate outcome is lives saved, suffering alleviated and human
dignity maintained in countries experiencing humanitarian crises or acute food
insecurity.
Project completion date : 2017-06-30 12:00:00
Major organization : OXFAM-QUBEC

Address : 2330, rue Notre-Dame Ouest
Montral (Qubec) H3J 2Y2

Country :Canada
Email : info@oxfam.qc.ca

Url : http://oxfam.qc.ca/

Financier : CANADIAN INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT AGENCY (CIDA),DEPARTMENT OF
FOREIGN AFFAIRS TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT (DFATD),OXFAM ,

Financier address : Department of Foreign Affairs, Trade and Development (DFATD)
(Formerly CIDA)


125 Sussex Drive


Ottawa, ON


K1A 0G2


Canada


Tel: 1-800-267-8376, 613-944-4000


Fax: 613-996-9709


http://www.international.gc.ca

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2016 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              604 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           November 12, 2011 Saturday

Where the money goes

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 738 words


During a special session this week, the North Dakota Legislature passed a
comprehensive disaster relief bill to provide flood relief and assistance to
communities dealing with rapid development from oil and gas production. Senate
Bill 2371 would spend nearly $158.9 million from the general fund and $215.5
million from other state funds, and authorize the spending of a potential $235
million in federal funds.

Here's a breakdown of the funding.

$50 million: For the rebuilders loan program, which will allow North Dakotans
with flood-damaged homes to take out 1 percent, 20-year loans of up to $30,000.
The first $30 million is guaranteed to be in the program, while the next $20
million is contingent on the first $30 million being loaned.

$10 million:For the rebuilders loan program or for housing rehabilitation. The
adjutant general could put more money into the rebuilders loan program or grant
the money to cities and counties for flood-impacted housing rehabilitation.

$80 million: For emergency relief projects related to transportation. The state
Department of Transportation may borrow $200 million, rather than the $120
million passed during the regular session, for emergency relief projects.

$30 million: For infrastructure development grants for flood-impacted political
subdivisions. The money can be granted to counties, cities, school districts and
other political subdivisions in Barnes, Benson, Burleigh, McHenry, Morton,
Ramsey, Renville, Richland and Ward counties. Political subdivisions could use
the grants to build new infrastructure directly related to the displacement of
residents, to evaluate the extent of damage to community-owned infrastructure,
to restore or repair community-owned infrastructure, expand landfill capacity or
reimburse flood-related waste disposal costs, raise roads or develop
flood-control structures, acquire property for infrastructure, acquire homes
damaged by levy construction, or provide reimbursement for other flood-related
expenses. The money is supposed to be used to address needs not funded by other
sources, such as federal relief or insurance.

$235 million: For flood-impacted communities, if the money comes in from the
federal government. The Department of Commerce is authorized to use up to $235
million that may be granted by the federal government in the form of community
development block grants to provide loans or grants to flood-impacted
communities. The money is not guaranteed to come into the state; the U.S. Senate
has considered issuing $400 million in grants nationwide.

$6 million: For road-grade raising projects on federal-aid eligible roads in the
Devils Lake Basin.

$29.5 million: For the required state share of funding for expenses associated
with presidentially-declared disasters.

$5 million: For the local share on federal emergency relief funding, if the
state has a 2012 disaster that causes more than $50 million in damage.

$48.7 million: To the state disaster relief fund.

$50 million: To the state Water Commission for hazard mitigation, property
acquisition, and construction of flood control projects.

$500,000: For infrastructure needs for Minot Public Schools, including repairing
and replacing damaged schools.

$681,870: For four new Highway Patrol troopers in the western part of the state.

$30 million: For the oil and gas impact grant fund, if the tax commissioner
certifies that total oil and gas tax revenue collections from July 1, 2011, to
Feb. 29, 2012, exceed projections by at least $48 million. Priority is to be
given to grants from the new funds that would relate to emergency services.

$5 million: For the oil and gas impact grant fund, for the purpose of $1.25
million grants to new oil-producing counties after November 2011 to address
impacts from new oil and gas development. A new oil-producing county is one with
at least four rigs in operation that produced less than 100,000 barrels of oil
in November 2011.

$23 million:For transportation funding distributions to non-oil-producing
counties, cities and townships, if the tax commissioner certifies that total oil
and gas tax revenue collections from July 1, 2011, to Feb. 29, 2012, exceed
projections by at least $48 million. The funding includes $10,000 for each
township.

$1 million:To the state Industrial Commission for expenses associated with
possible litigation with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency over its
possible regulation of hydraulic fracturing.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2011 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              605 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                The Morning Call

                           September 18, 2005, Sunday

Pennsylvania residents still frustrated with FEMA response to Hurricane Ivan

BYLINE: By Tim Darragh

LENGTH: 2094 words



The Federal Emergency Management Agency, harshly criticized for its response to
the Hurricane Katrina disaster, remains a source of frustration and
disappointment for some in Pennsylvania a year after another storm brought
massive flooding to the region.

The federal and state governments committed more than $ 188 million to help
residents and fix roads, bridges and other public facilities in Pennsylvania
after the flooding caused a year ago today by the remnants of Hurricane Ivan.

In the Lehigh Valley area, nowhere was hit harder than Northampton County.
Nearly 1,450 families or businesses countywide got $ 3.7 million in disaster
assistance. Municipalities received $ 6 million to repair damages to public
structures.

While the post-Ivan evaluations are not nearly as critical as the post-Katrina
fallout, the government's response is meeting with some dissatisfaction and
unanswered questions. Interviews and an analysis of disaster assistance records
also show how uneven that response can be, even for neighbors and adjacent
municipalities.

"The community worked together in a crisis just fine," said Nancy Knott, owner
of Knott Necessarily Antiques in Portland. "You get in a stressful position and
everybody comes together and helps. Except FEMA."

Strangers helped move her inventory in the hours before Ivan ravaged the borough
along the banks of the Delaware River, Knott said. But when she went looking for
cash assistance, Knott found that FEMA does not offer direct grants to
businesses. The best it could offer, she said, was a loan that would have set
back her finances further.

That just aggravated the extreme stress she was under from dealing with the
water damage.

"People have no idea how emotionally draining a flood can be," Knott said. "It's
absolutely exhausting."

In Northampton County, Ivan -- by that point a tropical depression -- dropped 4
to 8 inches of rain mostly during the morning of Sept. 18, 2004. By the time
rivers crested and creeks overflowed their banks, thousands of homes were
flooded, bridges were washed out and property was damaged or destroyed. Ivan
ended up being the nation's third-most costly natural disaster -- before Katrina
struck.

But the help FEMA brought to the region wasn't suitable for everyone in need.

FEMA offered Denise Knauss and her partners a low-interest loan to help rebuild
their shattered jewelry store, Klassic Gold, in Hellertown. But with neither
flood insurance nor income immediately after the storm, Knauss and her partners
couldn't repay the loan. The $ 160-per-week disaster assistance she received
from FEMA -- a form of unemployment compensation available to employers in
disasters -- helped little because the government considers it taxable income,
she said.

"You have to jump through all the hoops and go through all the paperwork and at
the end you find that they offer nothing," Knauss said.

Klassic Gold survived, however, reopening in time for the Christmas season.
Knauss credited the business' revival to unswerving commitment, volunteer help
from the community and her landlord and a loan from her brother.

Jon Hammer, manager of flood-prone Bethlehem Township, said he has heard
residents complain about FEMA's response. But overall, he said, "I'd say it was
good."

Such stories of disappointment and gratitude toward FEMA are most common in
Northampton County, but other counties also were hard-hit. Among those that
qualified for disaster relief -- Bucks, Carbon, Monroe, Lehigh, Montgomery and
Schuylkill -- FEMA had another 2,139 individual and business applicants who
received $ 5.5 million. FEMA committed $ 2.4 million to municipalities in those
counties as well.

Three western Pennsylvania counties -- Allegheny, Beaver and Washington --
either reported more damage or had more people affected than Northampton,
according to records.

A variety of conditions affects FEMA's decision to grant aid, including the
victims' insurance coverage and the extent of damage. A family's income is not
considered. Because of those factors, an examination of FEMA records and
interviews with flood victims make the agency's decisions to offer aid seem
inconsistent.

Despite widespread flooding along the Delaware River, including the
unforgettable image of two houses bobbing downstream into the
Easton-Phillipsburg Free Bridge, the neighborhood to get the most FEMA help was
Butztown in Bethlehem Township, several miles to the west.

Neighborhoods along the Bushkill Creek in Easton, Palmer and Forks townships, as
well as Delaware River communities, followed Butztown in receiving the most
disaster assistance locally.

FEMA provided The Morning Call data on individual disaster assistance in
Pennsylvania sorted by ZIP code, giving a generalized picture of how it
distributed disaster funds.

In Butztown, the tiny Nancy Run briefly became a raging torrent that wiped out
several homes and damaged businesses.

Township Police Chief Dan Pancoast owned one of the homes. His family received
emergency funds for shelter, a $ 10,000 grant to relocate and a Small Business
Administration low-interest loan, he said, adding that he was surprised the loan
was available for his family.

Pancoast said the family initially was "very pleased" with FEMA's
responsiveness. However, as the months went on, Pancoast said, he found the
application process arduous.

He had to appeal FEMA's initial decision to rebuild his home, even though it had
been condemned. FEMA reconsidered and agreed to pay the larger cost of moving,
and Pancoast relocated to a home in East Allen Township.

While the creek flooded out Pancoast's former home, a wall of runoff water
crashed down on the nearby neighborhood around Sunset Drive, ripping apart the
street and surging into homes.

Water poured into the basement of David and Cynthia Altemus' home. It crested
just as it started to seep through the family room floor, she said.

FEMA provided money for a clothes washer and dryer, although priceless family
artifacts, such as her wedding gown, old family videotapes and military
uniforms, were lost, she said. "FEMA, they were wonderful," Altemus said. "I
really have to say that."

She said she carefully followed FEMA's instructions to complete every step of
the process. "I made sure I investigated and got the information," she said.

Across the street, Elaine Schadler said she too had water in her basement. She
lost personal and household items costing "thousands," but she got no money from
FEMA.

"We went through the regular process of applying and got absolutely nothing,"
she said.

FEMA does not discuss individual applications to protect individuals' privacy.

Privacy concerns also prevent FEMA from answering why the Ivan disaster
assistance fund covered two funerals for people in Northampton County. No one in
the county died as a direct result of the storm, according to Coroner Zachary
Lysek.

Funeral expenses still may be covered if the death is indirectly related to the
storm, said FEMA public affairs officer Barbara Ellis. If someone repairing
storm-caused roof damage falls to his death, the survivors may qualify for
funeral assistance, she said. A family doctor must also certify that the death
was somehow related, she added.

FEMA records show funeral benefits totaling $ 11,160 were paid to applicants in
Bethlehem Township and Stockertown.

The agency came under congressional fire this year after The Sun-Sentinel
newspaper in Fort Lauderdale, Fla., revealed that it covered the expenses of 203
funerals of Floridians whose deaths were not connected to natural disasters.
Federal authorities this year also indicted 14 people in Miami-Dade County on
fraud charges after they sought benefits from FEMA's disaster assistance funds.
The agency paid $ 21 million to people in that county, even though it was hardly
touched in any of the four hurricanes to hit Florida last year.

Across Pennsylvania, FEMA paid for nine funerals from its Hurricane Ivan fund.
The state Emergency Management Agency reported that 12 Pennsylvanians died as a
result of Ivan.

The fund also paid about $ 70,000 for personal dental and medical bills across
the state, records show.

Those were small sums compared with claims for major damage to homes and
businesses, which alone totaled $ 28 million. A structure sustains "major
damage" when damage such as flooding on the first floor or partial destruction
of the roof makes living or working in the building an extreme hardship,
emergency management officials said.

The FEMA records detail overall payments for thousands of other items statewide,
such as 9,301 washing machines ($ 4 million); cleaning and sanitizing services
in 12,486 places ($ 5.4 million); 3,923 televisions ($ 1.2 million); and 1,879
school textbooks and supplies ($ 939,500).

The experiences of some downtown Easton residents also illustrate the
unpredictable business of deciding who gets help.

Patricia Young lived on Nevin Terrace for more than 51 years when Ivan flooded
the first floor of her house. FEMA "made good for the stuff I lost," she said.

Young left the home for good when storm water and snow melt swamped downtown
Easton and other Delaware River communities only seven months later.

Christopher Abbott, who rents out a house in downtown Easton, chose to forgo
FEMA's funding and red tape. Abbott said his property had 5 feet of water in the
basement, which he pumped out and cleaned himself.

"I just paid for the expenses on my own," he said.

A neighbor, Anthony Koury Jr., was frustrated by FEMA's bureaucracy. His family
was waiting for aid when more flooding came in April.

"What we got is very minimal," Koury said. "It's just an arduous process, and
they just don't make it easy. You come to a point where you're just frustrated.
The response is just not that great."

Slow response at times troubled local municipalities as well.

Hellertown just last week got word that FEMA approved its cleanup of borough
hall and replacement of office equipment and other materials. It still awaits
FEMA's decision on its applications to replace a culvert and a bridge.

Residents and small business owners at times have been disappointed by the
amount FEMA offered and the length of time the process takes, said Borough
Manager Charlie Luthar.

"Generally, I think we're moving in the right direction," Luthar said. "It maybe
is not as fast as a lot of people would like to see it -- but in defense of
FEMA, there's a lot of paperwork that they have to go through."

In Forks Township, which hosted a FEMA disaster recovery center, the assessment
was more positive.

"Working with FEMA was fantastic," said Forks Township Manager Cathy Kichline.
"In fact, we just got our reimbursement."

Ivan caused more damage to township facilities than the April flooding, which
was more devastating to homes, she said.

Easton, meanwhile, has received about two-thirds of the $ 1 million in damages
FEMA has committed to paying just for Ivan, said consultant Conrad Bowers.

The city still has two park bridges to replace, said Bowers, who was brought on
to handle the FEMA claims exclusively. Before he began working on the claims,
there was no one in City Hall who had the time and expertise to work through the
thicket of paperwork that also has to satisfy environmental, historic
preservation and other regulations.

Easton Mayor Phil Mitman was just grateful that the downtown came back after two
floods. "They could have decided to leave," he said. "They didn't. They stayed."

Like others, Mitman acknowledged that the suffering caused by Katrina is much
greater than what his community endured from Ivan. Nevertheless, it was a
devastating experience, "a New Orleans in Easton" to those who were forced from
their homes and businesses, he said.

Now, the drama and struggle of rebuilding from a disaster have been replaced by
the tedium of paperwork and bureaucracy.

"The process works," Bowers said. "It's just that we had flooding in September
2004 and we're here in September 2005" -- still owed $ 405,000.



-----

To see more of The Morning Call, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.mcall.com. Copyright (c) 2005, The Morning Call, Allentown, Pa.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: AA-FEMA-20050918

JOURNAL-CODE: AA

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                        Copyright 2005 The Morning Call


                              606 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            March 26, 2009 Thursday
                                   F1 Edition

Township supervisor hopefuls share goals

SECTION: NEIGHBOR; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 918 words


In the April 7 election, two candidates are vying for Elgin Township Supervisor.
Candidates were asked to complete a Q some excerpts from their answers are given
below. The candidates are Daniel Kairis, incumbent Annette Miller and Frederick
Steffen. Steffen did not respond to the questionnaire.

Q. Name the three most important goals or objectives this board should tackle in
the coming term. Prioritize them, and briefly discuss why you believe each to be
critical, and how the board should go about addressing them.

Daniel Kairis. 1. Reduce the supervisor's pay from $70,000 to $30,000. This
position and the responsibilities do not warrant a $70,000 salary. We need to
show the people their elected leaders should be serving the public not the other
way around. This will take a majority of the board and that is why the Green
Party is also running three candidates for trustee.

2. Initiating a meeting to coordinate government, social, and faith-based
agencies to make the best use of limited funds to provide services for those in
need. The township supervisor is in a perfect position to bring all assisting
agencies together to formulate an organized plan to serve as many citizens as
possible without duplicating services to some while others receive none.

3. Make detailed township financial information available to the public. A
complete financial accounting of the township is necessary to earn the trust of
the township citizens. The Green Party candidates will provide the information
both on the Web site and available at the township office.

Annette Miller. First, I would like the Elgin Township to continue to be
financially stable and maintain or expand our community grants (social services,
youth, and seniors). We realize the need for services is in high demand, while
the necessary funding is decreasing. We have been able to help fund many
programs for our local agencies, while staying within our budget constraints.

Secondly, I think one important objective to accomplish would be to expand our
recycling efforts. We already have battery recycling that encompasses northern
and western Kane County. I would like to incorporate an electronic recycling
program along with that. Today with the abundance of electronics, it is a much
needed service. I believe once a month the county has a collection, but there is
nothing in place for northern Kane County, we need to make it more accessible
for our residents. We are also in the process of developing a safe disposal of
unused medications program; which is not currently offered anywhere in northern
Kane County. This program would enable residents to safely discard their
medications without the risk of going into our water table.

Finally, I would like to see our Web site be more up-to-date, user-friendly and
with added information; such as budgets, levies and other financial information
that is currently available upon request. We, as elected officials, need to be
accountable to the residents of Elgin Township. Through our Web site, I believe
residents will be able to access what programs and services we offer, as well as
meeting dates, minutes and financial information.

Q. In the 21st century, with municipalities gobbling up vacant land, why are
townships needed? Should they be serving a new role? If so, what?

Kairis. That is one question I believe should be asked of the citizens. The
state constitution allows for the question to be asked by a referendum. I
believe we should pursue placing the question on the ballot, allow for public
hearings and debate and allow the township citizens a vote on its continuation
or dissolution.

Miller. Townships are needed because they do the following (which is mandated by
state statute): assess property, maintain township roads, and provide General
Assistance. In addition, the township provides many other services: battery
recycling, social service grants, youth funding grants, transportation
assistance, emergency assistance, financial assistance to TRIAD-providing senior
safety academies, community room access, brush and limb pickup, assistance with
real estate tax exemption forms, and educational forums.

Q. What should be the primary responsibility of township government?

Kairis. The township obviously is responsible for the township roads and the
assessment of property values. The township can also be effective in helping
those local citizens that "fall through the cracks" and help them get assistance
. The township can do this by helping coordinate the various agencies as
mentioned above.

Miller. Township government is the closest form of government to the people. It
serves its residents by offering many services and programs, while keeping the
tax rate under 1 percent. We should continue to provide these quality services
and a low tax rate; this is good, responsible government.

Q. In these hard economic times, can you identify some township
expenses/programs that could be trimmed or eliminated to reduce the tax burden?

Kairis. The township supervisor's salary reduction is a start. Working in
conjunction with South Elgin and Elgin in providing better coordination on road
maintenance can provide cost-cutting measures.

Miller. I believe the township now, more than ever, needs to continue to provide
emergency assistance for its residents. This program assists people that have a
disconnection notice on gas, electric or water, or an eviction/foreclosure
notice. We can continue to support this program without any tax burden to the
residents of Elgin Township.

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Annette MillerDaniel Kairis

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              607 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                             January 3, 2014 Friday
                                  WEST EDITION

SCOTT APPLIES FOR AID TO REPAIR FLOODING DAMAGE;
OFFICIALS UNCERTAIN WHETHER FUNDS WILL APPLY TO RESIDENTIAL CLAIMS

BYLINE: Carole Gilbert Brown

SECTION: METRO; Pg. W-3

LENGTH: 566 words


Scott commissioners have initiated steps to obtain state and federal assistance
for homeowners affected by flooding and water damage from storms in July.

Commissioners adopted a resolution Monday that would allow the township to
obtain financial assistance under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and
Emergency Assistance Act, which has undergone several revisions since it was
adopted in 1988 as an amended version of the Disaster Relief Act of 1974.

The federal law allows communities like Scott that have sustained flooding to
obtain grants for 100 percent reimbursement from the Federal Emergency
Management Agency and the Pennsylvania Emergency Management Agency.

While officials are pleased about the potential grants, they are unsure if
residential claims will be covered. Homeowners have repeatedly asked
commissioners about financial assistance for repairs.

Particularly hard hit were homes in Wards 3 and 4, which straddle Bower Hill
Road; Ryan Drive in Ward 9; and Scrubgrass Road in Ward 8. Some residents said
they have been affected by flooding from heavy rainstorms and melting snow as
far back as the 1960s. Others told of being afraid to leave their homes when
rains begin.

While optimistic that money for repairs and flood resolution could be
forthcoming, board President Tom Castello warned everyone not to get their hopes
up.

"This is a brand new program," he said. "We don't know what's going to happen."

He also said that board members are grateful to township manager Denise
Fitzgerald for learning about it.

After last summer's storms, the Catholic Diocese of Pittsburgh undertook some
flood control measures to prevent future runoff from Our Lady of Grace church
and school property on Kane Boulevard onto nearby residential properties.

In other business, the commissioners approved an $11.8 million budget for 2014,
with no new taxes. The real estate tax levy will be 4.33 mills, with 0.0776
mills dedicated to the township library.

Vote on the budget was 7-1, with Bill Wells voting no and Dave Calabria absent.

Mr. Wells said later that he could not support the budget because he believes
one budget meeting involving the three finance committee members was held
illegally because there was no public notice or advertisement.

"I can't vote for a budget that they circumvented the Sunshine Law to pass," he
said. "I just don't think it's right."

Information obtained from the Pennsylvania Freedom of Information Coalition
supports his position.

"All municipal governing bodies and their committees are covered by the
[Sunshine] Act," the coalition response said.

Mr. Wells also complained that board members were not given enough time to look
over the proposed 60-page budget. Members had 10 minutes to study the document,
he said.

In other action, the board approved a proclamation to honor the Bower Hill
Volunteer Fire Department for 90 years of service.

Also, Pat Martin of Center Street pointed out that there is a discrepancy about
the Route 50 names for the Tri-Community Revitalization project involving
Carnegie, Scott and Heidelberg. One reads "Washington Pike," which is in
Collier.

Mrs. Martin also noted that a sign at Creek Street and Carothers Avenue is
leaning.

"It's been hit already," replied Mrs. Fitzgerald, who added that the sign
confusion will be corrected because the road is a state road.

Carole Gilbert Brown, freelance writer: suburbanliving@post-gazette.com

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              608 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Grunion Gazette (Long Beach, California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 3, 2010 Wednesday

Su Casa Lacks Funds Needed To Repair Classroom Roof

BYLINE: Shereen Oca, Grunion Gazette, Long Beach, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 619 words


Feb. 3--Approximately 300 individuals seek safety at the Su Casa ~ Ending
Domestic Violence emergency shelter every year.

Most recently fled their homes and arrived with only the clothes on their back,
according to Vicki Doolittle, executive director of Su Casa.

The 22-bed shelter offers victims of domestic violence and their families
temporary housing and support services such as counseling, clothing assistance,
case management, transportation, legal advocacy and on-site schooling for
children and teens.

Although a majority of its funding is derived from government grants, Su Casa
currently finds itself in a financial quandary. According to Doolittle, domestic
violence tends to escalate during times of economic difficulty, and as a result,
demand for Su Casa's services has reached an unprecedented level. At the same
time, Doolittle said Su Casa's funding has decreased so much that organizers no
longer have the financial resources to pay for unforeseen expenses such as
repairs to the rain-damaged roof over the site classroom.

"The classroom and offices have a flat roof," Doolittle said. "We were really
worried after two, three days of constant rain that the water was pooling... The
classroom teacher, Sheralyn Velasco, reported to the manager that she saw
ceiling tiles buckle, which was worrisome, and signs of water coming through the
light fixture."

Su Casa's emergency shelter, the location of which remains confidential to
ensure residents' safety, is comprised of three mid-century buildings in Spanish
style. They all incurred rain damage during the heavy storms last month. But
when water began to seep through the classroom's ceiling lights and a ceiling
panel started to lower, the children were evacuated. They were moved from the
main classroom, which can accommodate 12 to 15 students, to another one about
half that size. The other buildings were not evacuated.

"I felt it was a safety concern," Velasco said. "...We won't be able to have
kids in there until it is somehow repaired."

The children have not been able to move back into their classroom because Su
Casa does not have enough money to pay for the repairs, which will cost about
$5,000.

"Any of these really unexpected emergency expenses are not in grants," Doolittle
said. "And even if it was expected, most grants don't cover these kinds of
things."

There were about eight students in class the day of the evacuation. For the time
being, they fit in the smaller classroom. However, space is tight. Doolittle
said any help from the community would be appreciated.

"We homeschool the children because we feel it's an important responsibility
that their lives are not interrupted more than is necessary, especially their
education," Doolittle said. "...Without a classroom, the consequences would be
pretty serious from the standpoint of children falling behind academically. At
the same time, they're grappling with enormous psychological challenges because
of violence in their family. It would be really devastating to young kids."

Su Casa's 24-hour hotline, 402-4888, provides callers with information about its
services -- in addition to the emergency shelter, there are outreach and
transitional shelters -- as well as crisis intervention. To donate to Su Casa,
call 519-8597 or visit www.sucasadv.org.

To see more of the Grunion Gazette or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.gazettes.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Grunion Gazette, Long Beach,
Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100203-VQ-Su-Casa-Lacks-Funds-Needed-To-Repair-Classroom-Roof-0203

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VQ


                                 Copyright 2010


                              609 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                           January 4, 2006 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Cost of Stawell fire grows as aid effort starts;
CLIMATE AND FIRE

BYLINE: ANDRA JACKSON

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 587 words


The number of homes lost in the Stawell fire has risen to 11, two of them owned
by families with children.

A couple who moved into their new house just under a year ago said it was the
second time they had been affected by bushfires.

All have been given temporary accommodation with friends.

Other residents in the area, in Victoria's north-west, have been left without
power or water as a result of the fire.

As the costs of the three-day fire continued to be counted yesterday, the
Department of Primary Industry said olive groves, vineyards and commercial
flower farms had also been destroyed.

North Grampian Shire Council's director of community development and lifestyle,
Jan Consedine, said local people had responded generously to those affected,
offering seven vacant homes, furnished and unfurnished, to those left homeless.

Companies have offered furniture, the local Mitre-10 hardware store has offered
to donate goods and Melbourne store Funtastic Limited has offered to distribute
toys.

A meeting was organised in Stawell last night, attended by police and Salvation
Army representatives, to set up an appeal committee to help victims.

While some fire-damaged properties were covered by insurance, "there are people
who need money now", said Stawell businesswoman and councillor Robyn Smith.

They include farmers who lost stock, water pumps and fencing.

Ms Smith said that several banks had offered to set up an appeal and the meeting
would assess what victims needed.

A public meeting will be held next Tuesday at the Stawell Entertainment Centre
to detail the assistance available to those affected by the fire, which started
on New Year's Eve.

Centrelink and the Department of Human Services, and agencies including
Grampians Community Health, will outline the support and services available.

According to the Country Fire Authority, the Stawell-area fire, now under
control, burnt more than 7500 hectares - 80 per cent of it private property.

Also lost were 46 outbuildings and three woolsheds, 1456 sheep, 3874 hay bales
and 165 kilometres of fencing. The Department of Agriculture put the stock loss
at more than 1600, mostly sheep, and said that more than 2500 hectares of
pasture was destroyed.

Agriculture Minister Bob Cameron said his department had a team of 35 staff
working with farmers after the fire to help assess damage and destroy stock.

The team would continue to monitor the condition of stock.

The department will pay for fuel to cover emergency deliveries of fodder.

The Victorian Farmers Federation said yesterday it was identifying needs and
that it was heartened by the State Government's quick response.

The ANZ Bank announced assistance for victims of the NSW and Victorian fires,
including a $10,000 grant for mortgage customers whose homes, stock and
machinery had been destroyed and a $5000 grant for those whose home or farm was
damaged.

About 260 firefighters helped contain the Stawell fire's control lines yesterday
and extinguish hot spots.

They were supported by 40 water tankers and five aircraft.

All roads in the fire-affected area have been reopened to the public but
motorists are warned to watch for falling trees and drive slowly because of fire
trucks in the area.

Firefighters continue to patrol the fire near Wangaratta, in north-east
Victoria, which was declared safe on Monday.

The CFA attended 48 small fires around Victoria yesterday, including a grass
fire in Dorset Road, Greenvale.

Cheques or money orders can be sent to the Stawell Bushfire Appeal, Post Office
Box 580, Stawell 3380.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: The remains of 75-year-old Barbara Repper's home outside
Stawell. Picture: John Donegan

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              610 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 1, 2014 Friday

Arkansas Delegation Announces Funding for Arkansas Fire Departments

LENGTH: 449  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator John Boozman, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

U.S. Senators Mark Pryor and John Boozman today joined Congressmen Tim Griffin
(AR-2) and Steve Womack (AR-3) to announce that five Arkansas fire departments
will receive nearly $700,000 from the U.S. Department of Homeland Security's
Assistance to Firefighters Grant Program (AFG) to purchase equipment, training
materials, and vehicles.

"Whether it's providing life-saving turnout gear or vehicles, this program is
critical to keeping Arkansas first responders safe on the job," Pryor said. "I'm
proud to support our first responders who do so much to keep our families and
property safe."

"These funds will provide our firefighters with the appropriate tools, resources
and training they need to protect Arkansas families and communities and be
better prepared to respond to emergencies," Boozman said.

"As our firefighters work to protect our communities, this investment in
communications technology and other needed equipment will help ensure our
firefighters are better prepared to respond when life is threatened," said
Griffin.

"These grants are welcomed news for Arkansas's brave firemen and women.  They
will provide essential training and equipment to help ensure our firefighters'
safety as they put themselves into harm's way to protect ours," Womack said.

The fire departments receiving funding are as follows:

Hensley: The Hensley Volunteer Fire Department will receive $12,357 for
communications equipment including pagers, mobile radios, headsets, portable
radios, and responder rehab equipment.

Jonesboro: The Valley View Fire Protection District will receive $100,482 for
turnout gear and breathing equipment.

Shirley: The Burnt Ridge Volunteer Fire Department will receive $223,250 for the
purchase of a tanker/tender, which is used to draft water from hydrants and
lakes.

Rudy: The Crawford County Fire District One will receive $229,197 for SCBA face
pieces with cylinders along with additional cylinders.

Van Buren: The Butterfield District 5 Volunteer Fire Department will receive
$132,052 for a manufacturer burn simulator.

The Assistance to Firefighters Program of the Federal Emergency Management
Agency is supported by the omnibus appropriations bill and provides fire
departments and Emergency Medical Services (EMS) organizations with the tools
and resources necessary to protect the health and safety of the public and
emergency response personnel. During Fiscal Year 2013, DHS AFG Program awarded
approximately $288.8 million directly to local fire departments and EMS
organizations.

For further information please visit: http://www.boozman.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              611 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 1, 2014 Friday

Hensley, Jonesboro, Shirley, Rudy, and Van Buren Fire Departments Receive
Federal Funding

LENGTH: 448  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator John Boozman, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

U.S. Senators Mark Pryor and John Boozman today joined Congressmen Tim Griffin
(AR-2) and Steve Womack (AR-3) to announce that five Arkansas fire departments
will receive nearly $700,000 from the U.S. Department of Homeland Security's
Assistance to Firefighters Grant Program (AFG) to purchase equipment, training
materials, and vehicles.

"Whether it's providing life-saving turnout gear or vehicles, this program is
critical to keeping Arkansas first responders safe on the job," Pryor said. "I'm
proud to support our first responders who do so much to keep our families and
property safe."

"These funds will provide our firefighters with the appropriate tools, resources
and training they need to protect Arkansas families and communities and be
better prepared to respond to emergencies," Boozman said.

"As our firefighters work to protect our communities, this investment in
communications technology and other needed equipment will help ensure our
firefighters are better prepared to respond when life is threatened," said
Griffin.

"These grants are welcomed news for Arkansas's brave firemen and women.  They
will provide essential training and equipment to help ensure our firefighters'
safety as they put themselves into harm's way to protect ours," Womack said.

The fire departments receiving funding are as follows:

Hensley: The Hensley Volunteer Fire Department will receive $12,357 for
communications equipment including pagers, mobile radios, headsets, portable
radios, and responder rehab equipment.

Jonesboro: The Valley View Fire Protection District will receive $100,482 for
turnout gear and breathing equipment.

Shirley: The Burnt Ridge Volunteer Fire Department will receive $223,250 for the
purchase of a tanker/tender, which is used to draft water from hydrants and
lakes.

Rudy: The Crawford County Fire District One will receive $229,197 for SCBA face
pieces with cylinders along with additional cylinders.

Van Buren: The Butterfield District 5 Volunteer Fire Department will receive
$132,052 for a manufacturer burn simulator.

The Assistance to Firefighters Program of the Federal Emergency Management
Agency is supported by the omnibus appropriations bill and provides fire
departments and Emergency Medical Services (EMS) organizations with the tools
and resources necessary to protect the health and safety of the public and
emergency response personnel. During Fiscal Year 2013, DHS AFG Program awarded
approximately $288.8 million directly to local fire departments and EMS
organizations.

For further information please visit: http://www.boozman.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              612 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            August 23, 2012 Thursday

Fears setting in over lack of money for heating assistance this winter

BYLINE: Mario Moretto BDN Staff

LENGTH: 801 words


ELLSWORTH, Maine -- It may have topped 80 degrees across much of Maine this
week, but community agencies are already planning for how to meet the state's
heating-fuel assistance needs this winter.


State administrators of the federal Low Income Energy Assistance Program, or
LIHEAP, say funding for the program is expected to decrease this year. That
combined with rising fuel prices, which have nearly doubled in Maine since 2004,
and a continually stagnant economy will mean an increased gap between fuel needs
and available help, the administrators say.


Maine received about $38 million in LIHEAP grants from the federal government in
the last fiscal year, according to data posted on the U.S. Department of Health
and Human Services website. With it, the state helped 58,300 people heat their
homes, with an average benefit of about $484.


That's down significantly from the $51.4 million the state received in FY 2011
and $52.3 million in FY 2010, allocations that reflected additional funds from
President Barack Obama's stimulus package.


Obama's proposed national LIHEAP budget for this fiscal year is down 13 percent,
or about $452 million, according to Deb Turcotte, spokeswoman for the Maine
State Housing Authority. It's still unknown exactly what Maine's grant
allocation will be, but Turcotte said preliminary predictions put the state
grant at about $33.5 million.


Sue Farley with the Washington Hancock Community Agency -- one of the nine
groups contracted by Maine State Housing Authority to administer LIHEAP funds --
says increased heating costs have left some people scrambling.


"Over the course of the last three or four years, even if they got the same
dollar amount for a benefit, they've actually gotten less fuel," she said. Last
year, her agency helped 6,000 households in the two county area, with an average
benefit of about $536.


Cuts in funding the LIHEAP administering agencies also mean changes this year in
how applicants will begin the process of receiving benefits, Farley said. In the
past, needy households in Washington and Hancock counties have received letters
from WHCA with appointment dates for applying. This year, families will need to
call the agency to set up an appointment.


Farley is urging anyone who's received assistance in the past to call their
local agency to set up appointments.


"We don't want anybody sitting at home thinking they've got a letter coming,"
she said.


Heating oil prices in Down East Maine averaged $3.49 per gallon as of Aug. 3,
according to maineoil.com. The price hasn't dropped this summer as much as it
usually does, Farley said, leading her to believe prices will continue to climb
as the cold months set in.


At Aroostook County Action Program, Senior Manager Susan Deschene said she
hasn't heard anything yet about how much funding the state will receive but
residents are already calling in asking about when the agency will begin taking
applications for LIHEAP.


But the federal voucher program is only one source of heating fuel assistance in
Maine. Municipalities also offer general assistance for households that slip
through the cracks of LIHEAP, who are either ineligible for the program or need
additional help.


Some communities are building safety nets for their safety nets, establishing
emergency funds for people who still need more help after applying for LIHEAP
and general assistance.


Last year in Scarborough, the town teamed up with and a local nonprofit agency,
Project Grace, to offer additional heating help. In Ellsworth, the city has
developed a "Fuel Discretionary Fund" for families who still need help after
exhausting their other options.


"I created that fund because I was concerned that in the winter months there are
a lot of people struggling to keep their heads above water," said Ellsworth's GA
administrator, Tina Howes. "They're working, they have children in school. Some
of these people have two or three jobs and that's why they don't qualify. Their
income is just over the threshold, and they're still unable to keep oil in the
house."


In FY 2012, Ellsworth's GA program helped 31 families heat their homes, and an
additional 3 families got help from the emergency fund. Howes said that number
is low (66 families got help in FY 2011) because of last year's mild winter. She
said she predicts the need for heating fuel assistance will continue to grow
this winter.


Ellsworth and Scarborough's programs are funded entirely by donation, as is an
emergency program established by WHCA to support families who need extra help
keeping the cold at bay.


WHCA, Ellsworth and Scarborough are always looking for additional donations to
fund their emergency fuel programs. After all, they say, last year's mild winter
could be followed up by a blizzard-ridden cold snap this year.


Follow Mario Moretto on Twitter at @riocarmine.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Bangor Daily News


                              613 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 20, 2014 Thursday

ADA Foundation recap reveals great successes in 2014

LENGTH: 1499  words

DATELINE: Chicago


American Dental Associations has issued the following  news release:

A look back can sharpen perspective and offer valuable insight. By key measures,
a recount of the last year by the ADA Foundation revealed plenty of good news.

For one, in approaching its mission to promote oral health as embodied in the
acronym CARE--or charitable assistance, access to care, research, and
education--the Foundation added two new giving programs. As well, the Foundation
delivered robust assistance through its existing programs in 2014.

Looking back a bit further to 2013--the most recent year for which full data is
available--the ADA Foundation awarded $1,371,463 in grants, scholarships, and
awards, positively impacting thousands of lives in America and even abroad.
Generous funding from corporate, institutional, industrial and individual
contributors fueled all of the Foundation's work, allowing for more than
$380,000 more in giving than in the previous year, 2012.

"Every single dollar raised goes to support programs, not administrative costs,"
said ADA Foundation Executive Director Gene Wurth.

2014 is on target, too, as two new programs have launched.

The two new programs that the Foundation added in 2014 are the Dr. David Whiston
Leadership Program, established in honor of the two-term past ADAF president who
ended his tenure this year, and the ADA Foundation Semi-annual Grant Program.

Here are details:

Dr. David Whiston Leadership Program

The ADA Foundation announced the Dr. David Whiston Leadership Program on Oct. 9
during the ADA meeting in San Antonio. The DWLP will provide at least one award
of up to $5,000 annually to young dentists who have shown the potential for
leadership in the profession and wish to develop their leadership skills. The
ADAF has already received more than $100,000 in donations for this program,
which will launch in early 2015. In addition, Henry Schein, Inc. has announced
that the company will donate $5,000 annually for at least the next five years to
create the matching award, the ADAF Henry Schein Dr. David Whiston Leadership
Award. The ADA Foundation's goal is to raise another $100,000 in order to
support even more young leaders.

ADA Foundation Semi-annual Grant Program

The ADAF also introduced the Semi-annual Grant Program in 2014, through which
the ADAF accepts grant proposals for activities not covered by other existing
grant program. The ADAF will consider proposals for programs that fall under its
Education mission pillar in early 2015 (deadline: Jan. 30), and for proposals
that fall under its Access to Care pillar next summer (application deadline:
July 31). Nineteen organizations received ADAF Semi-annual Grants in 2014.

The ADA Foundation's four mission pillars, as reflected in the acronym CARE,
are:

Charitable Assistance

Through its Relief Grant program, the ADAF provides financial assistance to
dentists and their dependents who, because of accidental injury, a medical
condition, disability or advanced age, are unable to afford basic living
expenses. The ADAF also provides Emergency Disaster Grants to eligible dentists
for items such as food, bottled water, clothing, blankets, medicines and medical
supplies, emergency shelter, and toiletries, in the case of a declared emergency
.

Access to Care

The ADAF supports access to care initiatives through a variety of programs.

"An ounce of prevention is truly worth a pound of cure," said Dr. Reneida Reyes,
President, ADA Foundation. "The ADA Foundation has a strong commitment to
improving access to care, especially for children. Every single dollar that we
put to use toward early intervention, education, and early risk assessment saves
many dollars in terms of catastrophic care. Investing in wellness is critically
important to our mission."

Two ADAF programs provide funding for volunteer dental school student community
outreach programs, through which students work with their university mentors to
provide care to people in need: the E. "Bud" Tarrson Dental School Student
Community Leadership Award, which provides an annual grant of $5,000 to one
exemplary student volunteer community service project domestically; and the Dr.
Thomas J. Zwemer Award, which provides an annual grant of $5,000 to one
volunteer dental student program addressing oral health needs of underserved
communities outside of the United States.

ADA Business Resources will provide a generous $25,000 donation to support even
more dental student outreach projects through the Tarrson Award program. Similar
funding in 2013 allowed the ADA Foundation to present six Tarrson Awards to the
following: Harvard School of Dental Medicine for its ACTION program; Indiana
University School of Dentistry for its Student Outreach Clinic; University of
California at Los Angeles School of Dentistry for its UCLA ASDA Los Angeles
Community Clinics; University of Michigan School of Dentistry for its Wolverine
Patriot Project; University of Mississippi Medical Center-School of Dentistry
for its Jackson Free Clinic; and University of Nevada, Las Vegas School of
Dental Medicine for the Huntridge Clinics.

The winner of the 2014 Zwemer Award is the University of North Carolina School
of Dentistry for its Malawi Dental Project.

In addition, the ADA Foundation provides fundraising support to Give Kids A
Smile, the ADA's premier access to care program.

Research

The ADA Foundation Dr. Anthony Volpe Research Center has also made great
strides. VRC scientists are continuing research on a new, improved, and durable
resin-based composite filling material. This research effort is funded by a U01
grant from the National Institute of Dental and Craniofacial Research; the goal
is to develop a resin system that is biocompatible and will not degrade in the
presence of salivary enzymes and water, along with a complementary adhesive
system. This project is planned to continue for the next three years.

VRC scientists also are steadily pursuing research projects in point-of-care
technologies seeking to determine risk assessment for dry-socket and early
childhood caries. Other projects include tissue regeneration to address bone
loss in periodontal disease with multi-layered scaffolds as well as pulpal
regeneration in affected teeth. Medication-induced xerostomia is an on-going
research project with NIDCR scientists. VRC scientists also are working on
biofilms and their relationship to restorative dental materials and the
development of in vitro biological platforms to assess the biocompatibility of
innovative dental materials.

Additionally, the ADA Foundation's annual Colgate Dental Students' Conference on
Research brought dental students from more than 50 dental schools in the U.S.
and Canada to the VRC, as it does annually, to raise awareness of the
wide-ranging careers available in oral health research.  And, the Foundation
again served as a Special Award Organization sponsor for Intel International
Science and Engineering Fair. Three high school students won a total of $3,500
for their science projects with an oral health focus.

Education

Through the Dental Student Scholarship Program and Underrepresented Minority
Dental Student Scholarship Program, including the Dr. Robert B. Dewhirst
Scholarships, and the Robert J. Sullivan Scholarships, the ADA Foundation helps
academically gifted predoctoral dental students defray a part of their
professional education expenses. The Underrepresented Minority Dental Student
Scholarship Program targets African-American, Hispanic and American
Indian/Alaska Native dental students. Each year, the ADA Foundation awards
approximately 54 scholarships valued at up to $2,500 each, providing up to
$135,000 in total funding.

In 2014 the ADAF awarded 25 grants for a total of more than $115,000 to
organizations engaged in the battle to end early childhood caries through the
Samuel D. Harris Fund for Children's Dental Health, created in 1999 through a
permanent endowment established through a generous gift by Dr. Samuel D. Harris,
a distinguished pediatric dentist and philanthropist.

As it does annually, in 2014 the Foundation again offered financial support
through the Allied Dental Student Scholarship Program to help dental assisting,
dental hygiene, and dental laboratory technology students defray a part of their
professional educational expenses. Each year, the ADA Foundation awards
approximately 30 scholarships valued at up to $1,000 each, with up to $30,000
total funding: Dental Hygiene Student Scholarships, 15 awards; Dental Assisting
Student Scholarships, 10 awards; and Dental Laboratory Technology Student
Scholarships, five awards.

In 2014, through a gift from Young Dental Inc., the ADAF also awarded two Young
Dental Hygiene Scholarships valued at $2,500 each. The winners were selected
from among the pool of dental hygiene applicants with a focus on exceptional
outreach activities, volunteerism, and leadership qualities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              614 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            August 23, 2012 Thursday

Fears setting in over lack of money for heating assistance this winter

BYLINE: Mario Moretto BDN Staff

LENGTH: 810 words


ELLSWORTH, Maine -- It may have topped 80 degrees across much of Maine this
week, but community agencies are already planning for how to meet the state's
heating-fuel assistance needs this winter.


State administrators of the federal Low Income Energy Assistance Program, or
LIHEAP, say funding for the program is expected to decrease this year. That
combined with rising fuel prices, which have nearly doubled in Maine since 2004,
and a continually stagnant economy will mean an increased gap between fuel needs
and available help, the administrators say.


Maine received about $38 million in LIHEAP grants from the federal government in
the last fiscal year, according to data posted on the U.S. Department of Health
and Human Services website. With it, the Maine State Housing Authority and its
partners helped 58,300 people heat their homes, with an average benefit of about
$484.


That's down significantly from the $51.4 million the state received in fiscal
year 2011 and $52.3 million in fiscal year 2010, allocations that reflected
additional funds from President Barack Obama's stimulus package.


Obama's proposed national LIHEAP budget for this fiscal year is down 13 percent,
or about $452 million, according to Deb Turcotte, spokeswoman for the MSHA. It's
still unknown exactly what Maine's grant allocation will be, but Turcotte said
preliminary predictions put the state grant at about $33.5 million.


Sue Farley with the Washington Hancock Community Agency -- one of the nine
groups contracted by Maine State Housing Authority to administer LIHEAP funds --
says increased heating costs have left some people scrambling.


"Over the course of the last three or four years, even if they got the same
dollar amount for a benefit, they've actually gotten less fuel," she said. Last
year, her agency helped 6,000 households in the two county area, with an average
benefit of about $536.


Cuts in funding the LIHEAP administering agencies also mean changes this year in
how applicants will begin the process of receiving benefits, Farley said. In the
past, needy households in Washington and Hancock counties have received letters
from WHCA with appointment dates for applying. This year, families will need to
call the agency to set up an appointment.


Farley is urging anyone who has received assistance in the past to call their
local agency to set up appointments.


"We don't want anybody sitting at home thinking they've got a letter coming,"
she said.


Heating oil prices in Down East Maine averaged $3.49 per gallon as of Aug. 3,
according to maineoil.com. The price hasn't dropped this summer as much as it
usually does, Farley said, leading her to believe prices will continue to climb
as the cold months set in.


At Aroostook County Action Program, senior manager Susan Deschene said she
hasn't heard anything yet about how much funding the state will receive but
residents are already calling in asking about when the agency will begin taking
applications for LIHEAP.


But the federal voucher program is only one source of heating fuel assistance in
Maine. Municipalities also offer general assistance for households that slip
through the cracks of LIHEAP, who are either ineligible for the program or need
additional help.


Some communities are building safety nets for their safety nets, establishing
emergency funds for people who still need more help after applying for LIHEAP
and general assistance.


Last year in Scarborough, the town teamed up with a local nonprofit agency,
Project Grace, to offer additional heating help. In Ellsworth, the city has
developed a "Fuel Discretionary Fund" for families who still need help after
exhausting their other options.


"I created that fund because I was concerned that in the winter months there are
a lot of people struggling to keep their heads above water," said Ellsworth's GA
administrator, Tina Howes. "They're working, they have children in school. Some
of these people have two or three jobs and that's why they don't qualify. Their
income is just over the threshold, and they're still unable to keep oil in the
house."


In fiscal year 2012, Ellsworth's GA program helped 31 families heat their homes,
and an additional three families got help from the emergency fund. Howes said
that number is low (66 families got help in fiscal year 2011) because of last
year's mild winter. She said she predicts the need for heating fuel assistance
will continue to grow this winter.


Ellsworth and Scarborough's programs are funded entirely by donation, as is an
emergency program established by WHCA to support families who need extra help
keeping the cold at bay.


WHCA, Ellsworth and Scarborough always are looking for additional donations to
fund their emergency fuel programs. After all, they say, last year's mild winter
could be followed up by a blizzard-ridden cold snap this year.


Follow Mario Moretto on Twitter at @riocarmine.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Bangor Daily News


                              615 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                  Lassen County Times (Susanville, California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 21, 2015

Governor Brown signs $1 billion drought package

BYLINE: Lassen County Times staff

LENGTH: 562  words


Moving swiftly to help communities cope with California's devastating drought
and the ongoing effects of climate change, Governor Edmund G. Brown Jr. recently
signed emergency legislation -- AB 91 and AB 92 -- that fast-tracks more than $1
billion in funding for drought relief and critical water infrastructure
projects.

"This funding is just one piece of a much larger effort to help those most
impacted by the drought and prepare the state for an uncertain future," said
Brown. "But make no mistake, from Modoc to Imperial County, rain is not in the
forecast and every Californian must be doing their utmost to conserve water."

Brown joined Assembly Speaker Toni Atkins, Senate President pro Tempore Kevin de
Leon and Republican leaders Assembly member Kristin Olsen and Senator Bob Huff
last week to announce agreement on the $1 billion legislation, which accelerates
emergency food aid, drinking water, water recycling, conservation awareness,
water system modeling, species tracking, infrastructure and flood protection
funding. For full text of the bills, visit leginfo.legislature.ca.gov this
announcement builds on unprecedented action from the State Water Resources
Control Board during the past year to prohibit wasteful water use and encourage
Californians to conserve.

These emergency regulations the most stringent statewide measures in
California's history include strict limits on outdoor irrigation (two days a
week in much of California), bans on hosing down outdoor surfaces, decorative
water fountains that don't re circulate water and car washing without an
automatic shut-off nozzle, and requirements that bars and restaurants only serve
water upon request and hotels ask guests staying multiple nights whether linens
and towels need to be washed.

The governor has also taken critical steps to prepare the state for prolonged
droughts, leading the campaign to pass Proposition 1, California's $7.5 billion
water bond, which won bipartisan approval in the Legislature and was approved
overwhelmingly at the polls. The funds represent the most significant statewide
investment in water supply infrastructure projects in decades -- a package that
includes surface and groundwater storage, ecosystem and watershed protection and
restoration and drinking water protection. Additionally, for the first time in
California's history, Brown signed legislation creating a framework for local,
sustainable management of groundwater, which accounts for about one-third of
California's water supply During the past two years, state and federal water
regulators have also limited water allocations from the State Water Project and
Central Valley Project for agricultural users to historically low levels between
zero and 20 percent of contracted amounts and junior water rights have also been
drastically curtailed. As growers grapple with these historically dry
conditions, the California Department of Food and Agriculture has provided $10
million in grants to help implement more than 150 water conservation projects
that will help save hundreds of thousands of acre-feet of water statewide.

An additional $10 million is expedited in this legislation to continue this
program.

In addition to this funding, the state has committed more than $870 million in
drought relief since last year to assist drought-affected communities and
provide funding to better use local water.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LAS

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2015 Lassen County Times


                              616 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 28, 2016 Friday

Washington: Wicker, Cochran: Miss. Projects Gain $3.38 Million Boost from Delta
Regional Authority

LENGTH: 767 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Roger F. Wicker has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators Roger Wicker, R-Miss., and Thad Cochran, R-Miss., today announced
$3.38 million in new Delta Regional Authority (DRA) grants to Mississippi to
support projects ranging from levee construction and water system improvements
to an Amtrak platform and job training.





 The $3.38 million in federal funding is being awarded to eight infrastructure
and community development projects in Clarksdale, Duncan, Itta Bena, Leland,
Marks, Natchez, Webb and Yazoo City. Combined with nonfederal contributions,
more than $7.2 million will be invested in the projects.



 "Many of Mississippi's communities will benefit from these investments to help
improve infrastructure and encourage job creation," Wicker said. "This Delta
Regional Authority-directed funding makes good use of taxpayer funds to support
local projects and increase the well-being of residents. These announcements are
great news for the entire state."



 "This Delta Regional Authority funding will support immediate and long-term
projects that can make a difference in the lives of Mississippians. Combined
with other nonfederal and private contributions, these projects can help improve
the quality of life and economic outlook for many people," Cochran said. "I am
pleased the Delta Regional Authority is putting this funding to good use."



 DRA awarded grants to the following Community Infrastructure Fund (CIF)
projects:



     Adams County - $2,325,500 available in DRA and nonfederal funding to
support Phase I construction of the Bellwood Levee, which would be designed to
make 100 acres of county-owned property at the Port of Natchez-Adams County
suitable for industrial use. (DRA grant - $1,266,500; nonfederal funding -
$1,059,000)

     City of Leland - $1,132,859 in DRA and nonfederal funding to support
installation of a new water well, an elevated water tank and distribution system
improvements. (DRA grant - $900,000; nonfederal funding - $1,059,000)



 DRA approved the following States' Economic Development Assistance Program
(SEDAP) grants to support community-based and regional projects:



     Delta Blues Museum, Clarksdale - $1,668,903 in DRA and nonfederal funding
to support the fabrication and construction of new permanent exhibits at the
museum. (DRA grant - $168,903; nonfederal funding - $1,500,000)

     Truelight Development Group, Inc., Yazoo City - $337,300 in DRA funding to
support the nonprofit organization's two-phase project to drill a new water
well, connect water systems, and extend service to 40 unserved households.

     City of Itta Bena - $255,200 in DRA funding to support wastewater system
improvements involving the installation of 25 aerators in existing lagoons to
meet environmental limits.

     Save the Children, Duncan - $250,000 in DRA and nonfederal funding to
support the Mississippi Readers-to-Leaders project to provide training,
technical assistance and resources for education paraprofessionals in rural
Mississippi. (DRA grant - $100,000; nonfederal funding - $150,000)

     City of Webb - $53,788 in DRA funding to support emergency repairs and
rehabilitation of the community's Well 2, which is in poor condition and lacks
adequate chlorination equipment.



 With a $300,000 combined SEDAP-CIF grant, $1,200,000 is available to support a
Quitman County project to install a platform, pavilion and paved area for the
permanent Amtrak stop in Marks. This project is supported with $900,000 in
nonfederal funding.



 The grants, which were made public in events at the Mississippi Valley State
University and in Natchez on Wednesday, represent the final round of FY2016 DRA
funding allocated to Mississippi. In August, the DRA issued eight grants to
Mississippi worth more than $3.28 million, which when combined with nonfederal
contributions, will result in more than a $14.8 million investment in eight
Mississippi communities.



 In all, DRA has directed more than $6.6 million to Mississippi in FY2016.



 Congress last year appropriated $25 million for the DRA, of which $10 million
was set aside specifically for basic public infrastructure for underserved
communities. As chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, Cochran worked
last year to secure the $10 million increase as part of the FY2016 Energy and
Water Development Appropriations Bill. The FY2016 DRA appropriation is the
highest level of funding ever approved since the DRA was authorized by Congress
in 2000.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              617 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 28, 2016 Friday

Washington: Wicker, Cochran: Miss. Projects Gain $3.38 Million Boost from Delta
Regional Authority

LENGTH: 767 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Roger F. Wicker has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators Roger Wicker, R-Miss., and Thad Cochran, R-Miss., today announced
$3.38 million in new Delta Regional Authority (DRA) grants to Mississippi to
support projects ranging from levee construction and water system improvements
to an Amtrak platform and job training.





 The $3.38 million in federal funding is being awarded to eight infrastructure
and community development projects in Clarksdale, Duncan, Itta Bena, Leland,
Marks, Natchez, Webb and Yazoo City. Combined with nonfederal contributions,
more than $7.2 million will be invested in the projects.



 "Many of Mississippi's communities will benefit from these investments to help
improve infrastructure and encourage job creation," Wicker said. "This Delta
Regional Authority-directed funding makes good use of taxpayer funds to support
local projects and increase the well-being of residents. These announcements are
great news for the entire state."



 "This Delta Regional Authority funding will support immediate and long-term
projects that can make a difference in the lives of Mississippians. Combined
with other nonfederal and private contributions, these projects can help improve
the quality of life and economic outlook for many people," Cochran said. "I am
pleased the Delta Regional Authority is putting this funding to good use."



 DRA awarded grants to the following Community Infrastructure Fund (CIF)
projects:



     Adams County - $2,325,500 available in DRA and nonfederal funding to
support Phase I construction of the Bellwood Levee, which would be designed to
make 100 acres of county-owned property at the Port of Natchez-Adams County
suitable for industrial use. (DRA grant - $1,266,500; nonfederal funding -
$1,059,000)

     City of Leland - $1,132,859 in DRA and nonfederal funding to support
installation of a new water well, an elevated water tank and distribution system
improvements. (DRA grant - $900,000; nonfederal funding - $1,059,000)



 DRA approved the following States' Economic Development Assistance Program
(SEDAP) grants to support community-based and regional projects:



     Delta Blues Museum, Clarksdale - $1,668,903 in DRA and nonfederal funding
to support the fabrication and construction of new permanent exhibits at the
museum. (DRA grant - $168,903; nonfederal funding - $1,500,000)

     Truelight Development Group, Inc., Yazoo City - $337,300 in DRA funding to
support the nonprofit organization's two-phase project to drill a new water
well, connect water systems, and extend service to 40 unserved households.

     City of Itta Bena - $255,200 in DRA funding to support wastewater system
improvements involving the installation of 25 aerators in existing lagoons to
meet environmental limits.

     Save the Children, Duncan - $250,000 in DRA and nonfederal funding to
support the Mississippi Readers-to-Leaders project to provide training,
technical assistance and resources for education paraprofessionals in rural
Mississippi. (DRA grant - $100,000; nonfederal funding - $150,000)

     City of Webb - $53,788 in DRA funding to support emergency repairs and
rehabilitation of the community's Well 2, which is in poor condition and lacks
adequate chlorination equipment.



 With a $300,000 combined SEDAP-CIF grant, $1,200,000 is available to support a
Quitman County project to install a platform, pavilion and paved area for the
permanent Amtrak stop in Marks. This project is supported with $900,000 in
nonfederal funding.



 The grants, which were made public in events at the Mississippi Valley State
University and in Natchez on Wednesday, represent the final round of FY2016 DRA
funding allocated to Mississippi. In August, the DRA issued eight grants to
Mississippi worth more than $3.28 million, which when combined with nonfederal
contributions, will result in more than a $14.8 million investment in eight
Mississippi communities.



 In all, DRA has directed more than $6.6 million to Mississippi in FY2016.



 Congress last year appropriated $25 million for the DRA, of which $10 million
was set aside specifically for basic public infrastructure for underserved
communities. As chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, Cochran worked
last year to secure the $10 million increase as part of the FY2016 Energy and
Water Development Appropriations Bill. The FY2016 DRA appropriation is the
highest level of funding ever approved since the DRA was authorized by Congress
in 2000.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              618 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Sunday News (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                             March 22, 2009 Sunday

More Aid For Families;
Foundation Launches New Initiative, Funnels Money To Local Programs. People In
The Bubble

BYLINE: Jon Rutter

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 783  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


jrutter@lnpnews.com

People who had never been homeless are now struggling to keep a roof over their
heads.

People who had never walked into a food bank are scanning the shelves for basic
necessities.

Lancaster charities say a spike in emergency food and shelter requests is
threatening to overwhelm them.

Now, the Lancaster County Community Foundation is easing the burden with a new
$500,000 Family Aid initiative.

Half the money will be distributed to nonprofits through a competitive grant
program that kicks off this spring.

In the meantime, said President and Chief Executive Samuel J. Bressi, the
foundation will partner with four local agencies to immediately channel $250,000
into the hands of families who have been suddenly impacted by wage or job loss.

The Community Action Program's rental assistance program and the Water Street
Rescue Mission's temporary family shelter will get $100,000 each, according to
Bressi.

The rest of the money will be split between Tabor Community Services, which will
establish a microloan program to help cash-strapped renters avoid eviction, and
the Lancaster County Council of Churches, which will extend the hours for its
clothing and food bank.

The short-term, targeted aid initiative is a big departure for the foundation,
which is known for its funding of arts projects and other long-range community
-betterment endeavors.

But the situation is unprecedented, the need for Family Aid compelling.

"It's a stopgap measure," Bressi cautioned. "We don't have the resources,
necessarily, to fix the problem."

Nor does anyone know how big the problem will get, said Phil Wenger, president
of the foundation board.

"We have some money set aside so if this gets worse we will come back and add to
this money," Wenger said.

The picture has rapidly grown grim.

The number of Water Street Rescue Mission residents reporting first-time
homelessness rose 20 percent - more than 140 people - from 2007 to 2008,
spokeswoman Maria Schaczenberger said.

Tabor Community Services has taken on 25 new rental counseling clients in the
past six months, said President Bob Thomas. Seven hundred inquiries have come
in.

In recent months, said Scott Fischer, executive director of the Lancaster County
Council of Churches, local social service agencies have seen cries for help
increase 15 to 30 percent.

"There are a lot of people that are right on the edge that are working full
time," Fischer said.

Family Aid is tailored to a new at-risk demographic that had been
self-sufficient until the economy shrank, said Shanon Solava-Reid, the
foundation's vice president of programs.

The aid money is focused on those "people in the bubble," not the chronic
homeless, Wenger said.

The 85-year-old foundation studied a year of data from eight nonprofits before
launching the initiative.

The board voted on the measure Wednesday.

"This is a pretty dramatic change for us," Wenger said. "But we felt the need in
the community was so substantial at this point that we couldn't shut our eyes."

The new program represents about a quarter of the $1.9 million in scholarships
and donor-designated funding the foundation plans to allocate this year.

It also makes up nearly half the organization's discretionary money, according
to Wenger.

"It's basically grants that we would have given to nonprofits" to support
strategic planning missions, he said.

Well-diversified investments and generous donors are enabling the foundation to
offer Family Aid, according to Bressi, who said the organization's portfolio was
down about 23 percent at the end of last year.

The foundation will continue to meet its arts funding commitments, Bressi added.
"We can't throw out our long-range plans."

Still, human pain is drawing much of the attention now.

Family Aid money promises to be an important supplement to government aid, said
Lancaster Mayor Rick Gray. "It sounds like a good idea."

Thomas said funding for the microloan program will reap benefits for Tabor
clients for years because awardees will be asked to eventually pay back the
money.

"We're thrilled to be getting this kind of assistance," Thomas added.

At the Council of Churches food and clothing bank, 344 N. Marshall St., Fischer
said, "We're going to roll out some extended evening hours" beginning in May and
explore other ways to increase people's access to welfare programs.

Proposals for phase two of Family Aid will be accepted until May 6, Bressi said.
Money will be given out in late summer and fall.

The foundation and its partners will track the impact of the program and
continue to monitor residents' needs, Bressi said.

"I'm really proud that this organization has the capacity, the will and the
ability to turn on a dime.

"This is the best way we know to help."

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              619 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            August 01, 1999, Sunday

It's time to part waters for flooded residents

BYLINE: (editorial)

SECTION: CITRUS TIMES; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 435 words



There can be little doubt that when some residents of Arrowhead accepted the
state Department of Community Affairs' offer to buy their homes, which had been
ravaged by the winter 1998 El Nino rains, they did so only after considerable
thought and with reluctance.

Of the 15 families that expressed interest initially, only three or four remain
committed to their decision. However, it appears the DCA does not share that
commitment. More than a year later, those families are still waiting for the DCA
to live up to its agreement to buy them out, at preflood value, with money
appropriated from the Small Cities Development Block Grant program.

The delay is inexcusable, and the elected officials who represent the families
should intervene to cut the red tape that apparently is restraining the DCA from
holding up its end of the bargain.

As is often the case with government agencies, there is an abundance of
finger-pointing going on. Citrus County government officials blame the DCA for
dragging its feet by changing the requirements for grant eligibility since the
initial offer. Those county officials also add that the DCA may be fighting
similar shifts in rules set down by the Federal Emergency Management Agency,
which has its own set of regulations to govern such transactions because the
Withlacoochee River area homes lie within a flood plain.

It's time to stop pointing fingers and extend a hand to these anxious and weary
homeowners.

Gary Maidhoff, Citrus County Development Services Department director,
crystalized the problem when he recently told a Times reporter: "This is not how
an assistance program should be run. An assistance program should be a fairly
simplistic approach and bring assistance as quickly as possible because the
people you're trying to serve are people in need."

Indeed.

It is time for state Rep. Nancy Argenziano, R-Dunnellon, who so admirably
intervened for Arrowhead residents with emergency assistance during last year's
flooding, to set her sights on the DCA's lethargy. State Sen. Anna Cowin,
R-Leesburg, also should take this opportunity to do what she can for her Citrus
County constituents by seeking to expedite the grant.

And if FEMA has become an obstacle in the DCA's efforts to conclude this
contract, then 5th District Congresswoman Karen Thurman, D-Dunnellon, should
maintain her exemplary record of constituent service by lighting a fire under
that federal agency.

Arrowhead residents who anguished over the decision to leave their homes and
begin anew have waited long enough for the government they trusted to keep its
word.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITRUS TIMES

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                              620 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Northern Territory News (Australia)

                             January 2, 2012 Monday
                                  1 - Edition

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 288 words


MINE HITS PAYDIRT

A TERRITORY miner experienced a jump in the stock market after dodging serious
damage in the wake of Cyclone Grant.

Energy Resources of Australia stock rose 9.2 per cent, bucking the fall in the
broader market, after its Ranger mine in the Northern Territory sustained only
minimal damage from Cyclone Grant.

ERA said operations had restarted on Monday evening, after they had been
suspended the previous night

FLOODWATER ALERT

WATCH out for snakes, spiders, crocodiles, contaminated water and food, skin
infections and hidden floating objects during and after the floods, the Health
Department has warned.

NT Chief Health Officer Dr Barbara Paterson said not to drink runoff river
water, wear solid shoes if you have to enter water, and stay away from drains,
culverts and water higher than knee-deep, which could be checked with a stick

DAMAGE FUNDING

INFRASTRUCTURE damaged and communities affected by Cyclone Grant will receive
federal funding to rebuild.

Funding will be made available for personal hardship and distress, counter
disaster operations for the clean-up, protection of communities and public
assets, and restoration of essential public assets such as roads and bridges
damaged by flooding.

Chief Minister Paul Henderson and Federal Emergency Management Minister Robert
McClelland made the announcement. .

Contact 8999 5059 for assistance details.

MASTER OF PORT

A SEMI-RETIRED harbour master from Western Australia will be in charge of Darwin
Port for the next three weeks.

Port spokeswoman Melissa Reiter said Captain Eric Atkinson was the harbour
master in Fremantle until three years ago, and now he assists Fremantle Harbour
Master Ian Gray in the role.

Darwin Harbourmaster Captain Ian Niblock is on leave.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NTN


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              621 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                            February 11, 2011 Friday

WHO TO CALL FOR HELP

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A-8

LENGTH: 434 words


Who to call for help

Residents affected by the recent gas outage may be eligible for assistance
depending on their type loss and financial status. As of yet, no central hotline
has been set up to direct those in need to the appropriate agencies. But some of
the options are listed here.

New Mexico Gas Co.: The company has set aside $1 million for claims related to
the outage. The company's spokesman said they haven't yet determined what types
of expenses will be eligible for reimbursement. To file a claim, call the
customer service number at 1-888-664-2726. Claims can also be filed online -- in
English or Spanish -- at www.nmgco.com/emergency_updates.aspx. Claim forms can
also be printed from the website and e-mailed to gasoutageclaims@nmgco.com;
faxed to 505-697-4486 or mailed to P.O. Box 97500, attention: Claims,
Albuquerque, N.M. 87199-7500. A spokeswoman from the company said more than 750
people have already filed claims.

U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development: Can help people who meet
certain income guidelines and are homeless. To apply for housing assistance
contact Anna Pell at The Life Link at 505-438-0010 ext. 73.

U.S. Department of Agriculture-Rural Development: Has a home loan and grant
program to help offset the cost of home repairs, including heating and water
systems. The program is available to very low-income residents who own and
occupy a home in need of repairs. The agencies also has resources available to
support water systems in communities of 10,000 or fewer. Communities with
populations less than 20,000 can also apply for USDA loans and grants to repair
community infrastructure damaged by the storm. For more information, contact
Terry Brunner at 505-761-4950 or via e-mail at terry.brunner@nm.usda.gov

USDA-Farm Service Agency: Has resources available to assist livestock producers
who lost livestock as a result of the storms. For more information, contact
Salomon Ramirez at 800-410-2067 or via e-mail at salomon.ramirez@nm.usda.gov

Small Business Administration: SBA can provide counseling and assistance to
small businesses affected by the storm. For more information, contact John
Woosley at 505-248-8225.

New Mexico Mortgage Finance Authority: Can provide a range of resources to
residents affected by the storm, including help for homeowners who need to
address "red tag" issues such as faulty appliances or plumbing that may have
been raised while their service was being restored. Most of these funds are
administered by local nonprofits, housing authorities and local governments. For
more information contact Joseph Montoya at 505-843-6880.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 The Santa Fe New Mexican
                              All Rights Reserved


                              622 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 2, 2014 Saturday

Arkansas Delegation Announces Funding for Arkansas Fire Departments

LENGTH: 449  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Steve Womack, U.S Government has issued
the following news release:

U.S. Senators Mark Pryor and John Boozman today joined Congressmen Tim Griffin
(AR-2) and Steve Womack (AR-3) to announce that five Arkansas fire departments
will receive nearly $700,000 from the U.S. Department of Homeland Security's
Assistance to Firefighters Grant Program (AFG) to purchase equipment, training
materials, and vehicles.

"Whether it's providing life-saving turnout gear or vehicles, this program is
critical to keeping Arkansas first responders safe on the job," Pryor said.
"I'm proud to support our first responders who do so much to keep our families
and property safe."

"These funds will provide our firefighters with the appropriate tools, resources
and training they need to protect Arkansas families and communities and be
better prepared to respond to emergencies," Boozman said.

"As our firefighters work to protect our communities, this investment in
communications technology and other needed equipment will help ensure our
firefighters are better prepared to respond when life is threatened," said
Griffin.

"These grants are welcomed news for Arkansas's brave firemen and women.  They
will provide essential training and equipment to help ensure our firefighters'
safety as they put themselves into harm's way to protect ours," Womack said.

The fire departments receiving funding are as follows:

Hensley: The Hensley Volunteer Fire Department will receive $12,357 for
communications equipment including pagers, mobile radios, headsets, portable
radios, and responder rehab equipment.

Jonesboro: The Valley View Fire Protection District will receive $100,482 for
turnout gear and breathing equipment.

Shirley: The Burnt Ridge Volunteer Fire Department will receive $223,250 for the
purchase of a tanker/tender, which is used to draft water from hydrants and
lakes.

Rudy: The Crawford County Fire District One will receive $229,197 for SCBA face
pieces with cylinders along with additional cylinders.

Van Buren: The Butterfield District 5 Volunteer Fire Department will receive
$132,052 for a manufacturer burn simulator.

The Assistance to Firefighters Program of the Federal Emergency Management
Agency is supported by the omnibus appropriations bill and provides fire
departments and Emergency Medical Services (EMS) organizations with the tools
and resources necessary to protect the health and safety of the public and
emergency response personnel.  During Fiscal Year 2013, DHS AFG Program awarded
approximately $288.8 million directly to local fire departments and EMS
organizations.

For further information please visit:  http://womack.house.gov

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              623 of 998 DOCUMENTS


              The Stanly News & Press (Albemarle, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 13, 2009 Monday

Council accepts grant

BYLINE: Tiffany Thompson, The Stanly News & Press, Albemarle, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 394 words


Jul. 13--Albemarle City Council voted Tuesday to accept a Justice Assistance
Grant after holding a public hearing.

No one spoke during the public hearing and the Council voted unanimously to
accept the grant in the amount of $16,977. The Sheriff's Office will receive
approximately $4,200 of the grant, which will be used for the purchase of
emergency equipment.

"This is a non-matching grant, so the city would not be required to contribute
funds," said City Manager Ray Allen.

Council also approved a Housing Development grant from the North Carolina
Division of Community Assistance.

The grant, which totaled $237,336, is to pay for public improvements to water,
sewer and streets that serve 48 apartments for the elderly being built by the
Wellons Foundation.

As part of the requirements for accepting this grant, Council also had to
establish those that would have the authority to sign for the grant. Council
chose the mayor, city manager, assistant city manager and city clerk.

Mayor Elbert "Whit" Whitley announced that the city has been awarded two water
and sewer infrastructure grants from the North Carolina Rural Economic
Development Center.

The city received $1 million for wastewater treatment plant improvements and
$40,000 for an inflow/infiltration study.

Also during the meeting, Council voted to appoint Gene Starnes and Richie Hearne
to the Albemarle Historic Resources Commission.

Council also accepted an agreement with the North Carolina Department of
Transportation for a Safe Routes to School sidewalk project.

A public hearing was also scheduled for Aug. 3 at 5:30 p.m. for the
consideration of a text change for the Hospital Medical District zoning limits,
as well as to rezone property at 109 Penny Street from Neighborhood Business to
Hospital Medical District.

The next city council meeting is scheduled for July 20 at 5:30 p.m.

Contact Tiffany Thompson at (704) 982-2121 ext. 24 or
snaponline24@carolina.rr.com

To see more of The Stanly News & Press or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://thesnaponline.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Stanly News & Press,
Albemarle, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090713-ZF-Council-accepts-grant-0713

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZF


                                 Copyright 2009


                              624 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      July 24, 1977, Sunday, Final Edition

Drought Aid Slated for 13 Va. Counties;
Carter Responds To July 7 Request By Gov. Godwin

BYLINE: By Janis Johnson, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; C1

LENGTH: 504 words


President Carter yesterday declared a drought emergency in 16 Virginia counties
that are parched from the worst drought to hit the state since 1930.

Carter issued the declaration at the request of Virginia Gov. Mills E. Godwin,
who had declared a state of emergency in the counties on July 7.

The declaration will provide drought-stricken dairy farmers and cattle ranchers
with federal money to buy as much as 50 per cent of the feed grain necessary to
preserve their "foundation herds" of cattle.  The assistance is designed to save
farmers from the necessity of selling off their entire herds for slaughter in
the face of mounting feed bills.

The 16 counties designated by Thomas P. Dunne, administrator of the Federal
Disaster Assistance Administration (FDAA) as being eligible for the federal aid
are Augusta, Clarke, Culpeper, Fauquier, Fluvanna, Frederick, Greene, Louisa,
Madison, Page, Prince William, Rappahannock, Rockingham, Shenandoah, Stafford
and Warren.

The hot dry skies that have scorched the state throughout the summer may mean a
loss of more than $106 million to Virginia farmers this year, according to
reports submitted to state agricultural officials.  Empty silos and fields of
stunted corn are an integral part of the landscape in the counties most affected
by the drought.  With the parched earth unable to provide the grains and hay
needed to feed their herds, farmers have been forced to buy grain from places as
far away as Idaho or to send their cattle to slaughter much earlier than
planned.

According to an FDAA spokesman, the federal assistance available under the
drought emergency legislation will enable farmers only to keep their breeder
stock - those cattle necessary to assure the continuation of the herd - alive on
a "subsistence level" diet.

The emergency funds, which will be provided from the President's Disaster Relief
Fund, will not enable farmers to fatten up cattle destined for the marketplace
or to enrich the diet of dairy cows to increase the butterfat content of their
milk.

The President's action followed a decision last week by a committee of federal
agencies to declare 56 Virginia counties and 23 cities eligible for a variety of
loan and grant programs to help deflect some of the drought's worst effects.

Under the plan put together by the Interagency Drought Emergency Coordinating
Committee, farmers in the designated areas can apply for 5 per cent loans from
the Farmers Home Administration to cover prospective crop and livestock losses.

Businessmen affected by the drought are also eligible for loans to cover their
losses, while many communities, including all of the Northern Virginia
jurisdictions, are eligible for loan and grant programs to help them increase
the water supplies in their communities.

The President's action was the 22d such declaration of a drought emergency in
the last 13 months.  At least 14 states have so far received $111 million in
federal funds to fight the drought's devastating effects during the last year.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1977 The Washington Post


                              625 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                 The Morning Bulletin (Rockhampton, Queensland)

                            February 27, 2015 Friday

SECTION: Pg. 5

LENGTH: 654  words



HIGHLIGHT: Former Rockhampton businessman Bevan Slattery has written to the PM
and Premier calling for an increase in funding aid for victims of Cyclone
Marcia. Here's what he said...


In His Own Words

with

Bevan

Slattery

I WAS born and raised in Rockhampton, and write in relation to the recent
devastation caused by Cyclone Marcia.

I acknowledge and appreciate the assistance provided by both the State and
Federal governments to the affected regions of Rockhampton, Banana, Central
Highlands, Livingstone, Gladstone and Woorabinda.

I understand that the government has made available some disaster recovery
payments and personal hardship payments to the immediately affected regions,
with various initiatives being made to assist with the clean-up and restoration
of public assets.

While I expect this assistance will go some way to aid the recovery process, I
urge you to consider providing further assistance to these communities, many of
which are still suffering sustained extended power outages.

The last category five cyclone to hit north Queensland was Tropical CycloneYasi
in 2011.

The response of both the Federal and State governments to that cyclone was
tremendous and included financial assistance to those in the affected areas in
the form of disaster recovery payments, disaster income recovery subsidies,
personal hardship and distress payments, household contents grants and special
concessional loans of up to $650,000.

In addition to this assistance, I recall that federal emergency assistance
payments were also provided to anyone who lost power for 48 hours or more as a
result of the cyclone.

Payments of $1000 per adult and $400 per child were provided to those suffering
continuous power outages longer than 48hours as a result of Cyclone Yasi, and it
is this additional assistance provided that I urge you to provide to the victims
of Cyclone Marcia.

On February 21 (the morning following Cyclone Marcia reaching landfall), Ergon
Energy recorded about 69,500 outages across the Rockhampton region and estimated
it would take up to two weeks to restore power to residents.

Furthermore, most residents in the Rockhampton region were without running water
and telecommunication services, services that would not be mostly restored for a
further 72 hours, such was the scale of the damage and hardship being suffered.

As I still have close ties to the community, I know the payments being offered
are simply not enough, nor equitable when compared to the assistance previously
offered by the Federal and State governments.

Additional financial assistance is vital for the people and broader community
who are not just trying to recover from the damage, but are trying to restock
the fridge with the absolute essentials.

I understand that those without power cannot refrigerate food, so food supplies
are limited.

They also cannot use many household items, nor can they even readily wash their
clothes.

There are additional difficulties and costs associated with obtaining fuel,
fresh water, ice and some medical services.

As Cyclone Marcia was equally as severe and destructive as Cyclone Yasi, it is
difficult to reconcile why Rockhampton, Yeppoon and surrounding areas should
suffer any inequity between the government assistance provided under Cyclone
Yasi.

I understand the current economic climate and the need to reduce spending, but I
urge you to consider providing some form of additional federal emergency
assistance payments to those who have had to endure without power and other
essential services.

I humbly ask the government to, at the very least, consider a package in which
victims of Cyclone Marcia who have gone without continuous power for 48 hours
are provided a non-means tested assistance of at least $500 per family and $200
per individual.

While this is half the assistance provided to the people of north Queensland
under Cyclone Yasi, it will go some way towards restocking fridges and providing
some basic essentials for those affected.

It also sends a powerful message the government recognises and treats its
citizens equally and compassionately.

Yours faithfully,

Bevan Slattery

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RMB


                    Copyright 2015 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              626 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            August 01, 1999, Sunday

It's time to part waters for flooded residents

SECTION: CITRUS TIMES; EDITORIAL; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 435 words



There can be little doubt that when some residents of Arrowhead accepted the
state Department of Community Affairs' offer to buy their homes, which had been
ravaged by the winter 1998 El Nino rains, they did so only after considerable
thought and with reluctance.

Of the 15 families that expressed interest initially, only three or four remain
committed to their decision. However, it appears the DCA does not share that
commitment. More than a year later, those families are still waiting for the DCA
to live up to its agreement to buy them out, at preflood value, with money
appropriated from the Small Cities Development Block Grant program.

The delay is inexcusable, and the elected officials who represent the families
should intervene to cut the red tape that apparently is restraining the DCA from
holding up its end of the bargain.

As is often the case with government agencies, there is an abundance of
finger-pointing going on. Citrus County government officials blame the DCA for
dragging its feet by changing the requirements for grant eligibility since the
initial offer. Those county officials also add that the DCA may be fighting
similar shifts in rules set down by the Federal Emergency Management Agency,
which has its own set of regulations to govern such transactions because the
Withlacoochee River area homes lie within a flood plain.

It's time to stop pointing fingers and extend a hand to these anxious and weary
homeowners.

Gary Maidhoff, Citrus County Development Services Department director,
crystalized the problem when he recently told a Times reporter: "This is not how
an assistance program should be run. An assistance program should be a fairly
simplistic approach and bring assistance as quickly as possible because the
people you're trying to serve are people in need."

Indeed.

It is time for state Rep. Nancy Argenziano, R-Dunnellon, who so admirably
intervened for Arrowhead residents with emergency assistance during last year's
flooding, to set her sights on the DCA's lethargy. State Sen. Anna Cowin,
R-Leesburg, also should take this opportunity to do what she can for her Citrus
County constituents by seeking to expedite the grant.

And if FEMA has become an obstacle in the DCA's efforts to conclude this
contract, then 5th District Congresswoman Karen Thurman, D-Dunnellon, should
maintain her exemplary record of constituent service by lighting a fire under
that federal agency.

Arrowhead residents who anguished over the decision to leave their homes and
begin anew have waited long enough for the government they trusted to keep its
word.


LOAD-DATE: August 2, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITRUS TIMES

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                              627 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                     FEBRUARY 5, 1996 Monday SFCITY EDITION
                              Correction Appended

IN WAKE OF FLOODING, RESIDENTS SEEK RELIEF< IN PA., 25,700 HAVE REGISTERED WITH
A NETWORK FOR THE UNINSURED.< FEDERAL GRANTS AND LOANS ARE AVAILABLE.

BYLINE: Alan J. Heavens, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: CITY & REGION; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 1194 words


Residents of Pennsylvania's 67 counties, declared federal disaster areas in the
aftermath of last month's flooding - and those in several New Jersey counties
that were not - are still bailing out and assessing the damage from the worst
flooding in two decades.

As claims from the damage caused by heavy rain and melting snow trickle in, one
thing is clear: Many people who might have been covered by insurance probably
weren't. The good news is that uninsured homeowners will not be left stranded by
the network of state and federal relief.

The process of getting back to normal will take a long time, according to John
Comey, spokesman for the Pennsylvania Emergency Management Agency in Harrisburg,
which is coordinating disaster-relief efforts. More than 25,700 flood victims
statewide had registered with a recovery network set up by federal and state
agencies to help people not covered by federally guaranteed flood insurance.

There are no firm figures yet on the number of Pennsylvania claims that have
been filed by those who did have federal flood insurance, a spokesman for the
Federal Emergency Management Agency in Washington said. But only 50,000
homeowners, or about 20 percent of those eligible for flood insurance in
Pennsylvania, have that insurance, according to FEMA, which administers the
program.

There was flooding in Hunterdon, Mercer and Warren Counties in New Jersey, but
FEMA officials didn't consider it severe enough to warrant a federal
declaration. State officials concluded that damage to most homes likely would be
covered by federally guaranteed flood insurance.

Flooding from "rising waters" is not covered by standard homeowners' insurance
policies, according to the Insurance Information Institute in New York. That's
why the majority of those affected in Pennsylvania must seek alternative forms
of assistance from the federal and state governments.

The principal assistance being offered to people without flood insurance is
two-tiered, Comey said. The first is to stabilize the communities affected by
the flooding, "because there are still some people living in shelters or in
homes that are considered unsafe."

To deal with the situation, there are 100 percent federally funded grants, with
no income requirements, to finance essential work such as furnace repairs that
"make the home safe, sanitary and secure," Comey said.

"The grant will be made if the repairs can be made with a couple of thousand
dollars and will allow you to live in the house without being in danger," he
said.

If that is impossible, then the federal government provides rental-assistance
grants, again with no income requirements. This allows a flood victim "to live
in an alternative setting near his home while he deals with repairs," Comey
said.

The second tier of assistance being offered to victims with no flood insurance
is in the form of loans from the Small Business Administration. Homeowners are
eligible for loans up to $200,000 for structural damage and $40,000 for
personal-property replacement, while businesses can borrow up to $1.5 million
for both.

The interest rate is either 6 percent or 8 percent. The higher rate is for large
businesses that can draw on available lines of credit elsewhere.

"It is, in essence, a second mortgage," Comey said. To receive a loan, the
homeowner or business must agree to obtain flood insurance, "so that the federal
government's investment is maintained."

If a homeowner is found ineligible for the SBA loan, he or she can apply for an
individual and family grant of $12,900. (The odd amount is because the grant is
adjusted annually for inflation from the original $10,000 first authorized in
1988.)

The grant, over and above the one available for essential repairs, can be used
to replace personal property lost in the flooding.

"These are not federal giveaway programs," Comey said. "The bulk of the damage
has to be handled through second-mortgage loans that must be repaid. The best
way to handle flooding if you live in a flood-prone area is through flood
insurance. But there is a presumption by many people that flooding is covered by
homeowners' insurance, and it is not."

Of about 2,700 municipalities in Pennsylvania, all but 186 have land masses in a
floodplain. That means residents of 2,385 communities are eligible to buy flood
insurance. But, as Comey pointed out, only 20 percent of those who can do.

That's pretty much the same percentage around the country. FEMA estimates that
as many as 11 million buildings in the United States might be at risk of
flooding, but only 2.6 million are insured for it. In the Midwest floods of
1993, for example, 90 percent of the homes damaged were not insured.

The National Flood Insurance Program offers coverage through the federal
government and 85 private insurers. To qualify, homeowners must live in one of
the 18,000 flood-prone communities nationwide that have taken steps to control
flood damage.

Rates vary depending on the structure of the house and how vulnerable it is to
flooding. The typical annual premium is $300, which provides $85,000 in
coverage.

And in case you're one of those people who waits till the last minute to do
things, there's a five-day waiting period between the time you purchase a flood
policy and when it becomes effective.

There is some concern that the flooding problem in Pennsylvania will grow worse.
Starting March 4, the state Department of Environmental Protection will allow
individuals who own land in subdivisions approved before 1991 to fill in small
wetlands for a fee ranging from $500 to $7,500.

Unlike most destroyed wetlands, no direct replacement is required, although the
permit fee goes into a wetland-replacement fund.

During intense storms, water that would have run into the filled-in wetlands
will end up in already overflowing rivers and streams, environmental experts
said.

Pennsylvania has about 400,000 acres of wetlands - marshes or swamps considered
important as habitat for plants and animals and in controlling floods and
pollution. The state had close to one million acres of wetlands 200 years ago,
and their disappearance over the years probably increased the intensity of last
month's flooding, experts said.

"If your house is on a floodplain, the mortgage company will require that you
buy flood insurance," said Barry Bornstein, a Jenkintown home inspector and
contractor. "If your house is the lowest one on the street or block, and all the
houses dump on you, then your homeowners' insurance may provide adequate
coverage, or you can file an actionable legal claim against your neighbors for
damages."

Sometimes, the elements combine and wreak havoc where no havoc has been wreaked
before. There's no way to prevent it or take the proper precautions.

"The only thing predictable about the weather," said Comey, "is its
unpredictability."

FOR MORE INFORMATION * To register for federal and Pennsylvania assistance, call
800-462-9029 daily between 8 a.m. and 7 p.m. (for the hearing- or
speech-impaired, 1-800-462-7587). For flood-insurance information, call
800-638-6620.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1996 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              628 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Weekly Times (Australia)

                          November 15, 2006 Wednesday
                                 FIRST Edition

EXCEPTIONAL CIRCUMSTANCES -- ALL YOU NEED TO KNOW

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 839  words


FARMERS and farm-related businesses in areas declared as exceptional
circumstances are eligible for a range of Federal Government assistance. They
are also eligible for State Government measures which may vary from state to
state.

EC assistance has two components -- interest rate subsidies for farm loans and
household income support.


INTEREST RATE SUBSIDY

This is financed 90 per cent by the Federal Government with a 10 per cent
contribution from the states and is available through state rural finance bodies
such as Rural Finance Corporation in Victoria.

The subsidy provides interest rate relief to farmers assessed as viable in the
long term.

It pays for half the interest payable on new and existing loans for the first
year of an EC declaration and up to 80 per cent in the second and subsequent
years up to a maximum of $100,000 in one year and up to $500,000 over five
years.

It is only available to a farm where the owner is also the farmer and who
contributes at least 75 per cent of his/her labour to the farm and earns at
least half his/her income from it.

An assets test applies but essential farm assets are excluded. The net value of
off-farm assets must not exceed $458,000, excluding bona fide superannuation and
life assurance.

Capital from livestock sales which is to be used for subsequent restocking is
also excluded.

Up to 5000 businesses which service the farm sector -- cartage or harvesting
contractors for example are also eligible for EC assistance.

They must earn more than 70 per cent of their income from farms in an EC
declared area and have fewer than 20 full-time employees.


INCOME SUPPORT

The EC relief payment is available for farm and farm-related businesses in EC
declared areas for the duration of EC declarations.

The payment is equivalent to the Newstart allowance, worth up to $760 a
fortnight for a couple.

It is also subject to an assets and income test but essential farm assets,
including farm management deposits, are excluded as are the home, superannuation
and life insurance.

Income from the forced sale of drought stock, family tax benefit and up to
$10,000 of off-farm wages are excluded from the income test.

Other federal assistance measures include:

Health care card for EC recipients which provides rebates on a range of services
such as water and energy bills.

Grants of up to $5500 for professional business and financial advice from
specialised financial advisers to help assist drought management and recovery.

Early withdrawal of farm management deposits without loss of tax benefits.

An additional $7 million to fund more rural financial counsellors.

$2 million for social and emotional counselling.

$4 million to the Country Womens Association to pass on as aid for emergency
household needs and communities holding social or information events.

Grants to help EC farmers and businesses to retain apprentices.

JobSearch allowance and training to rural workers made redundant because of the
drought.


STATE ASSISTANCE

In addition to Federal EC assistance, the states have provided extra assistance
in various forms.

Victoria:

50 per cent subsidy on council rates for farms in EC-declared areas.

$5000 rebate on water bills for irrigators receiving less than 50 per cent
allocations.

$1500 grant for farmers and business retaining apprentices.

$3000 rebate for water tank purchases for eligible customer of Grampians Wimmera
Mallee Water.

Grants to water authorities and towns for water and infrastructure projects.

Grants for mental health and welfare services, kindergarten subsidies, community
facilities and events and farm and business advice.

$1.1 million for municipal swimming pools.

NSW:

50 per cent transport subsidy for carting of household water, water and fodder
for stock, transport to and from agistment and stock for sale or slaughter
except fat stock.

Up to $2000 drought household assistance for non-EC areas.

Waiver of NSW Government charges for western division farmers.


TO APPLY

Contact Centrelink on 132 316 for a farm location/EC certificate.

Fill out separate application forms for the EC relief payment (from Centrelink)
and the interest rate subsidy (from Rural Finance Corporation in Victoria).
Forms can be downloaded from their websites.


INFORMATION BUS

A mobile drought information bus will travel through drought-affected areas over
the next five weeks.

The bus will be at Benalla today, Cobram tomorrow, Kerang on Friday and Ouyen on
Saturday (all between noon and 7pm). For details visit www.centrelink.gov.au and
click on drought assistance.

Useful sites and phone numbers

Federal Drought Assistance hotline: 132 316

www.daff.gov.au/droughtassist

www.centrelink.gov.au

www.drought.org.au (from November 20)

www.dairymovingforward.org.au

CWA in Victoria: (03) 9827 8971

Rural finance counsellors: www.rfcs.gov.au or phone 1800 686 175

Rural Finance Corporation (Victoria): www.ruralfinance.com.au (03) 5448 2600

NSW Rural Assistance Authority: 1800 678 593

NSW Department of Primary Industries: 1800 814 647

Primary Industry and Resources South Australia: 180 2020
www.service.sa.gov.au/drought.asp

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: WKT


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              629 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Oroville Mercury Register (California)

                           October 1, 2014 Wednesday

Hardship grants for Cal Water customers

BYLINE: Staff Reports

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 177 words


OROVILLE &GT;&GT; A program to help people pay their water bill if experiencing
hard times has been launched by California Water Service. Customers can apply
for a hardship grant of up to $200 to help pay their utility bill, once per year
per customer.

The program is funded by Cal Water shareholders, who contributed $100,000 in
2014.

Cal Water has partnered with local community-based organizations for the
application process.

Eligibility includes income levels that mirror the company's low-income
ratepayer assistance program.

People facing hardship such as the loss of a job or medical emergencies, but who
do not meet the income guidelines, might receive help on a case-by-case basis.

The program is limited to residential customers at risk of having service
disconnected, or who have already had service shut off. The balance on the bill
must be at least $100 and the customer must have paid at least $75 in the past
three months.

To apply, customers can visit the Hope Center in Oroville and the Salvation Army
in Chico. Staff will help fill out the paperwork.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 Oroville Mercury Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              630 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Mississippi Business Journal (Jackson, MS)

                            July 13, 2011 Wednesday

Some Mississippi counties eligible for federal post-flood aid

BYLINE: MBJ Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 228  words


Thirteen counties affected by historic flooding along the Mississippi and Yazoo
rivers this spring are now eligible for all categories of public assistance
reimbursement from the Federal Emergency Management Agency.

"This declaration gets the much needed financial help to our local governments,"
Gov. Haley Barbour said. "Now they can rebuild and recover what was lost in this
devastating flooding event. "

Public Assistance provides state and local governments and some private
nonprofit agencies reimbursement grants of 75 percent of the eligible costs for
the following: debris removal, emergency protective measures, repairs to roads
and bridges, repair of public-owned buildings, water control facilities,
public-utility systems, parks and recreational facilities.

The counties included in the declaration are: Adams, Bolivar, Claiborne,
Coahoma, Humphreys, Issaquena, Jefferson, Sharkey, Tunica, Warren, Washington,
Wilkinson and Yazoo.

"We have been anticipating this assistance from FEMA and have already begun the
process of working with local governments to prepare them for rebuilding their
communities with the help of the Public Assistance Program," said Mississippi
Emergency Management Agency director Mike Womack. "This type of coordinated
preparation will ensure the areas hit hard by the floods can rebuild and repair
quickly. "

Source: Governor's Office

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              631 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            April 14, 1998, Tuesday

Disaster planning program could result in state funding

BYLINE: ALISA ULFERTS

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 516 words

DATELINE: BROOKSVILLE



By developing a plan of attack before disaster strikes, Hernando County could
net up to $ 86,000 from the state.

Officials with the state Department of Community Affairs have invited  Hernando
County to participate in a statewide program for cities and counties  to
minimize the effects of natural disasters.

Each city and county that signs a contract with the state department must
develop its own program for identifying disaster-prone areas and coming up  with
ways to temper the damage to life and property from future calamities.  County
commissioners will decide today whether to sign the contract.

"The state is encouraging all 67 counties to get a handle on the problem  areas
in their counties or at least identify them," Hernando County Emergency
Management Officer David Casto said.

Rising costs of disaster recovery and gradual decreases in post-disaster
federal aid have prompted state community affairs officials to help local
communities help themselves.

In documents provided to the county, state officials said it is likely that
communities that have not done any predisaster planning could come up short
after a storm.

"Proposed amendments to (federal disaster programs) suggest that future
availability of recovery funds will be decreased for local governments that
have not done any planning to protect their communities," state officials
wrote. "Funding availability will be increased for those that have developed
mitigation plans."

According to state and county officials, the most important aspect of the  local
strategy is to pinpoint the areas most vulnerable to damage in a natural
disaster. Local governments then can tap federal or state grants to help solve
a potential problem - such as homes built in low-lying areas - before disaster
hits.

As an example of a problem that needs attention in Hernando County, Casto
pointed to Cyril Drive in the eastern part of the county. That road has spent
much time under water after this winter's floods and probably should be
elevated, Casto said.

"That could be a potential project that could be targeted," Casto said.

As part of the local mitigation strategy, Casto said, the county also would  be
looking at building ordinances and codes to see if they are acceptable, and
determining whether the county should elevate or even buy certain homes.

In exchange for developing the strategy, unincorporated Hernando County  will
receive $ 75,000, plus 10 percent of the $ 10,000 allotted to Brooksville  and
Weeki Wachee, and technical assistance from the state, resulting in about  $
86,000 countywide. The county has until August 1999 to implement its part of
the program.

If commissioners agree to work with the state, it will be the second time  this
year they've adopted a disaster policy. Last month, the county  established a
program to centralize aid for problems associated with flood  waters caused by
heavy winter rains. All requests for assistance with flood  problems now are
handled by one employee in the Department of Public Works.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: HERNANDO TIMES

                    Copyright 1998 Times Publishing Company


                              632 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 27, 2016 Thursday

Washington: COCHRAN, WICKER: MISS. PROJECTS GAIN $3.38 MILLION BOOST FROM DELTA
REGIONAL AUTHORITY

LENGTH: 770 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Thad Cochran has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators Thad Cochran (R-Miss.) and Roger Wicker (R-Miss.) today announced
$3.38 million in new Delta Regional Authority (DRA) grants to Mississippi to
support projects ranging from levee construction and water system improvements
to an Amtrak platform and job training.





 The $3.38 million in federal funding is being awarded to eight infrastructure
and community development projects in Clarksdale, Duncan, Itta Bena, Leland,
Marks, Natchez, Webb and Yazoo City.  Combined with nonfederal contributions,
more than $7.2 million will be invested in the projects.



 "This Delta Regional Authority funding will support immediate and long-term
projects that can make a difference in the lives of Mississippians.  Combined
with other nonfederal and private contributions, these projects can help improve
the quality of life and economic outlook for many people," Cochran said. "I am
pleased the Delta Regional Authority is putting this funding to good use."



 "Many of Mississippi's communities will benefit from these investments to help
improve infrastructure and encourage job creation," Wicker said.  "This Delta
Regional Authority-directed funding makes good use of taxpayer funds to support
local projects and increase the well-being of residents.  These announcements
are great news for the entire state."



 DRA awarded grants to the following Community Infrastructure Fund (CIF)
projects:

 o    Adams County - $2,325,500 available in DRA and nonfederal funding to
support Phase I construction of the Bellwood Levee, which would be designed to
make 100 acres of county-owned property at the Port of Natchez-Adams County
suitable for industrial use.  (DRA grant - $1,266,500; nonfederal funding -
$1,059,000)

 o    City of Leland - $1,132,859 in DRA and nonfederal funding to support
installation of a new water well, an elevated water tank and distribution system
improvements.  (DRA grant - $900,000; nonfederal funding - $1,059,000)



 DRA approved the following States' Economic Development Assistance Program
(SEDAP) grants to support community-based and regional projects:

 o    Delta Blues Museum, Clarksdale - $1,668,903 in DRA and nonfederal funding
to support the fabrication and construction of new permanent exhibits at the
museum.  (DRA grant - $168,903; nonfederal funding - $1,500,000)

 o    Truelight Development Group, Inc., Yazoo City - $337,300 in DRA funding to
support the nonprofit organization's two-phase project to drill a new water
well, connect water systems, and extend service to 40 unserved households.

 o    City of Itta Bena - $255,200 in DRA funding to support wastewater system
improvements involving the installation of 25 aerators in existing lagoons to
meet environmental limits.

 o    Save the Children, Duncan - $250,000 in DRA and nonfederal funding to
support the Mississippi Readers-to-Leaders project to provide training,
technical assistance and resources for education paraprofessionals in rural
Mississippi.  (DRA grant - $100,000; nonfederal funding - $150,000)

 o    City of Webb - $53,788 in DRA funding to support emergency repairs and
rehabilitation of the community's Well 2, which is in poor condition and lacks
adequate chlorination equipment.



 With a $300,000 combined SEDAP-CIF grant, $1,200,000 is available to support a
Quitman County project to install a platform, pavilion and paved area for the
permanent Amtrak stop in Marks.  This project is supported with $900,000 in
nonfederal funding.



 The grants, which were made public in events at the Mississippi Valley State
University and in Natchez on Wednesday, represent the final round of FY2016 DRA
funding allocated to Mississippi.  In August, the DRA issued eight grants to
Mississippi worth more than $3.28 million, which when combined with nonfederal
contributions, will result in more than a $14.8 million investment in eight
Mississippi communities.



 In all, DRA has directed more than $6.6 million to Mississippi in FY2016.



 Congress last year appropriated $25 million for the DRA, of which $10 million
was set aside specifically for basic public infrastructure for underserved
communities.  As chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, Cochran worked
last year to secure the $10 million increase as part of the FY2016 Energy and
Water Development Appropriations Bill.  The FY2016 DRA appropriation is the
highest level of funding ever approved since the DRA was authorized by Congress
in 2000.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              633 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily News (Jacksonville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 1, 2011 Thursday

Carteret receives federal disaster declaration

BYLINE: Jannette Pippin, The Daily News, Jacksonville, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 579 words


Sept. 01--CARTERET COUNTY -- A federal disaster declaration will help Carteret
County families with flooding and other damage to recover from Hurricane Irene,
but it will be later this week before the full extent of that damage is known.

Gov. Beverly Perdue announced Wednesday that Carteret County is one of seven
North Carolina counties that have been approved for federal disaster assistance
as a result of the damage from the hurricane.

"With the declaration, individuals who don't have insurance will be able to
apply to the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) for assistance," said
Carteret County Emergency Services Director Jo Ann Smith.

The Down East communities of Carteret felt the worst of the hurricane, which
made landfall east of Cape Lookout and caused extensive wind damage and
flooding, particularly in areas such as Cedar Island, Stacy and South River.

But a full assessment of the damage in the county isn't expected until Friday.

Carteret County Tax Administrator Carl Tilghman said the tax office has six
teams at work in the county, each with a computer tablet collecting data on
damage to property. The teams are expected to complete their work today and
after the data is assembled, a report should be ready Friday.

"The teams are on it now and in the neighborhood but it takes a while to get to
everybody," he said.

As damage assessment continues, work continues in the impacted communities to
provide food, water and needed supplies as needed.

Fire departments in the Down East communities serve as a staging area for
distributing supplies and other needs, and Marshallberg Fire Department
Assistant Chief Kristen Davis said water continued to be a big need.

"(Tuesday) we gave out 153, 24-count cases of water," she said.

She said the department has also fielded help for calls, such as family members
wanting to check on family that haven't been able to get in touch with.

"Whatever we can do, we're trying our best," Davis said.

Davis said that while their fire district has seen flooding and wind damage,
there are others further east in communities like Stacy and Cedar Island who saw
much worse.

"We're thankful because we know that further east they got it worse," she said.

Joy Branham said the Red Cross has distributed cleaning kits in the Down East
area, provided food and has had a Red Cross truck in the area.

While she didn't have numbers specific to Carteret County, she said the Red
Cross provided 17,000 meals in Eastern North Carolina on Tuesday.

As clean-up continued, many Down East residents had power back by Tuesday night
and Wednesday.

Progress Energy said as of 4 p.m. Wednesday, only 96 customers in Carteret
County were still without power and Carteret-Craven Electric Cooperative has
restored power to all customers in its service area.

However, there may be some who have damage at their home or business that has to
be repaired before they can connect back to service.

The disaster declaration covers Beaufort, Carteret, Craven, Dare, Hyde, Pamlico
and Tyrrell counties. Additional counties may be added as local, state and
federal team complete preliminary damage assessments.

The presidential declaration enables FEMA to provide low-interest loans or
grants to hurricane survivors to help them repair their homes, pay medical
costs, rebuild businesses and begin the recovery process.

___ (c)2011 The Daily News (Jacksonville, N.C.) Visit The Daily News
(Jacksonville, N.C.) at www.jdnews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110901-JN-Carteret-receives-federal-disaster-declaration-0901-20110901

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JN


                         Copyright 2011 The Daily News


                              634 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             April 22, 2003 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

Save the trees - and the Nebraska Forest Service

BYLINE: JOHN ROSENOW, For the Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: B; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 771 words


In proposing the first Arbor Day in 1872, J. Sterling Morton knew how important
trees are to Nebraska. As a businessman and town-builder, as well as a farmer,
Morton promoted tree planting in part as an economic development strategy for
our young state.

Morton knew that if people are to live comfortable lives in our variable
climate, the moderating and civilizing effect of trees could be decisive.

Then, as now, people had many choices where they can make their homes and build
their businesses.

Then, as now, trees helped beautify our communities, cool our towns and homes in
the summer, slow cold winter winds, reduce energy costs, bring songbirds close
by, conserve topsoil and protect the quality of our rivers and streams.  Trees
significantly improve the quality of life ... and where people will choose to
make their lives.

The extremes of our weather still exist, and today, as in Morton's time, trees
make all the difference.

In our mobile economy where businesses and jobs can move swiftly, quality of
life considerations are more important than ever in influencing the flow of
jobs. Tree planting and care, more than ever, should be regarded as part of an
effective economic development strategy in Nebraska, as well as just being the
right thing for our residents and for the environment.

Despite our great tradition of tree planting, the state's primary tree-care
delivery agency, the Nebraska Forest Service, is on the chopping block.

Each of the 50 states has a state forester and a state forestry agency. The
state foresters carry out a number of state agency functions, provide technical
assistance to communities and landowners, conduct extensive educational programs
in community tree care for thousands of Nebraskans each year and administer
federal funds that support community tree care, woodland management and rural
fire protection.

Of course it would be a national embarrassment for the home of Arbor Day to be
the only state without a state forestry agency.

But more importantly, the loss would be a very bad thing for the people of
Nebraska and for our future. Without a state forestry agency, this is what
Nebraska would be missing:

* We would be without $2 million in federal funds annually coming to Nebraska
for our communities, landowners and rural fire departments.

* We would be without vital community and rural forestry technical assistance
for the state's towns, cities and rural residents. Local volunteer boards,
professional city foresters and all Nebraskans benefit immeasurably from
healthier community forests and woodlands.

* We would be without the administration of the Tree City USA program, which is
made possible in each state by the state forester, and which engages more than
110 towns and cities in Nebraska.

* 364 fire trucks on loan in 77 counties would be recalled, and other
wildfire-suppression grants and programs would be eliminated. (During a
drought!)

* Technical assistance and grants for tree planting, forest management and water
-quality protection would no longer be available to landowners.

* Tree-care training for thousands of arborists, master gardeners, extension
educators, and federal and state agency personnel would come to an end.

* Numerous other services to the people, organizations and communities of
Nebraska, so valuable in caring for our trees, would cease.

As residents, it's all too easy to take for granted the technical expertise that
is available in a government agency until there is an emergency. For example,
few pay attention to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  until
there's an outbreak of a dangerous disease.  The professionals of the Nebraska
Forest Service are quietly carrying out their essential work every day - even
though most of us may only be aware of them during a devastating ice or
snowstorm, like the one in October 1997 that damaged countless trees in eastern
Nebraska, or when wildfires strike, or in the face of threats like Dutch elm
disease.  Having the professional team in place absolutely saves the day when
there is a crisis that threatens our trees.

Although it is administratively located at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln,
the Nebraska Forest Service in practice serves the function of a state agency,
delivering vital services for the people of Nebraska. It is reasonable that,
during these difficult economic times, the Nebraska Forest Service be expected
to live with the kind of budget reductions other state agencies face.

It is not reasonable, in my view, to eliminate the Nebraska Forest Service, as
has been proposed.

John Rosenow of Lincoln is president of The National Arbor Day Foundation.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2003 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              635 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 10, 2016 Thursday

Denison will use CDBG funds for infrastructure rehab

LENGTH: 609  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: American Planning Association  has issued the following news
release:



  As a part of efforts to find new funding sources for infrastructure and road
repairs, the Denison City Council approved a series of updates for its Community
Development Block Grant program that will move some of the funds to road
repairs. Historically, the city has used the program to assist residents with
rehab projects and emergency repairs.





 Through the CDBG program, the city of Denison receives funding from the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development for improvements in low- to
moderate-income neighborhoods. Currently, HUD provides about $310,000 annually
to the city for improvements and upgrades.



 "This is a great way to jump start our road projects along with our overlay
work," Denison Mayor Jared Johnson said Monday, referring to the city's pavement
management program.



 Development Services Director Gabe Reaume the program historically has been for
things like heating and air conditioning, plumbing, foundation and roof repair.



 Under the changes, the city will stop offering assistance with rehabilitation
projects and limit funding for emergency repairs to $75,000 . City Manager Jud
Rex said through these changes, the city will be better able to utilize the
funds provided by HUD on infrastructure upgrades that benefit the entire
community. No specific projects have been named at this time.



 For its 2015 funds, Rex proposed that the majority of the budget be used for
infrastructure upgrades. In long-term planning, Rex suggested the annual funding
could be used finance a $1.5 million loan through HUD for street repairs and
related water main replacement. By taking out the loan and using the bulk funds,
Rex said the city could avoid risks of inflation, pricing changes and other
market shifts.



 "What we can do in 10 years with $300,000 is not the same as what we can do now
with $300,000 ," Rex said.



 Rex said there are some risks with the proposed plan, including paying off the
loan if the city ever loses its HUD funding, but he feels the risk is minimal.
"We feel the risk is low enough that we feel confident moving forward," he said.




 Assistance for repairs and rehab projects was limited to $5,000 , as more
extensive projects would require lead and asbestos studies and abatement which
could prove expensive for homeowners. This limited the number and scale of
project that were eligible for assistance and hindered the effectiveness of the
program.



 "The real problem is the difficulty in finding contractors for these small
jobs," Rex said, noting that some contractors would walk away from these small
projects.



 Reaume said under the current market many repairs simply cost more than the
city is able to assist with. He paid particular attention to roofing and
foundation repairs which can come at a significant cost.



 Rex said that because of this limitation the city is experiencing a backlog of
funds from HUD that could jeopardize future funding. Under HUD guidelines, a
city can only accumulate about 1.5 years worth of funding without penalties, he
said.



 By diverting these funds to other projects, including street repair and other
infrastructure projects the city can utilize these funds in a timely manner and
continue to receive funding through HUD.



 Reaume said the city is currently exploring other avenues for funding emergency
repairs for residents. Current ideas include a separate grant program through
HUD and collaboration between the city and local nonprofits and churches.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              636 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             March 19, 2013 Tuesday
                                 ONLINE EDITION

What's Up/Heads Up

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 573 words


03.22 Emergency preparedness o The deadline is Friday to register for the
American Red Cross Emergency Preparedness Academy, which will be held March 28
at the Edward Jones North Campus, Interstate 270 and Dorsett Road in Maryland
Heights. The daylong event will teach businesses and organizations ways to
improve their emergency response strategies. The program is designed for
businesses with developed continuity plans and also for groups new to
preparedness. The cost is $80 or $130, depending on Red Cross rating. To
register, visit www.redcross.org/stl and search for Emergency Preparedness
Academy 2013.

03.22 Comet viewing o The St. Charles County Parks Department will offer public
viewing events to watch Comet Panstarrs at the Astronomy Viewing Area at
Broemmelsiek Park, south of O'Fallon, Mo., beginning at dusk Friday and also on
March 29 and April 5. Members of the Astronomical Society of Eastern Missouri
will host the free public viewings through binoculars and telescopes between
7:30 and 8:15 p.m., weather permitting. Witnessing a comet with the unaided eye
is extremely rare and occurs only once every five to 10 years, experts say.
Everyone is welcome; no reservations are required. For directions, visit
www.stccparks.org, or call 636-949-7535.

03.22 Energy saving forum o The Community Action Agency of St. Louis County will
present a free forum on ways to save energy and cut utility costs from 10 a.m.-1
p.m. Saturday at the Third Presbyterian Church, 9990 Highway 367 in Moline
Acres. Those attending will learn how to save money on gas, electric, water and
sewer bills. Information on the cold weather rule, how to apply for energy
assistance and for weatherization assistance programs also will be given. Free
weatherization kits and refreshments will be available. 314-863-0015

To list a community event or meeting, submit it online at events.stltoday.com.

HEADS UP

Communication student scholarships o The Press Club and the Journalism
Foundation of Metropolitan St. Louis are accepting applications for
communication student scholarships. The scholarships range in value from $1,000
to $2,500. In addition, a $1,000 internship scholarship is available at the
Press Club. Students must be from the St. Louis area but can be attending
universities elsewhere. Undergraduates must be full-time students; graduate
students must carry at least six hours. The application deadline is May 3.
Scholarships include: a $2,500 Press Club Media Scholarship awarded to a junior
or senior intending to pursue a career in print, digital, online or broadcast
media; a $2,000 Nancy Miller Journalism Scholarship for a junior or senior
pursuing a career in print, magazine or digital journalism; $1,000 Summer Media
Internship Scholarships for sophomore, junior or senior communication students
interning at the Press Club; two $1,000 Press Club Media Archives Internship
Scholarships at the St. Louis Public Library for students studying library
science or communication; $1,000 Summer Media Internships for sophomores,
juniors and seniors pursuing a degree in communication and planning a summer
internship in a communication field. Also, numerous $1,000-1,500 Journalism
Foundation Scholarships are given to junior, senior or graduate students.
Application forms and information can be found at www.stlpressclub.org or by
calling 636-230-1973.

To submit items, email them to headsup@post-dispatch.com or fax them to
314-340-3050.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: CALENDAR

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              637 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             July 19, 2012 Thursday

San Jose tries to clean up homeless encampments, while also offering support to
the homeless

BYLINE: By Carol Rosen, Correspondent

SECTION: COMMUNITIES; San Jose - Valley; News

LENGTH: 861 words


Residents throughout the city, especially those living near various city
waterways, in recent years asked for help in getting rid of homeless
encampments. Some are concerned their children can't walk to school without
going through these encampments. Others worry about trash, health hazards,
fights, potential burglaries and even fires.

Recent news reports suggest that inhabitants of nearby homeless encampments may
have caused a series of four fires within 24 hours in Kelly Park. However, at
press time, the San Jose Fire Department was conducting an investigation.

"We are looking into every fire individually and gathering information to make a
determination about what is causing the fires," Capt. Mary Gutierrez said.

The fire department isn't alone in investigating these problems. The the city's
housing and environmental services department is working with the Santa Clara
Valley Water District, Santa Clara County and various social service and
outreach support groups to find housing and services to get homeless people off
the streets.

It isn't easy. The city stopped its regular homeless camp cleanup program in
March to ensure that its actions comply with state regulations. And therein lies
the problem.

Before March, most of the encampments were cleaned up with bulldozers. But that
didn't prevent the homeless from returning and re-establishing camps, sometimes
within hours of the take-down. These cleanups can be potentially dangerous, with
needles and other drug paraphernalia, biohazards and tons of trash.

California and municipal law bars the city from destroying personal property for
90 days. The city keeps the property in storage for that period, at its own
expense. Once the owner contacts EHC LifeBuilders, the city returns the property
to that center; most homeless have cell phones or use library computers to
contact EHC. If there is no contact within the 90 days, the city can destroy the
property.

There are an estimated 60 homeless camps throughout the city, 40 along creeks or
the Guadalupe River that house from 600 to 900 people. Some of these are small,
housing only a few people, while more than 20 people live in others. Some are
isolated, with only tents or lean-tos; others are more elaborate, with
structures and community space.

Homeless numbers appear to be rising, according to a memo from housing director
Leslye Corsiglia to the city council. State and federal cuts in funding for
outreach workers and social services, rising rents and high unemployment may be
the key reasons for the increase.

The city put together one program with the Environmental Protection Agency that
took homeless residents from Coyote Creek and gave them part-time work, such as
cleaning up the homeless encampments, picking up litter and other maintenance
jobs, in return for meal cards and possibly a room. The pilot project, which
included the nonprofit Downtown Street Teams, has been running for about eight
months.

"This is only part of the solution; it doesn't necessarily remove the immediate
problems, such as maintaining the area and getting the homeless engaged with
social services and nonprofits," said Jo Zientek, deputy director of the city's
environmental services department.

San Jose is using several programs in order to get the homeless off the streets,
according to Corsiglia's memo. Funds from Community Development Block Grants and
the Emergency Shelter Grant were set aside for a citywide outreach program
beginning July 1. Outreach workers from EHC LifeBuilders and the Bill Wilson
Center will provide additional workers, case management services and housing
location and assistance with the goal of moving homeless residents into
permanent housing.

San Jose and Santa Clara County are coordinating the St. James Park pilot using
federal Home Investment Partnerships Program (HOME) funding to house 15
persistently homeless with substance abuse issues in and near St. James Park.

More federal HOME funding, along with CDBG and Emergency Shelter Grant funding,
has been approved to provide 40 transitional housing opportunities for a program
called the Phase I Encampment Program. Outreach workers will identify camp
residents interested in moving into housing and work with case managers to
identify long-term housing for them.

As for cleanups, several were conducted in late May and June at Communications
Hill, Coyote Creek at Selma Olinder Park and along the Guadalupe River on city
and water district properties.

The city and the water district will follow several guidelines on future
cleanups based on five criteria: the site is on public city or water district
property within San Jose's boundaries; the site has a significant environmental
impact; it has received public complaints; provides an opportunity for proactive
intervention; and is highly visible or frequented by the public.

Although fire department officials continue to investigate the cause of the
blazes, the city scheduled a cleanup of the homeless camp on July 19. Homeless
inhabitants' personal belongings and possessions, including tents, will get
bagged and remain in storage for 90 days. Since March, no one has claimed any of
those stored possessions.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              638 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                              March 6, 2009 Friday
                                   M1 Edition

Yes and no to funding requests

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 522 words


The Kane County Community Development Commission recommended projects to receive
$1.6 million in block grant funding. Here are some in the northern Fox Valley:

Funding granted

* Community Contacts' owner-occupied housing rehabilitation program -- $341,725.
Rehabilitation for 20 affordable housing units in Kane County owned by people
with low or moderate incomes.

* Carpentersville's Reconstruction Project -- $263,478. Reconstruct sanitary
sewers, water mains, water services, carriage walk, sidewalk and roadway and
create storm sewers, widen turn lanes and install new streetlights and traffic
signals on Hazard Road, Monroe Avenue and Golfview Lane.

* Carpentersville's 2010/2011 reconstruction project -- $149,952. Reconstruction
of sanitary sewers, water mains, water services, storm sewers, carriage walk and
roadway as well as installation of new streetlights along Hickory Drive, Hickory
Court and Ash Street.

* Kane County floodplain property buyout in East Dundee -- $66,181. Buys and
demolishes the property at 15N302 Camp Flint Drive to return it to open space
and ease flooding.

* Lazarus House Emergency Shelter -- $58,000. Helps cover operating expenses for
the St. Charles homeless shelter and transitional and outreach programs for
clients.

* AID Barnes and Kingsway Group Home Rehabilitation -- $51,478. Rehabilitates
heating, cooling and drainage problems at two group homes serving 10 people with
special needs.

* Elgin's Ecker Center for Mental Health's elevator upgrade -- $41,077. Repairs
elevator to keep facility handicap accessible and remain in compliance for state
funding.

* Elgin PADS Emergency Shelter -- $40,000. Helps cover operating expenses for
emergency homeless shelter and transitional housing program.

* Neighborhood Housing Services of the Fox Valley's Homeownership
Education/Counseling program -- $34,000. Provides education and counseling to
prospective homebuyers and homeowners facing mortgage default and foreclosure.

* Flood relief for Algonquin Shores subdivision in Dundee Township -- $24,000.
Helps prevent flooding of the Pokagon Channel that has damaged up to 23 homes in
the past.

* South Elgin's Gilbert Street Sidewalk Extension -- $15,300. Constructs a
sidewalk along Gilbert Street to connect residential area with downtown South
Elgin.

* Continuum of Care Administration's coordination of services for the homeless
-- $8,000. Helps cover administrative costs of providing services to the area
homeless population.

No funding granted

* Gilberts' Town Center Park (requested $100,000). County staff determined the
project area is not eligible because income levels being beyond the funding
scope.

* Elgin YWCA's child care space (requested $100,000). County staff determined
the facility doesn't serve enough of the countywide population targeted by these
grants.

* FITE Homeownership Coalition's Emergency Repair Program (requested $10,000).
Rejected because the county already offers up to $10,000 in emergency repair
funds for affordable housing units.

* Virgil comprehensive plan update publication (requested $2,500). Rejected
because there is no timeline for the plan and has no other funding source.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              639 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            September 2, 2005 Friday

Minnesotans providing aid;
Agencies say cash donations work best

BYLINE: BY EMILY GURNON; Pioneer Press

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 605 words


Stunned by images from the disaster zone, Minnesotans are responding with cash
and concern for the victims of Hurricane Katrina and the storm's aftermath.

Some, such as Rich Schreiner of Inver Grove Heights, have headed south to
volunteer for relief organizations.

Schreiner, 48, whose day job is facilities director for United Hospital in St.
Paul, left Thursday for Jackson, Miss., where he will spend three weeks helping
the American Red Cross set up additional shelters for people who lost homes in
the immediate area or fled harder-hit areas such as New Orleans.

Relief agencies stress that the best way for average Minnesotans to respond is
by opening their checkbooks or getting out a credit card.

"It's fun to collect things because people feel so connected to that, but it
really is not the best way to serve," said Annette Bauer, public relations
director for the Salvation Army Northern Division, which encompasses Minnesota
and North Dakota.

FEMA, the Federal Emergency Management Agency, concurs, advising volunteers not
to venture to the Gulf Coast region on their own.

Local efforts include:

* Second Harvest Heartland, a local food bank, has 67,000 pounds of water,
cereal bars, canned soup, diapers and paper products ready to be shipped to the
gulf region from its Maplewood warehouse. The food bank needs donations.

* The St. Paul and Minneapolis fire departments offered emergency workers to aid
FEMA. Six St. Paul firefighters are ready to go when asked, Assistant Chief Dave
Pleasants said.

* Lt. Col. Denny Shields said the Minnesota Army and Air National Guard's
involvement with hurricane relief efforts began about 2 p.m. Thursday when an
Air Guard C-130 transport plane left the Twin Cities to transport water-pumping
equipment to Gulfport, Miss.

* To coordinate state government assistance, the Minnesota Division of Homeland
Security and Emergency Management activated its regional operations center in
the New Brighton Public Safety Center.

* Local residents are joining others nationwide in posting offerings of free
housing to refugees. The Minneapolis-St. Paul Craigslist online bulletin board
has several such listings. Steve Silberfarb of the local Jewish Community
Relations Council said his organization has fielded calls and e-mails from
people wanting to help with housing. He said local groups such as his are
already talking about how they might help accommodate refugees.

* Brooklyn Park-based Feed My Starving Children, which usually responds to
international needs, said it is prepared to send up to 140,000 meals.

* The Salvation Army, responding to requests from WCCO-TV and other media,
brought its traditional red kettles to the broadcasters' State Fair booths.
Through the kettles and phone banks on local TV stations, the organization
raised $109,000 on Wednesday alone, spokeswoman Annette Bauer said.

* 3M Co. and the 3M Foundation pledged an initial contribution of $1.5 million
to help the relief efforts. The donation includes a $500,000 grant that will be
used to match employee contributions to the Red Cross and the Salvation Army.

* The Somali American Democratic Association, the Muslim American Society and
the Somaliland Community of Minnesota will hold a fundraiser at 1:30 p.m.
Saturday to benefit the Red Cross. The event will be at 207 E. Lake St.,
Minneapolis.

* The local Red Cross has sent eight volunteers and will deploy 12 more.

* Local sports teams, including the Minnesota Twins and Vikings and the St. Paul
Saints, have pledged to raise funds for relief.

Lee Egerstrom and Jason Hoppin contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2005 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              640 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Business Mirror (Philippines)

                            March 13, 2014 Thursday

ADB extends $20-million assistance to 'Yolanda'-hit municipalities

BYLINE:  Cai U. Ordinario

LENGTH: 384  words


The Asian Development Bank (ADB) is extending $20 million in assistance to
municipalities affected by Supertyphoon Yolanda (international code name Haiyan)
to help rebuild damaged infrastructure and increase job opportunities.

The Manila-based multilateral development bank said the funds were provided by
the Japan Fund for Poverty Reduction. The fund supports cash-for-work programs
and will help restore income to farmers and fishermen by providing seeds,
fertilizers, fishing nets and fishing boats.

"We have laid the groundwork to immediately put this assistance to use in
cash-for-work programs and restoring crucial infrastructure, such as water
systems, solid-waste collection, and fuel and power supply," ADB Philippines
Principal Country Specialist Claudia Buentjen said.

The funding will be disbursed to 74 municipalities through small grants of $1
million to $8 million through communities chosen in collaboration with local
officials.

Apart from repairing and/or rebuilding damaged infrastructure, the assistance
will also be used to repair schools, build skills in masonry and set up a system
to monitor vulnerability to future disasters.

The project is expected to have three major outputs. These outputs include
restoring local government unit's infrastructure and improve their access to
emergency employment and livelihood support available.

The ADB also said other objectives include providing basic emergency maternal
and child-care health services and improving resilience to disasters and
effective project management, coordination, monitoring and reporting.

"The project will use nontoxic and nonhazardous materials and any disposal of
toxic materials present in the sites will be disposed by project implementing
agencies, and national and local government agencies as per existing regulations
and as part of the broader recovery effort. No explosive or toxic materials will
be used; or if fuel, etc., are used, that may be of such small quantities that
will not cause any accident or potential explosion," ADB said.

ADB has already provided a $3-million grant from its Asia-Pacific Disaster
Response Fund, and approved a $500-million emergency loan to meet the national
government's immediate post-disaster costs. Last month ADB opened an extended
mission for Yolanda based in Tacloban.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Business Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              641 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Business Mirror (Philippines)

                            March 13, 2014 Thursday

ADB extends $20-million assistance to 'Yolanda'-hit municipalities

BYLINE:  Cai U. Ordinario

LENGTH: 384  words


The Asian Development Bank (ADB) is extending $20 million in assistance to
municipalities affected by Supertyphoon Yolanda (international code name Haiyan)
to help rebuild damaged infrastructure and increase job opportunities.

The Manila-based multilateral development bank said the funds were provided by
the Japan Fund for Poverty Reduction. The fund supports cash-for-work programs
and will help restore income to farmers and fishermen by providing seeds,
fertilizers, fishing nets and fishing boats.

"We have laid the groundwork to immediately put this assistance to use in
cash-for-work programs and restoring crucial infrastructure, such as water
systems, solid-waste collection, and fuel and power supply," ADB Philippines
Principal Country Specialist Claudia Buentjen said.

The funding will be disbursed to 74 municipalities through small grants of $1
million to $8 million through communities chosen in collaboration with local
officials.

Apart from repairing and/or rebuilding damaged infrastructure, the assistance
will also be used to repair schools, build skills in masonry and set up a system
to monitor vulnerability to future disasters.

The project is expected to have three major outputs. These outputs include
restoring local government unit's infrastructure and improve their access to
emergency employment and livelihood support available.

The ADB also said other objectives include providing basic emergency maternal
and child-care health services and improving resilience to disasters and
effective project management, coordination, monitoring and reporting.

"The project will use nontoxic and nonhazardous materials and any disposal of
toxic materials present in the sites will be disposed by project implementing
agencies, and national and local government agencies as per existing regulations
and as part of the broader recovery effort. No explosive or toxic materials will
be used; or if fuel, etc., are used, that may be of such small quantities that
will not cause any accident or potential explosion," ADB said.

ADB has already provided a $3-million grant from its Asia-Pacific Disaster
Response Fund, and approved a $500-million emergency loan to meet the national
government's immediate post-disaster costs. Last month ADB opened an extended
mission for Yolanda based in Tacloban.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Business Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              642 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                       March 17, 2015 Tuesday 2:33 PM GMT

Syria crisis: how to donate;
Four years of war have had a catastrophic effect on Syrians, forcing 10 million
people to flee their homes. Here's a roundup of the main appeals

BYLINE: Clár Ní Chonghaile

SECTION: GLOBAL DEVELOPMENT

LENGTH: 1601 words


Many NGOs and UN agencies are working in Syria and among refugees in
neighbouring countries, but the scale and duration of the crisis mean that needs
consistently outpace funding. This list of aid agencies and organisations that
have launched appeals for Syria is not comprehensive, so feel free to highlight
others in the comments section below.

British Red Cross

Since 2011, the British Red Cross has given more than £8m to support the
International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement's operations in Syria and
neighbouring countries. It has worked with the Syrian Arab Red Crescent,
supporting their day-to-day operations. The British Red Cross has funded several
delegates to work in communities in Jordan and it is funding unconditional cash
grants for about 375 Syrian families.

In Turkey, the British Red Cross also worked with the Turkish Red Crescent to
help Syrians in seven refugee camps along the border. It provided 34,000
mattresses, 2,750 electric heaters, 6,000 tarpaulins and 11,500 hygiene parcels
to about 6,800 Syrian families.

How to donate: UK, International

Cafod

Cafod is working through trusted church partners in Syria to get vital aid and
supplies to vulnerable people. It is also working in Lebanon, Turkey and Jordan,
to help refugees who have crossed the border.

How to donate

Care

Care is providing services to Syrian refugees and host communities in Jordan,
Lebanon and Egypt, and has reached more than 290,000 people. In Jordan, Care
provides emergency cash assistance for refugees, and gives information on how to
access further health, legal and social support.

How to donate: UK, International

Christian Aid

Christian Aid is working through trusted local organisations and partners in
Lebanon and Iraq, and within Syria to provide vital assistance to thousands of
displaced families by distributing food, fuel for cooking, bedding, hygiene
kits, cash assistance and psychosocial support. Christian Aid is helping
especially vulnerable refugees, such as women and people with disabilities,
access much-needed services.

How to donate

Hand in Hand for Syria

Set up in 2011, Hand in Hand for Syria delivers medical and humanitarian aid
into Syria, using its networks on the ground. The organisation also works with
bigger partners, who are unable to gain access. It delivers food aid and
educational materials, and works on water, sanitation and hygiene programmes and
community projects.

How to donate

Human Appeal

UK-based charity Human Appeal has delivered more than 10.3m kilos of flour
across Syria, feeding more than 10 million people. It has provided a CT scanner
and intensive care unit; created a safe village for 700 Syrians, including
orphans, widows, the elderly and disabled people; and provided 50,000 emergency
food, medical and hygiene packs.

How to donate

International Medical Corps

International Medical Corps (IMC) provides critical health services within
Syria, including lifesaving help through mobile medical units and by supporting
existing healthcare facilities. At static clinics, where IMC provides primary
healthcare services, it has nurses and doctors specifically focused on the needs
of conflict-affected Syrians. Since April 2012, IMC has reached more than
115,000 Syrians in and around Damascus with general healthcare, mental health
services and psychosocial support, blankets, cooking equipment, and other
critical supplies. IMC is also scaling up operations in Lebanon, Jordan, Turkey,
and Iraq.

How to donate: UK, International


International Rescue Committee

The International Rescue Committee is marshalling a humanitarian response to
help the thousands of people crossing Syria's borders every day, as well as
those trapped by the violence inside the country. It provides medical and other
critical aid, helps women and girls who have experienced violence, and ensures
refugees have access to their legal rights.

How to donate: UK, International


Islamic Relief UK

Since 2012, Islamic Relief has implemented more than 223 projects to support
vulnerable Syrians, not only in Syria but also in neighbouring Lebanon, Iraq and
Jordan. These projects have varied from providing food aid, non-food items,
education support, shelter assistance, psychosocial support, water and
sanitation projects, and medical assistance. The organisation has reached more
than seven million people.

How to donate

Médecins sans Frontières (MSF/Doctors without borders)

Syria's previously functioning health system has collapsed and thousands of
medical staff have fled. Many others inside the country have been targeted for
their work. There are massive unmet needs, millions of frightened and vulnerable
people, and a dreadfully restricted aid response. Despite the extremely
challenging security context - five staff were abducted in early 2014, and
subsequently released - MSF continues to operate medical facilities inside
Syria, as well as supporting directly more than 100 clinics, health posts and
field hospitals. MSF is also working with patients from Syria who have fled to
Jordan, Lebanon and Iraq.

How to donate: UK,International

Oxfam

Oxfam has reached more than 1.5 million people affected by the crisis. It has
provided nearly half a million refugees in Jordan and Lebanon with clean
drinking water or cash and relief supplies, such as blankets and stoves and
vouchers for hygiene kits. It is also helping families get information about
legal and human rights and connecting them to medical, legal and support
services. Oxfam has built shower and toilet blocks in refugee camps, informal
settlements and on deserted routes used by people fleeing Syria, and has
installed or repaired toilets in communities hosting refugees. The charity is
also providing clean water to Syrians inside their country by rebuilding
infrastructure, as well as water trucking and repairing wells.

How to donate: UK, International

Save the Children

Save the Children says Syrian children are the forgotten victims of the war, and
risk becoming a "lost generation". More than five million children are in need
of assistance, including more than a million Syrian children who have sought
refuge in neighbouring countries. Save the Children's teams have helped 275,000
children and family members with food, safe water, medicine, and shelter inside
Syria, and are also working with children in Jordan, Lebanon, Iraq and Egypt.

How to donate: UK, International

UN Syria Emergency Response Fund

The UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs (Ocha) has teamed up
with the UN Foundation to collect online donations for the Syria Emergency
Response Fund. Donations will help humanitarian NGOs and UN agencies to help the
most vulnerable communities, those urgently requiring food, water, shelter and
other basic needs.

How to donate

UNHCR

The UN refugee agency says 3.8 million Syrians are refugees in "the biggest
humanitarian emergency of our era". The UNHCR has provided food aid to 1.7
million refugees, 350,000 children were enrolled in school, and shelter in camps
was provided for more than 400,000 refugees. It provides refugees with cash for
medicine and food, stoves and fuel for heating, and insulation for tents,
thermal blankets and winter clothing.

How to donate

Unicef

Unicef, the UN children's agency, is working with its partners to minimise the
impact of the crisis on children, not least in the life-saving areas of health,
nutrition, immunisation, water and sanitation, and through education and child
protection.

How to donate: UK, International

World Food Programme (WFP)

The WFP is struggling to meet the urgent food needs of close to 6 million
displaced people in Syria and neighbouring countries. Food operations are being
run on a hand-to-mouth basis as funding is running out. For some refugees it has
already run out. The WFP is assisting more than 2.5 million Syrian refugees in
neighbouring countries, and providing food assistance to about 4 million people
inside the country every month.

How to donate

World Vision

Since the crisis began, World Vision has helped more than 1.8 million people in
Syria, Lebanon, Jordan and Iraq. It provides food aid, clean water and
sanitation, education and psychosocial support for children, as well as other
assistance.

How to donate: UK, International

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              643 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Gloucester Advocate

                                  June 1, 2016

Grants awarded to??community groups

BYLINE: Anne Keen

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 407  words


Community events, improvement projects and increased awareness will get a boost
after the recent announcement of the AGL 2016 Local Community Investment Program
(LCIP) grants.

Nine community groups have been awarded funds as part of the February
application round.

The program is part of AGL's commitment to continue its support for the local
community despite the decision to stop gas exploration activities in the
Gloucester Basin.

LCIP grants have been handed out twice a year since 2014.

'We are committed to making a positive contribution in the regions where we
operate,' AGL's executive general manager, stakeholder relations, Jeni Coutts
said.

The Bucketts Way Neighbourhood Group (BWNG) will receive $5000 to help support
the  development of the centre's 'Getting our service out there' communication
program.

BWNG chief executive officer Anna Burley said the money would be spent on
getting the group's website up and going.

It will also assist with the cost of a quarterly newsletter and brochure,
developed to assist with marketing their services to the community.

Anna said she still comes across long-term residents who don't know what
services the centre has to offer, services like disability support, in-home aged
care and health transport.

They also provide the neighbourhood services which includes legal aid, financial
counselling, emergency relief, food parcels, housing assistance and access to
ongoing services for domestic violence, alcohol and drug abuse and mental
health.

The money from the grant will help get the word out.

Other recipients are: Gloucester Junior Rodeo for sponsorship of the Glowalman
Sporting and Campdraft Championships; Gloucester Country Club water resource
project for increasing the water holding capacity of the club's golf course;
Gloucester Wormi First People's Aboriginal Corporation for NAIDOC week
celebrations and a school dance in partnership with Gloucester Public School;
Gloucester and District Netball Association to support the club's kitchen
upgrade project; Gloucester Chamber of Commerce and Industry to help complete
industrial estate signage project; MidCoast Science and Engineering Challenge
for  funding the Dungog discovery day and assisting the Taree week; Dungog
Rotary for funding to support the Pedalfest community event to be held on
September 9; Stroud Road Community Hall and Progress Association for sponsorship
of the Stroud Road Spring Bash 'n' Bang community event.

LOAD-DATE: June 08, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              644 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                             May 8, 2014, Thursday

State briefs

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P6C

LENGTH: 836 words


Philippi agrees to help county police

PHILIPPI - Philippi's City Council has approved an agreement allowing the police
department to help other law enforcement agencies in Barbour County during
emergencies.

Under the mutual aid agreement, the Philippi Police Department would provide
manpower and assistance to the Barbour County Sheriff's Department and Belington
Police Department during emergencies. Those agencies would provide assistance to
Philippi's department during emergencies.

All three agencies would help the Junior Police Department, which has two
part-time officers but no police chief.

The Inter-Mountain reported that the City Council approved the agreement
Tuesday.

Nonprofit to honor ex-Gov. Caperton

Former West Virginia Gov. Gaston Caperton is being honored by a nonprofit group
that promotes the wellbeing of children.

Caperton will be presented with the West Virginia KIDS COUNT's "Making West
Virginia A Great Place to be a Kid award. A ceremony is being held Wednesday at
the Clay Center for the Arts and Sciences in Charleston.

Caperton served two terms in office starting in 1989 and spent 13 years as
president of the College Board.

He was known for his commitment to education as governor, including raising
state teachers' salaries, creating a school building program and putting
computers in public school classrooms.

Alzheimer's care training day set

HUNTINGTON - A training conference has been scheduled in Huntington for
relatives and caregivers of Alzheimer's patients and individuals with dementia.

The conference is set for Thursday at Cabell Huntington Hospital.

It includes a series of workshops aimed at enhancing the quality of patient care
and support. Topics include legal and financial considerations, and safety and
preparedness.

Registration for the conference is required. The cost is $20 for family
caregivers and $35 for professional caregivers. Lunch is included.

The keynote speaker is Dr. Shirley Neitch, chief of geriatrics and general
internal medicine at Marshall University's medical school.

Foundation endows WVU scholarships

MORGANTOWN - A California foundation has endowed a $1 million scholarship fund
at West Virginia University for students seeking to return to school at least
five years after leaving without a degree.

The gift from the San Francisco-based Bernard Osher Foundation will fund at
least 10 scholarships annually valued at $5,000, which can be used solely for
tuition and fees. It is intended to benefit students who have considerable years
of employability ahead of them.

The foundation was founded in 1977 by businessman and community leader Bernard
Osher. Foundation president Mary Bitterman says the organization wants to
lighten the financial burden of students pursuing a degree while managing other
obligations such as work and family.

Berkeley County

expands smoke ban

MARTINSBURG - Beginning July 1, smokers in Berkeley County won't be able to
light up in bars and private clubs.

Media outlets reported that the Berkeley County Health Department's board voted
Tuesday to expand the county's smoking ban to bars and private clubs.

However, board members rejected extending the ban to public parks, playgrounds,
golf courses, parking lots and several other outdoor sites.

About 100 people who oppose banning smoking in bars and private held a rally in
downtown Martinsburg on Tuesday afternoon and then attended the board's meeting.
The crowd included business owners, employees and some customers.

W.Va. to award

tourism ad grants

West Virginia officials are awarding $710,000 in tourism advertising grants,
including assistance for The Greenbrier resort's professional golf tournament.

The West Virginia Tourism Commission requires the recipients to pour in
investments to receive grants. Businesses are spending $1 million to be eligible
for the state incentive money.

After investing $150,000, The Greenbrier Classic will receive $100,000 in grants
to support a broadcast ad campaign for the July golf tournament.

Two other initiatives will also receive $100,000.

Adventures on the Gorge's campaign will focus on getting more youth involved in
outdoor activities, while promoting longer multisport packages.

Fayette-Mercer-Raleigh County Winter Coalition's ad push seeks to bring more
multiday visitors in for winter activities.

Both are investing $150,000 to secure the matching grants.

Water projects to

get financial help

Two water projects in southern West Virginia are getting financial help from the
U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.

U.S. Rep. Nick Rahall says the corps awarded $520,000 to the Logan County Public
Service District to replace a failing water system. The system serves about 170
residential and small commercial customers in the Bud and Alpoca areas of
Wyoming County.

Rahall says the corps also awarded $607,000 to the McDowell County Public
Service District to extend water service to more than 500 customers in the Big
Sandy and Roderfield areas.

The funding comes from the corps' Section 340 Environmental Assistance Program.

COMPILED FROM WIRE REPORTS

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Charleston Newspapers


                              645 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                              July 16, 2007 Monday

USAID PROVIDES RELIEF TO CYCLONE AFFECTED PEOPLE IN SINDH, BALOCHISTAN

LENGTH: 266 words


ISLAMABAD: Humanitarian assistance and emergency relief initiative of $390,000
from USAID has provided relief to communities affected by cyclone Yemyin that
hit Balochistan and Sindh provinces earlier this month.

Funded by U.S. Agency for International Development's (USAID) Office of Foreign
Disaster Assistance (OFDA) and U.S. Ambassador's Emergency Fund, emergency kits
are being provided by international non-governmental organization, Mercy Corps,
to over 11,000 households in districts Bolan, Lasbela, Jhal Magsi, Jaffarabad
and Naseerabad of Balochistan.

"It was important for the U.S. to have made this grant to Mercy Corps soon after
Cyclone Yemyin hit Pakistan to ease the suffering of those who had lost family
members, property, and livelihoods and to provide some hope," said Anne Aarnes,
USAID/Pakistan Mission Director.

More than 3,470 family kits containing food and non-food items had been
distributed in Balochistan assisting 25,000 people. An estimated 7,530 more kits
will be distributed through this week.

Dee Goluba, Operations Manager of Mercy Corps' Global Response Team said, "This
assistance along with other programs is providing tools and supplies that will
help restore a sense of normality to the families." Family kits were designed
with suggestions from the affected families in Balochistan. Each kit is valued
at approximately $30 and includes basic supplies such as rice, oil, daal, salt,
spices, gram, gur, sugar, medicines, and water. Meanwhile, relief workers have
noted hundreds of communities still living on roadsides and in public spaces on
higher ground.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Development/Humanitarian Aid

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

                      Copyright 2007 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              646 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday

Denison will use CDBG funds for infrastructure rehab

LENGTH: 611 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: American Planning Association  has issued the following news
release:



  March 08 --As a part of efforts to find new funding sources for infrastructure
and road repairs, the Denison City Council approved a series of updates for its
Community Development Block Grant program that will move some of the funds to
road repairs. Historically, the city has used the program to assist residents
with rehab projects and emergency repairs.





 Through the CDBG program, the city of Denison receives funding from the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development for improvements in low- to
moderate-income neighborhoods. Currently, HUD provides about $310,000 annually
to the city for improvements and upgrades.



 "This is a great way to jump start our road projects along with our overlay
work," Denison Mayor Jared Johnson said Monday, referring to the city's pavement
management program.



 Development Services Director Gabe Reaume the program historically has been for
things like heating and air conditioning, plumbing, foundation and roof repair.



 Under the changes, the city will stop offering assistance with rehabilitation
projects and limit funding for emergency repairs to $75,000 . City Manager Jud
Rex said through these changes, the city will be better able to utilize the
funds provided by HUD on infrastructure upgrades that benefit the entire
community. No specific projects have been named at this time.



 For its 2015 funds, Rex proposed that the majority of the budget be used for
infrastructure upgrades. In long-term planning, Rex suggested the annual funding
could be used finance a $1.5 million loan through HUD for street repairs and
related water main replacement. By taking out the loan and using the bulk funds,
Rex said the city could avoid risks of inflation, pricing changes and other
market shifts.



 "What we can do in 10 years with $300,000 is not the same as what we can do now
with $300,000 ," Rex said.



 Rex said there are some risks with the proposed plan, including paying off the
loan if the city ever loses its HUD funding, but he feels the risk is minimal.
"We feel the risk is low enough that we feel confident moving forward," he said.




 Assistance for repairs and rehab projects was limited to $5,000 , as more
extensive projects would require lead and asbestos studies and abatement which
could prove expensive for homeowners. This limited the number and scale of
project that were eligible for assistance and hindered the effectiveness of the
program.



 "The real problem is the difficulty in finding contractors for these small
jobs," Rex said, noting that some contractors would walk away from these small
projects.



 Reaume said under the current market many repairs simply cost more than the
city is able to assist with. He paid particular attention to roofing and
foundation repairs which can come at a significant cost.



 Rex said that because of this limitation the city is experiencing a backlog of
funds from HUD that could jeopardize future funding. Under HUD guidelines, a
city can only accumulate about 1.5 years worth of funding without penalties, he
said.



 By diverting these funds to other projects, including street repair and other
infrastructure projects the city can utilize these funds in a timely manner and
continue to receive funding through HUD.



 Reaume said the city is currently exploring other avenues for funding emergency
repairs for residents. Current ideas include a separate grant program through
HUD and collaboration between the city and local nonprofits and churches.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              647 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Jacksonville Daily Progress (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 27, 2009 Friday

Smith County Ike-relief to be drained from other counties

BYLINE: Kelly Young, Jacksonville Daily Progress, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 908 words


Feb. 27--News coming from the East Texas Council of Governments confirms Smith
County will receive a share of the $9.2 million in federal disaster relief funds
being distributed by the Office of Rural Community Affairs -- despite the fact
that the county failed to meet the Federal Emergency Management Agency's minimum
damage threshold for assistance.

ETCOG was tasked with setting the method of distribution for the $9,224,823.25
in damage reimbursements from Hurricane Ike and future disaster preparedness
efforts in a nine-county area of East Texas.

In ETCOG's initial proposed distribution plan, 90 percent of the grant funds
were dedicated to infrastructure projects with the remaining 10 percent going
toward housing projects. Because Smith County did not suffer enough damage
during Ike, according to FEMA's standards, the county was initially not going to
be awarded any infrastructure funds.

"Smith County wasn't initially included because we based our method of
distribution on FEMA's disaster allocation, and they weren't included on that
because they didn't meet the minimum damage threshold for that disaster," said
Julie Burnfield, community and economic development manager for ETCOG. "FEMA's
estimate didn't reach a level that would allow Smith County to get the funds,
but they did have a lot of infrastructure damage, so we didn't think it was very
fair to not give them anything, and that's why we turned around and tried to fix
it."

While the exact figures are not being released until ETCOG's executive committee
can vote to finalize the distribution amounts, the current plan to correct the
distribution is to take housing money proposed to go to the other eight counties
and give it to Smith County for infrastructure projects.

Burnfield said responses to a survey sent to the local counties showed that most
of their needs fell under infrastructure and not housing.

"We have data supporting that the greatest need is in infrastructure, so the
plan at this time so Smith County can receive some infrastructure funds is to
decrease everyone's housing percentage a little bit and keep the rest of the
counties at their current level of funding for infrastructure," she said. "We
aren't going to be able to make everybody happy, but we are trying to make the
most people happy as possible. I think if you try to take away people's
infrastructure funds you are going to have a lot more unhappy people than if you
take money away from the housing funds."

Cherokee County Precinct 4 Commissioner Byron Underwood is less than enthused by
the prospect of funds needed by Cherokee County being diverted to Smith County.

"I don't blame Smith County for trying to get this money, but the money should
go to the people who had the most damage, and according to FEMA, that is
Cherokee County," Underwood said. "If there had been an ice storm from the north
and Smith County had had the most damage, we wouldn't be up there trying to get
their money."

According to the figures given to Underwood during a meeting with ETCOG on Feb.
13 -- before the decision was made to reroute funds to Smith County -- Cherokee
County was proposed to receive $3,145,570.26 in infrastructure funds and
$485,711.90 in housing funds.

Underwood said this county is rightfully receiving the largest slice of the pie,
nearly 40 percent of the grant funds, because it was hardest hit by Ike.

"We had the most damage in this nine-county region, and we can use every penny
we can get. For them to take this money from the people just so Smith County can
get some money seems very wrong to me," he said. "Along with the other counties,
we are lobbying adamantly to keep our housing money -- I don't know if we will
get to keep it or not, but I want the people to know that we are trying."

Once Cherokee County receives its reimbursement from ORCA, local cities, water
supply corporations and other entities will be able to apply to the county for
funding of their infrastructure projects. The commissioners' court will have
final say regarding which projects will be financed.

County Judge Chris Davis said he is thrilled to receive any grant assistance --
regardless of what the final amount is. He said one of the county's priorities
will be the acquisition of generators to help counter lengthy storm-induced
power outages.

"I'm going to be happy with whatever we get as long as it is enough that we are
able to prepare ourselves better for the next disaster. We've heard that it is
going to be a sizable chunk, and I think it will go a long way to help some of
our cities and rural water groups rebuild and prepare for the future," Davis
said. "I wish we didn't have to worry about any of this, but I think we are
learning from each storm more and more of what to do to be better prepared, and
I'm proud that we do it a little better each time something comes through."

The council of government's executive committee will meet on March 5 to decide
whether or not to approve the distribution method selected by the ETCOG staff.

To see more of the Jacksonville Daily Progress, or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.jacksonvilleprogress.com. Copyright (c) 2009,
Jacksonville Daily Progress, Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20090227-JD-Smith-County-Ike-relief-to-be-drained-from-other-counties-0227

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JD


                                 Copyright 2009


                              648 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                            February 1, 2005 Tuesday

In Brief

BYLINE: Staff Reports

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1077 words


BANNING
Fashion show sales to create scholarships

The Banning Soroptimist Club will hold a Dress Party Fashion Show Feb. 11 at 5
p.m. at Banning First Baptist Church, 565 N. San Gorgonio Ave.

The show will feature designer clothing along with fashions for $39 or less,
along with jewelry and scarves. Proceeds from the event will benefit the
Soroptimist Club's scholarship program. The club gives $500 scholarships to two
senior girls at Banning High School each year.

For more information, call [951] 922-9153. BEAUMONT
 Commercial photographer to speak Thursday

The San Gorgonio Pass Artist's Association will hold its monthly demonstration
and general meeting at 1 p.m. Thursday at the First Assembly of God Church, 1166
Beaumont Ave.

David Valenzuela, who had a commercial photography business for 35 years before
he retired, will be the main demonstrator at the event.

For more information, call [951] 845-3704. CALIMESA
 Transit agency raises fares

Riverside Transit Agency is raising fares, starting April 3, to $1.25 for adults
and children. Seniors will pay 60 cents. Dial-A-Ride will only be available to
seniors and those with disabilities. For more information, call [800] 800-7821.
COLTON
 Construction to begin on child-care center

Construction will begin soon on a child-care center at Cooley Ranch Elementary
School.

The city reached an agreement with the Colton Joint Unified School District in
2003 to construct and operate child-care facilities at Reche Canyon, Woodrow
Wilson and Cooley Ranch elementary schools. Cooley Ranch is the only center that
has not been built. The project will include installation of a manufactured
modular building on wood pad foundation, two restrooms and a kitchen,
handicapped ramps, and water and sewer facilities. The $141,600 cost is coming
out of federal Community Development Block Grant funds. FONTANA
 City to host disaster preparedness fair

The city will host a community-wide Emergency Preparedness Fair Feb. 12 to tell
residents what to do in the event of a major natural disaster.

The event is scheduled for 10 a.m. to noon at LDS Church, 7526 Alder Ave. The
church is designated as a community disaster relief site.

City Emergency Preparedness Specialist Dennis Devereaux, elected officials and
public safety officers will answer questions on emergency supplies, planning
ahead and the city's response plan for natural disasters.

Hands-on exhibits are planned as well.

For more information, call [909] 350-7602. GRAND TERRACE
 Gas and electric bill aid available

HEAP [Home Energy Assistance Program] forms are available at the Senior Center,
22627 Grand Terrace Road.

The program includes both gas and electric bills, and applicants must supply a
current copy of both bills.

For appointments, call the Senior Center at [909] 824-1491. HIGH DESERT
 Water issues topic of town meeting

A committee of the Mojave Water Agency will hold a town meeting Feb. 17 to
discuss water issues in the High Desert.

The meeting, held in conjunction with the agency's Municipal Advisory Committee,
will begin at 7 p.m. at the El Mirage Community Center.

Kirby Brill, agency general manager, and board member Kimberly Cox will take
part in a question and answer session.

For information, call Michael Stevens at [760] 946-7067. HIGHLAND
 Planning Commission meeting canceled

Tonight's Planning Commission meeting has been canceled. The commission's next
meeting is tentatively scheduled for 6 p.m. Feb. 15 at City Hall, 27215 Base
Line. LOMA LINDA
 Chamber of Commerce names president

Rosemary Estupinan was named as the new president of the Chamber of Commerce
last week and several other members of the community were honored with awards by
the chamber.

Lillian Miller, owner of University Realty, was named Citizen of the Year; Joan
Schleicher, a Bryn Mawr Elementary School teacher, was named Teacher of the
Year; and Sylvia Beasley and Michael Atchison were named Police Officer and
Firefighter of the Year. MOUNTAINS
 Committee planning Big Bear Lake events

A committee is planning a schedule of special events for weekends in Big Bear
Lake to make the downtown a destination for residents, second homeowners and
visitors.

At its last meeting the council directed its Village Advisory Committee to
create a schedule and recommend a budget for activities that will stimulate
activity and commerce in the village. Plans could include events centered on
music, children, shopping, walking and food. REDLANDS
 Free ADHD workshop scheduled for Friday

A free Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder workshop will be held Friday for
parents with children up to 5 years old.

The workshop is 8 to 9 a.m. at the Lugonia Elementary School cafeteria, 202 E.
Pennsylvania Ave., Redlands.

It is hosted by Building A Generation and funded by the Children and Families
Commission for San Bernardino County.

For more information, call Cherie Burris at Lugonia Family Resource Center at
[909] 792-0298. RIALTO
 Development topic of council meeting

The Fontana City Council will discuss today a proposed 97-acre residential and
commercial development near the Rialto neighborhood of Las Colinas.

Empire Land wants to build a shopping center anchored by a grocery store and
several hundred houses and townhomes near Sierra Avenue and Duncan Canyon Road.

The council will vote on whether to adopt the environmental impact report. The
project would add 488 students to the Rialto school district and would extend
Terra Vista Drive west to Sierra.

The meeting will begin at 7 p.m. at City Hall, 8353 Sierra Ave. SAN BERNARDINO
 Teachers raise money for boy's funeral

Teachers at Monterey Elementary School have come together to help the family of
Tommy Carroll, the 16-year-old Highland boy who was shot and killed while
walking with a friend near his home last week.

Teachers are donating money to help Tommy's parents pay for his funeral. Tommy
was a student at Monterey Elementary School when he was younger. YUCAIPA
 Crafton offers Japanese class

Crafton Hills College is offering a beginning Japanese conversation course as
part of its work force development program. The class, which costs $60, will
meet from 6 to 8 p.m. Feb. 2, 9, 16 and 23 in the Occupational Education
Building, Room 214-A.

For more information, call [909] 389-3208.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                                 Copyright 2005


                              649 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 26, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: NAWG Weekly Up

LENGTH: 1032  words

DATELINE: Washington


National Association of Wheat Growers has issued the following news release:

NAWG Officers, Staff Attend Ag Rail Business Council Meeting in Fort Worth
The Ag Rail Business Council met this week in Fort Worth, Texas to continue
dialogue between growers and rail executives and promote mutual education of
both groups. Topics of discussion included perennial rail-related issues like
service and rail-rates and interactions with the Surface Transportation Board
(STB), the railroads' regulator. The coalition was established by agriculture
groups and BNSF Railway several years ago to promote dialogue between rail
companies and shippers. It includes representatives from the major commodity
organizations for growers of wheat, corn, soybeans and more. NAWG president Bing
Von Bergen, a farmer from Montana, who attended the meeting with second vice
president Brett Blankenship and NAWG staff, said "NAWG appreciates the
opportunity to continue to take part in the Ag Rail Business Council. This open
dialogue between farmers and their business partners in the rail industry helps
both parties find common ground, as well as solutions, to problems facing
agricultural shippers." For more on NAWG's transportation policy, visit
http://www.wheatworld.org/issues/transportation/.

NAWG Staff Meet with APHIS on the Grain Value Chain
NAWG staff attended a meeting with the Animal and Plant Health Inspection
Service at the U. S. Department of Agriculture on Tuesday. Kevin Shea,
Administrator at APHIS talked about issues and priorities for all parts of the
grain value chain. Administrator Shea said that APHIS is dedicated to promoting
a healthy and profitable agricultural industry in the U.S., and wants to carry
out its mission with input from stakeholders to ensure it is focusing its
resources on areas that will continue to support key sectors. Key topics of
discussion included non-tariff trade restrictions, including phytosanitary
restrictions, the asynchronous regulation of biotech events around the globe and
the lack of workable low level presence provisions for biotech traits in grains
traded in the U.S. and other countries. Other groups in attendance were the
American Soybean Association, North American Millers Association, National
Sorghum Producers, United States Dry Beans Council, North American Export Grain
Association, National Grain and Feed Association, USA Rice Federation and U.S.
Wheat Associates.

NAWG Annual Meeting Held February 25-27
NAWG will be hosting its annual meeting in conjunction with Commodity Classic in
San Antonio, Texas next week. The meeting schedule consists of committee
meetings as well as evening receptions. Stop by NAWG's booth to learn the latest
in the world of wheat and enter for a chance to win a Go-Pro camera and other
prizes. Commodity Classic is an annual convention and trade show of the wheat,
corn, soybean and sorghum industries. For a complete list of events at the
upcoming NAWG annual meeting visit
http://www.wheatworld.org/meetings-events/commodity-classic/.

Farmers' Access to Water Limited in California
USDA announced additional drought assistance to agricultural producers and rural
communities in California as the state water resources department announced
water restrictions for agriculture. The California Department of Water Resources
announced at the end of January that 2014 water deliveries for those in the
State Water Project (SWP) would be zero and that agriculture districts with
long-standing water rights in the Sacramento Valley may be cut 50 percent. The
U.S. Bureau of Reclamation and the California Department of Water Resources are
also working on a petition to be able to exchange water within areas served by
the SWP and the federal Central Valley Project. While in California last week,
President Obama and USDA Secretary Tom Vilsack announced livestock disaster
assistance, conservation assistance through the Environmental Quality Incentives
Program and the Emergency Watershed Program and funding from Rural Development's
Emergency Water Assistance Grants for communities experiencing water shortages.
During his remarks on a farm in California last Friday, President Obama said,
"These actions will help, but they're just the first step. We have to be clear:
A changing climate means that weather-related disasters like droughts,
wildfires, storms, floods are potentially going to be costlier and they're going
to be harsher."

Agricultural Outlook Forum Kicks Off
The annual Agricultural Outlook Forum is being held today just outside of the
district in Arlington, Va. Chief Economist at USDA, Joe Glauber, opened up the
forum announcing adjustments to the short-term forecasts for corn, soybeans,
wheat, rice and cotton. They are as follows: $3.90 a bushel for corn (from an
estimated $4.50 for the 2013 crop); $9.65 a bushel for soybeans (down from
$12.70); $5.30 a bushel for wheat (down from $6.80); $15.90 per hundredweight
for rice (down from $16); and 68 cents per pound for cotton (down from 76
cents). Dr. Glauber also stated that U.S. agriculture exports are estimated at
$142.6 billion for fiscal year 2014. The forum will continue tomorrow and will
include remarks from both Deputy Secretary Krysta Harden, and Secretary of
Agriculture Tom Vilsack. For more information on the Agricultural Outlook Forum,
visit USDA's website at http://www.usda.gov/oce/forum/

UEP Breaks Deal with HSUS
The United Egg Producers (UEP) released a statement this week stating that they
no longer plan to work with the Humane Society of the United States (HSUS) in an
effort to enact national cage standards. UEP president Chad Gregory stated,"
With the farm bill now concluded, UEP can confirm that it has ceased efforts to
pass the Egg Bill. UEP is now focused on exploring a range of options with the
objective of delivering much-needed business certainty to America's egg
farmers." Other livestock groups such as the National Cattlemen's Beef
Association and the National Pork Producers Council were opposed to the egg bill
due to concerns that it would set a national precedent and allow lawmakers to
regulate all on-farm animal practices.


For further information please visit: http://www.wheatworld.org

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              650 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                            March 28, 2015 Saturday

News in brief

SECTION: IL NEWS; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 444 words


Staff and wire reports

Chicago

Changes to disaster aid process sought

U.S. Sens. Mark Kirk and Dick Durbin are renewing their call for an update of
the methods the government uses to determine disaster assistance.

The Republican and the Democrat introduced Thursday what they call the Fairness
in Federal Disaster Declarations Act. The senators say the current system
discriminates against smaller communities in states with large population
centers.

The Federal Emergency Management Agency denied an Illinois request for federal
aid after the devastating tornadoes of November 2013.

The senators say their proposed legislation would benefit smaller communities
like Washington, which are unfairly hurt by outdated methodology.

The legislation is retroactive to 2012, which would mean FEMA could pick up the
tab for repairs made in Washington through $45 million in state grants.

The measure has been introduced twice previously without success.

Springfield

Grant writing workshops set

Three grant-writing workshops for farmers markets and local food promotions have
been scheduled for April, including one in Springfield.

The workshops are offered through University of Illinois Extension, the Regional
Rural Development Centers and the U.S. Department of Agriculture Marketing
Service

Each of the workshops is scheduled for 1-5 p.m. Dates and locations are:

n April 8 at Sangamon County Extension Office, 700 S. Airport Drive.

n April 15 at Jefferson County Extension Office, 4618 Broadway in Mount Vernon.

n April 23 at Lake County Extension Office, 100 S. U.S. 45 in Grayslake.

Additional information is available from Deborah Cavanaugh-Grant with the U of I
Extension at cvnghgrn@illinois.edu or 782-4617.

St. Louis

Ameren settles pollution lawsuit

St. Louis-based electric utility Ameren Missouri has settled a lawsuit involving
pollution of drinking water wells in St. Charles, west of St. Louis.

The St. Louis Post-Dispatch reported that Ameren settled a lawsuit last month
with several companies in charge of cleaning up contamination at the Hayford
Bridge Road Superfund site.

The lawsuit accused an Ameren substation of causing a plume of groundwater
contamination and said the plaintiff companies had paid to clean up the utility
's contamination. Terms of the settlement weren't disclosed.

Peoria

City appoints 'innovation officer'

Anthony Corso's initial duty in Peoria city government is related to sewers. If
it's successful, Peoria could end up smelling like a rose.

Corso's appointment as the city's first chief innovation officer was announced
Thursday. He begins work April 7 as part of a three-person team focused on use
of data to solve problems.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              651 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             July 28, 2009 Tuesday

Platteville crews grapple with aftermath

BYLINE: CRAIG D. REBER TH staff writer creber@wcinet.com

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 669 words


More severe weather blitzes Grant County A storm that hit Grant County on Monday
night was nowhere near the scale of the one Friday night, but it was still a
doozy. After millions of dollars in damage from wind, hail and a possible
tornado on Friday, the Platteville area was hit harder than most as scattered
storms moved through the area Monday, according to Nathan Waite, of the Grant
County Sherriff's Department. Sgt. Josh Grabandt, of the Platteville Police
Department, said the city was hit with an "hour-and-a-half of real hard rain."

On the plus side, no power outages were reported. "We had a few downed trees and
reports of flooded basements and streets," he said. Flooding was exacerbated by
debris from Friday's storms that clogged drainage systems, greatly reducing the
amount of water they could hold back from the streets, Grabandt said. Andrew
Brunner, TH staff writer PLATTEVILLE, Wis. - Cindy Robles, the city of
Platteville's Parks & Recreation director, remembers returning Saturday from an
out-of-town trip. "It was like, 'Wow,'" she said. "If you didn't know what had
happened, you'd think a tornado hit." What hit was a destructive storm that
swept through the region Friday night, leaving several millions of dollars of
damage in its wake. Howard Crofoot, Platteville's Public Works director,
reported a busy Monday. Over the weekend, people were moving limbs off their
property. The city's wood chippers and leaf machines got a workout. The city
normally picks up brush on the first and third Mondays each month. But because
of the storm, crews are out this week. Crofoot said the biggest cost is the
overtime work that his crews performed Friday night - estimated at a "few
thousand" dollars for overtime and equipment time. Home and business owners had
insurance adjusters assessing private property damage. Quarter-inch hail damaged
roofs and siding, and broke out windows. "It came down pretty hard and heavy for
a while there," Crofoot said, rating the storm an "eight or a nine" on a scale
of one to 10. "It was extremely intense for a relatively short period of time,"
Not only did private residences suffer tree damage, so did the city's 16 parks.
Robles reported eight to 10 trees uprooted - as well as large limbs knocked
down. On Saturday, a U-14 youth soccer game at Legion Park was faced with
cancellation. The game was played after the young teens picked up sticks and
limbs. On Monday, Grant County Board of Supervisors Chairman John Patcle issued
an emergency declaration in response to the widespread damages that were
reported from the severe storms and flash flooding. A local emergency
declaration is the first step in requesting state or federal assistance
following a major emergency or disaster event. A Uniform Disaster Situation
Report was submitted to Wisconsin Emergency Management on Saturday afternoon.
Current damage estimates include 1,000 homes and 200 businesses damaged. The
initial estimate of $3.25 million in residential damage likely will be
increased, according to Grant County Emergency Government Director Steve Braun.
Much of the damage generally is covered under homeowner insurance policies.
Public-sector damages reported to date include $301,000 for debris clearance and
damaged public infrastructure. Grant County plans to submit an application to
the Wisconsin Disaster Fund and/or the Department of Transportation Flood Damage
Aid Program for eligible damages on behalf of the affected communities,
including Platteville. Initial information suggests that the Wisconsin Disaster
Fund was depleted by the widespread flooding events of 2008 and that no
additional appropriations have been made to replenish the fund. A representative
from the state Department of Commerce is touring affected areas in southern
Grant County today. Patcle said Grant County likely will apply for funding
through the Community Development Block Grant-Emergency Assistance Program to
assist eligible homeowners with flood damages and other non-insured home
repairs.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              652 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 24, 2016 Thursday

Washington: CONGRESSMAN RUB\xC9N HINOJOSA ANNOUNCES $1.2 MILLION FEMA GRANT TO
THE CITY OF EDINBURG

LENGTH: 236  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Bill Ruben Hinojosa has issued the following news
release:



 Congressman Rubén Hinojosa (TX-15) announced that the Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA) awarded a more than $1.2 million dollar grant to the
City of Edinburg.  FEMA will pay $1.2 million - 75 percent of the total $1.6
million project cost to install a concrete pipeline along Rogers Road, extend
the Lull Drain, and reshape a drainage easement.





 "These storm water management projects will protect Edinburg North High School
and surrounding homes from severe damages of destructive flooding in our
region," Congressman Hinojosa said. "I have been proud to consistently support
appropriations for FEMA disaster assistance in Congress, without which this
grant would not be possible."



 "We are very appreciative of Congressman Hinojosa's continued efforts in
ensuring that we get federal dollars to improve our community," Edinburg Mayor
Richard H. Garcia said. "What this grant means is that we will immediately be
able to improve the drainage in an area of our City where people had water in
their homes two years ago.  While this particular area is included in the City's
Master Drainage Plan, this money speeds up the process.  I think the people in
this neighborhood will be extremely happy."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              653 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 24, 2016 Thursday

Washington: CONGRESSMAN RUB\xC9N HINOJOSA ANNOUNCES $1.2 MILLION FEMA GRANT TO
THE CITY OF EDINBURG

LENGTH: 236  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Bill Ruben Hinojosa has issued the following news
release:



 Congressman Rubén Hinojosa (TX-15) announced that the Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA) awarded a more than $1.2 million dollar grant to the
City of Edinburg.  FEMA will pay $1.2 million - 75 percent of the total $1.6
million project cost to install a concrete pipeline along Rogers Road, extend
the Lull Drain, and reshape a drainage easement.





 "These storm water management projects will protect Edinburg North High School
and surrounding homes from severe damages of destructive flooding in our
region," Congressman Hinojosa said. "I have been proud to consistently support
appropriations for FEMA disaster assistance in Congress, without which this
grant would not be possible."



 "We are very appreciative of Congressman Hinojosa's continued efforts in
ensuring that we get federal dollars to improve our community," Edinburg Mayor
Richard H. Garcia said. "What this grant means is that we will immediately be
able to improve the drainage in an area of our City where people had water in
their homes two years ago.  While this particular area is included in the City's
Master Drainage Plan, this money speeds up the process.  I think the people in
this neighborhood will be extremely happy."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              654 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Hills Gazette (Perth, Australia)

                             April 20, 2012 Friday
                                   1 Edition

Tanks for the help

SECTION: Pg. 7

LENGTH: 192  words


Volunteer bushfire brigade members Grant Scobie, Anne Woodward, Wes Smith and
Lou Kidd.

SEVEN new 38,000-litre tanks for Toodyays volunteer brigades will ensure
reliable water supplies to fight fires.

The State Governments dry season assistance scheme water tanks initiative
allocated more than $52,000 towards the tanks, and a number of local businesses
also chipped in by providing labour and services free of charge.

The tanks were officially handed over to the Town by Agricultural Region MPs Max
Trenorden and Grant Woodhams on Thursday.

Toodyay community emergency services manager Alan Knapp said the tanks and new
pumps would enable a quicker turnaround for refilling fire trucks.

The older gravity fed pumps had about a 20-minute turnaround time whereas the
new pumps can fill up a tanker in about five minutes, Mr Knapp said.

All the tanks are strategically placed so it will help the guys with water to
maximise the impact of their first strike at the fire. The faster the turnaround
for water, the faster the fire can be extinguished, which means better
protection for the community.

Mr Knapp said the tanks would serve Toodyay for the next 25 years.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CHG


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              655 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            February 15, 2013 Friday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

Schumer: Co-ops, condos need help, too

BYLINE: BY CLARE TRAPASSO NEW YORK DAILY NEWS

SECTION: SUBURBAN; Pg. 39

LENGTH: 433 words


NEW YORK'S senior senator is trying to ensure that storm-damaged co-ops and
condos receive their fair share of the $60 billion Sandy relief package.

Sen. Charles Schumer (D-N.Y.) sent a letter to the U.S. Department of Housing
and Urban Development on Wednesday urging the agency to create programs to help
co-op and condos.

Unlike single-family homes, the complexes are not eligible for Federal Emergency
Management Agency grants, but can apply for low-interest loans to help pay for
repairs.

"Condos and co-ops should be eligible for the same assistance as single-family
homes, and to say one can receive aid while the other can't makes no sense,"
Schumer said in a statement. "The federal government should allow some of the
funds from the Sandy aid bill to right this wrong."

HUD allotted $1.77 billion of the federal aid to New York City, which will
determine how to spend the Community Development Block Grant Disaster Recovery
funding.

If the city decides to fund grants for co-ops and condos, HUD officials said the
agency won't stand in the way.

Rockaway Beach Civic Association president Dolores Orr said she hopes some of
that money will come to the Dayton Beach Park Co-op, where she lives.

The roughly 1,150-unit complex was flooded and lost its boilers, water pumps,
hot water heaters and even its laundry room.

But the co-op's insurance isn't footing the entire bill for all of the needed
repairs, she said. And FEMA isn't helping either.

"We pay taxes just like everyone else," she said. "We need the same assistance
that's offered to other homeowners."

Bob Friedrich, president of Glen Oaks Village, a 3,000-unit co-op, said his
complex suffered about $300,000 in damage in the storm. But insurance only
covered about half of that, he said.

Co-ops are "where a lot of working-class families reside," he said. "If we were
a single-family homeowner, FEMA would be all over us helping us out."

The situation is just as bleak at many storm-ravaged condos.

Daniel Alvarez Jr., who sits on the board of the 43-unit Beach House, in
Rockaway Beach, said Sandy caused about $1 million in damages when it wiped out
the building's first floor.

The condo's flood insurance claim was denied, in what Alvarez believes was a
clerical error, and the board is still waiting on its wind insurance settlement.

They were also denied FEMA help and are waiting to learn if they've been
approved for a loan.

"We need grant money," said Alvarez, who said monthly condo fees could double or
triple without assistance. "We need to make repairs to the building to make it
liveable for everyone again."

ctrapasso@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sen. Charles Schumer (top) seeks federal programs to help storm-damaged
co-ops and condos, like the Dayton Beach Park Co-op (above) in Rockaway Beach.
Photos by Christie M. Farriella, Shawn Inglima

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Daily News, L.P.


                              656 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Port Macquarie News

                           December 1, 2016 Thursday
                                Internet Edition

SES recognises 1060 years of service to the community

LENGTH: 574 words


RELATED CONTENT:

SES trains on new equipment

The NSW State Emergency Service (NSW SES) honoured the many years of service to
the community provided by local SES volunteers during a long service awards
ceremony on November 26.

The awards ceremony in Port Macquarie involved recipients from Camden Haven,
Forster Pacific Palms, Gladstone, Kempsey, Mid North Coast Region, Nabiac, Port
Macquarie, Wauchope and Wingham NSW SES Units.

There were 64 awards presented including honours for 5, 10, 15, 20, 30, 35 and
45 years of service to the NSW SES.

In total, the 48 award recipients have provided 1060 years of volunteering to
their local communities.

The Port Macquarie-Hastings Unit members who received long service awards were,
David Chandler 20 years; Sereena Amos 10, Michael Brumby 10, Roger Gough 5,
Stuart Melville 5, William Steggal 15, Tori White 5 and Peter Young 15.

NSW SES Mid North Coast Acting Region Controller Tony Day said, the awards
ceremony recognised the outstanding contribution and commitment of long serving
local SES volunteers to the safety of their communities in times of need.

Minister for Emergency Services David Elliott and Member for Port Macquarie
Leslie Williams on November 29 opened a new $215,000 Marine Rescue NSW training
facility and boat shed in Harrington.

"Members of the Crowdy/Harrington unit now have the benefit of a dedicated
facility for their training activities," Mr Elliott said.

"The training facility is equipped with integrated technology, a kitchen and
amenities, as well as undercover protection for the unit's response vessel,
Crowdy 20, fuel utility and other equipment."

Mr Elliott also honoured 48 volunteers from NSW State Emergency Service (NSW
SES) Mid-North Coast Region who received National Medals and Long Service
Awards. The recipients had more than 1060 years of experience between them.

"These awards are in recognition of the outstanding efforts shown by these 48
members who have dedicated many years to volunteering in the SES," he said.

SES Port Macquarie Hasting Unit received a ClubGRANTS of $34,900 to build a
large outdoor shelter for sand bagging, training and storage. SES Camden Haven
Unit received a $5000 grant for rescue equipment and water rescue dummies.

Mrs Williams paid tribute to the volunteers in the Port Macquarie region for
assisting the community during floods, storms and other emergencies.

"The local community can be assured that Marine Rescue NSW and SES are equipped
to help them in a time of crisis," she said.

"Their committed effort responding to emergencies are greatly respected in the
community."

In Mr Elliott's capacity as the Minister for Veterans Affairs, he also awarded a
$1000 grant for the Crowdy Head War Memorial, which opened in 2002.

The funds will go toward replacing two flagpoles on either side of the memorial.

Over the last 12 months, NSW SES Mid North Coast Region Units have responded to
over 1423 requests for assistance within their respective Local Government
Areas, equating to 29,972 hours of volunteered service.

Members from NSW SES Mid North Coast Region Units have also been involved in
providing assistance to NSW SES Units in the Western Regions, with over 50
deployments, during the prolonged flood operations experienced this year.

Anyone interested in volunteering for the NSW SES can order a Volunteer
Information Pack by calling 1800 201 000 or visit the NSW SES website
www.ses.nsw.gov.au/volunteering/ for more information.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              657 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Port Macquarie News

                           December 1, 2016 Thursday
                                Internet Edition

SES recognises 1060 years of service to the community

LENGTH: 574 words


RELATED CONTENT:

SES trains on new equipment

The NSW State Emergency Service (NSW SES) honoured the many years of service to
the community provided by local SES volunteers during a long service awards
ceremony on November 26.

The awards ceremony in Port Macquarie involved recipients from Camden Haven,
Forster Pacific Palms, Gladstone, Kempsey, Mid North Coast Region, Nabiac, Port
Macquarie, Wauchope and Wingham NSW SES Units.

There were 64 awards presented including honours for 5, 10, 15, 20, 30, 35 and
45 years of service to the NSW SES.

In total, the 48 award recipients have provided 1060 years of volunteering to
their local communities.

The Port Macquarie-Hastings Unit members who received long service awards were,
David Chandler 20 years; Sereena Amos 10, Michael Brumby 10, Roger Gough 5,
Stuart Melville 5, William Steggal 15, Tori White 5 and Peter Young 15.

NSW SES Mid North Coast Acting Region Controller Tony Day said, the awards
ceremony recognised the outstanding contribution and commitment of long serving
local SES volunteers to the safety of their communities in times of need.

Minister for Emergency Services David Elliott and Member for Port Macquarie
Leslie Williams on November 29 opened a new $215,000 Marine Rescue NSW training
facility and boat shed in Harrington.

"Members of the Crowdy/Harrington unit now have the benefit of a dedicated
facility for their training activities," Mr Elliott said.

"The training facility is equipped with integrated technology, a kitchen and
amenities, as well as undercover protection for the unit's response vessel,
Crowdy 20, fuel utility and other equipment."

Mr Elliott also honoured 48 volunteers from NSW State Emergency Service (NSW
SES) Mid-North Coast Region who received National Medals and Long Service
Awards. The recipients had more than 1060 years of experience between them.

"These awards are in recognition of the outstanding efforts shown by these 48
members who have dedicated many years to volunteering in the SES," he said.

SES Port Macquarie Hasting Unit received a ClubGRANTS of $34,900 to build a
large outdoor shelter for sand bagging, training and storage. SES Camden Haven
Unit received a $5000 grant for rescue equipment and water rescue dummies.

Mrs Williams paid tribute to the volunteers in the Port Macquarie region for
assisting the community during floods, storms and other emergencies.

"The local community can be assured that Marine Rescue NSW and SES are equipped
to help them in a time of crisis," she said.

"Their committed effort responding to emergencies are greatly respected in the
community."

In Mr Elliott's capacity as the Minister for Veterans Affairs, he also awarded a
$1000 grant for the Crowdy Head War Memorial, which opened in 2002.

The funds will go toward replacing two flagpoles on either side of the memorial.

Over the last 12 months, NSW SES Mid North Coast Region Units have responded to
over 1423 requests for assistance within their respective Local Government
Areas, equating to 29,972 hours of volunteered service.

Members from NSW SES Mid North Coast Region Units have also been involved in
providing assistance to NSW SES Units in the Western Regions, with over 50
deployments, during the prolonged flood operations experienced this year.

Anyone interested in volunteering for the NSW SES can order a Volunteer
Information Pack by calling 1800 201 000 or visit the NSW SES website
www.ses.nsw.gov.au/volunteering/ for more information.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              658 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 10, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: UPS Foundation Provides $7 Million in Support of Community Safety
Initiatives

LENGTH: 202  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Foundation Center, The State of Utah has issued the following news release:

Community safety grants were awarded to a variety of relief organizations,
including the American Red Cross, CARE USA, the Salvation Army, the United
Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, and the World Food Programme. Nonprofits
awarded grants in support of road safety initiatives include the Boys and Girls
Club of Canada, the National Foundation for the Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention, Hands on Shanghai Limited, Johanniter-Unfall-Hilfe e.V., UK Youth,
and the FIA Foundation - Road Safety Fund.

The foundation also partnered with the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF)
to airfreight 220,000 pounds of emergency aid -- including health and sanitation
kits, food, tents, mats, water, and education supplies -- to displaced Syrian
families and children in the Kurdistan region of Iraq.

"Making a lasting difference around the world is a part of the UPS Foundation's
mission," said the foundation's president, Eduardo Martinez. "Our organization
is proud to work with UNICEF to respond to the humanitarian crisis affecting the
millions of displaced Syrians."

For further information please visit: http://foundationcenter.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              659 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                    July 19, 1999, Monday, FIVE STAR EDITION

COUNTY BOARD WILL AWARD $ 885,000 IN COMMUNITY AID;
ASSISTANCE IS BEING PASSED ALONG FROM FEDERAL AGENCY;
MONEY WILL GO TOWARD PUBLIC PROJECTS

BYLINE: Heather Ratcliffe; Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: MADISON COUNTY POST, Pg. 1

LENGTH: 534 words

DATELINE: EDWARDSVILLE


Communities across Madison County will receive almost a million dollars to
upgrade their public facilities.

The County Board will vote to award $ 885,000 in grants at its regular meeting
Wednesday. Funding for the awards is from the U.S. Department of Housing and
Urban Development.

The grants must be awarded to communities meeting one of three national
objectives: helping low to moderate income neighborhoods, reducing slums and
blight and meeting an urgent environmental need, said Cheryl Jouett, director of
county community development.

The board's grants committee approved a recommendation of grants for seven
municipalities and townships. Their recommendations include:

* City of Venice - $ 112,500 to improve sewer conditions at 16 locations around
the city. The total cost of the project is $ 125,000.

* City of Madison - $ 112,500 for a new emergency warning siren system. The
total cost of the project is $ 125,000.

* Village of Alhambra - $ 125,000 for improvements to the sanitary sewer system.
The total cost of the project is $ 445,840.

* Village of Hartford - $ 125,000 for separating the sewer system on Watkins,
Elm and Forest Streets. The total cost of the project is $ 144,000.

* Leef Township - $ 10,000 to demolish and replace the Suess Bridge. The total
cost is $ 567,500.

* Nameoki Township - $ 125,000 for an extension of the sewer in the State Park
Place area. The total is $ 137,500.

* Chouteau Township - $ 75,000 for a new roof on the senior community center.
The total cost of the project is $ 100,000.

* Madison County - $ 75,000 for an elevator in a new county office. The total
cost of the project is $ 100,000.

* Village of East Alton - $ 125,000 for a sewer project. Total cost of the
project is $ 500,000.

About 22 communities applied for the funding. Grant winners from last year were
not given consideration during the selection process.

The community development department reviews the applications and assigns each
city points based on need and qualifications, Jouett said.

The department published the points and then allowed each community to give
input about the results before they were presented to the county board
committee.

Communities that did not receive a grant can also apply to the county for a
low-interest loan for development projects.

John Hamm, mayor of Madison, said he was ecstatic his city was recommended for
the grant. The emergency warning system in his town needs to be replaced to
insure the safety of the residents, he said.

"We have the old horn system," Hamm said "Sometimes they work. Sometimes they
don't."

Madison will replace the system with a voice activated siren that police can
access from their patrol cars, he said.

The money for Chouteau Township will help fulfill a desperate need, said Pat
Polley, township supervisor. Rain water won't drain off the roof of the senior
center causing it to deteriorate over the last few years. Birds and other
animals get into open holes in the roof.

"We really need the money," Polley said. "We have submitted the same proposal
for the last three years."

The senior center was built in the late 1970s. It also houses township offices.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              660 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                     January 23, 2016 Saturday 2:25 PM GMT

How Flint traded safe drinking water for cost-cutting plan that didn't work;
The decision to switch the Michigan city's drinking water source to the Flint
River was aimed at saving $5m but almost two years later the cost to treat the
water supply carries a tag of $45m and it's climbing

BYLINE: Ryan Felton in Detroit

SECTION: US NEWS

LENGTH: 617 words


The decision to switch the city of Flint's drinking water source to the Flint
River was pegged as a cost-cutting maneuver aimed at saving $5m over a two-year
period. But almost two years and a massive lead contamination crisis later, that
move and subsequent decisions not to treat the water supply already carry a
financial price tag of $45m and climbing.

Since early October, when Michigan governor Rick Snyder first conceded that lead
contamination in the Rust Belt community of 100,000 was far more serious than he
initially understood, state and federal agencies have pledged at least $45m to
address the ongoing crisis, including:


     ·    In October, Snyder announced a $12m plan to transfer Flint back to the
          city of Detroit's water system. The state covered half the cost, while
          Flint kicked in $2m and the Charles Stewart Mott Foundation
          contributed $4m.
     ·    Last week, president Barack Obama approved Snyder's request to declare
          a federal emergency in Flint, providing $5m in financial assistance
          through the Federal Emergency Management Agency for additional water,
          water filters, and water test kits.
     ·    On Tuesday, during his state of the state address, Snyder promised a
          $28m aid package for the city of Flint that includes $17.2 million for
          bottled water and filters; $3m for city utilities for loss of revenue;
          and nearly $4m for behavioral health care for children with elevated
          blood lead levels. The plan has since been approved by the Michigan
          House, and is pending in the state Senate.


That number is expected to climb, and doesn't include the cost of infrastructure
improvements Snyder is now seeking. Snyder has said his upcoming budget proposal
will likely include a request for additional funds. But with estimates
suggesting the price tag to overhaul Flint's water infrastructure is between
$750m-$1.5bn, officials have said the assistance isn't nearly enough.

At the US conference of mayors in Washington DC this week, Flint mayor Karen
Weaver said the city "needs to be made a priority" by the state and federal
government.

"This is bigger than the city can handle financially ... so we need some federal
assistance," Weaver said. What [Snyder] talked about is a very good start, but
we deserve more resources, and more finances as a result of this."

For decades, the city relied on the Detroit water system to provide water. But
in the face of financial calamity, in early 2014, a state-appointed emergency
manager running the city green-lighted the switch to a local source.

By last February, the costs to address water quality issues in the city started
to accumulate. As tensions in Flint started to grow over the city's water
quality, the state government provided a $2m grant for "water system
enhancements" in Flint.

It was also confirmed this week that Michigan will receive $80m in funds from
the federal government for water infrastructure improvements. The state will
decide how much is appropriate to Flint, but Snyder previously asked the Federal
Emergency Management Agency to provide upwards of $54m for infrastructure
upgrades as part of Snyder's $96m request for Obama to declare Flint a disaster
zone.

The governor has since appealed the decision, which said Flint's crisis didn't
meet the legal definition of a "major disaster," as it was not the result of a
natural catastrophe.

The least quantifiable financial costs likely to face the city will be those of
monitoring and treating the current and future health problems of Flint
residents from their lead contamination.

It could be months, if ever, before it's determined how many residents have
experienced elevated blood lead levels. State officials have said all children
in the city should be treated as if they were exposed.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              661 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                     January 23, 2016 Saturday 1:53 PM GMT

How Flint traded safe drinking water for cost-cutting plan that didn't work;
The decision to switch the city of Flint's drinking water source to the Flint
River was aimed at saving $5m but almost two years later the cost to treat the
water supply carries a tag of $45m and it's climbing

BYLINE: Ryan Felton in Detroit

SECTION: US NEWS

LENGTH: 617 words


The decision to switch the city of Flint's drinking water source to the Flint
River was pegged as a cost-cutting maneuver aimed at saving $5m over a two-year
period. But almost two years and a massive lead contamination crisis later, that
move and subsequent decisions not to treat the water supply already carry a
financial price tag of $45m and climbing.

Since early October, when Michigan governor Rick Snyder first conceded that lead
contamination in the Rust Belt community of 100,000 was far more serious than he
initially understood, state and federal agencies have pledged at least $45m to
address the ongoing crisis, including:


     ·    In October, Snyder announced a $12m plan to transfer Flint back to the
          city of Detroit's water system. The state covered half the cost, while
          Flint kicked in $2m and the Charles Stewart Mott Foundation
          contributed $4m.
     ·    Last week, president Barack Obama approved Snyder's request to declare
          a federal emergency in Flint, providing $5m in financial assistance
          through the Federal Emergency Management Agency for additional water,
          water filters, and water test kits.
     ·    On Tuesday, during his state of the state address, Snyder promised a
          $28m aid package for the city of Flint that includes $17.2 million for
          bottled water and filters; $3m for city utilities for loss of revenue;
          and nearly $4m for behavioral health care for children with elevated
          blood lead levels. The plan has since been approved by the Michigan
          House, and is pending in the state Senate.


That number is expected to climb, and doesn't include the cost of infrastructure
improvements Snyder is now seeking. Snyder has said his upcoming budget proposal
will likely include a request for additional funds. But with estimates
suggesting the price tag to overhaul Flint's water infrastructure is between
$750m-$1.5bn, officials have said the assistance isn't nearly enough.

At the US conference of mayors in Washington DC this week, Flint mayor Karen
Weaver said the city "needs to be made a priority" by the state and federal
government.

"This is bigger than the city can handle financially ... so we need some federal
assistance," Weaver said. What [Snyder] talked about is a very good start, but
we deserve more resources, and more finances as a result of this."

For decades, the city relied on the Detroit water system to provide water. But
in the face of financial calamity, in early 2014, a state-appointed emergency
manager running the city green-lighted the switch to a local source.

By last February, the costs to address water quality issues in the city started
to accumulate. As tensions in Flint started to grow over the city's water
quality, the state government provided a $2m grant for "water system
enhancements" in Flint.

It was also confirmed this week that Michigan will receive $80m in funds from
the federal government for water infrastructure improvements. The state will
decide how much is appropriate to Flint, but Snyder previously asked the Federal
Emergency Management Agency to provide upwards of $54m for infrastructure
upgrades as part of Snyder's $96m request for Obama to declare Flint a disaster
zone.

The governor has since appealed the decision, which said Flint's crisis didn't
meet the legal definition of a "major disaster," as it was not the result of a
natural catastrophe.

The least quantifiable financial costs likely to face the city will be those of
monitoring and treating the current and future health problems of Flint
residents from their lead contamination.

It could be months, if ever, before it's determined how many residents have
experienced elevated blood lead levels. State officials have said all children
in the city should be treated as if they were exposed.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              662 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                The Jordan Times

                           November 19, 2013 Tuesday

German grant to improve water supply for Syrian refugees

LENGTH: 260  words


AMMAN -- Jordan and Germany on Tuesday signed a grant agreement of 10 million
euros (around JD9.5 million) to improve water supply for Syrian refugees and
host communities in the northern region.

Planning Minister Ibrahim Saif and Water Minister Hazem Nasser signed the
agreement on behalf of the government, while Wolfgang Reuss, director of the
German Development Bank (KfW) for the Middle East and North Africa, and Silvia
Paschke, KfW country manager for Jordan, signed on behalf of the German
government, a Planning Ministry statement said.

The grant builds on the first phase of the water supply for Syrian refugees
project (9.35 million euros), which is currently being implemented, according to
a KfW statement e-mailed to The Jordan Times.

The investment measures of the first phase have a focus on Irbid, Mafraq and
Ramtha and might be extended to Azraq in the second phase, the KfW statement
said, adding that these projects are designed as emergency measures as they seek
to relieve the stressed water situation in the short to medium term.

The first and second phases of the emergency measures include investments in the
rehabilitation of water wells, water supply networks and equipment.

The KfW finances investments and advisory services in developing countries on
behalf of the German federal ministry for economic cooperation and development.

Financial cooperation with Jordan started in the beginning of the 1960s, the KfW
statement said.

The main focus of this cooperation is water and sanitation, with ongoing
projects amounting to 500 million euros.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 62


                        Copyright 2013 The Jordan Times.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              663 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                           November 4, 2015 Wednesday

Agriculture Department to offer $344m for water and wastewater projects in US

SECTION: WATER SUPPLY; Investment Updates

LENGTH: 314 words



HIGHLIGHT: US Department of Agriculture (USDA) has announced a $30m investment
for quality improvements in Mississippi River Basin and allowed loans and grants
of $314m for water and wastewater infrastructure improvements in rural
communities.


US Department of Agriculture (USDA) has announced a $30m investment for quality
improvements in Mississippi River Basin and allowed loans and grants of $314m
for water and wastewater infrastructure improvements in rural communities.

The agency intends to spend $30m this year through its Natural Resources
Conservation Service (NRCS) for 33 new projects and 40 existing projects to
improve water quality in high priority watersheds in the Mississippi River
Basin.

The USDA supported projects under NRCS' Mississippi River Basin Healthy
Watersheds Initiative (MRBI) are aimed at bringing down the nutrient and
sediment losses to water which gradually flows into the Gulf of Mexico.

USDA secretary Tom Vilsack said: "By targeting small priority watersheds within
the Mississippi River basin, we are helping to deliver local water quality
benefits and contributing to large-scale improvements for the Basin as a whole.

"Water quality is important to everyone, at all levels of government, to private
landowners, and in rural and urban areas alike.

The many partnerships created through this initiative are both impressive and
promising to the future of these watersheds."

Additionally, the agency has allowed $314m in loans and grants for 141 projects,
which will develop and better water and wastewater infrastructure in rural
communities across the country.

While $299m of the total amount will be forwarded to 88 projects under the Water
and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program, remaining $15m will be offered as 53
grants under USDA's Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant (ECWAG) program.

Vilsack said: "Many rural communities need to upgrade and repair their water and
wastewater systems, but often lack the resources to do so.

"These loans and grants will help accomplish this goal. USDA's support for
infrastructure improvements is an essential part of building strong rural
economies."

LOAD-DATE: November 05, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              664 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                     January 23, 2016 Saturday 11:09 PM GMT

How Flint traded safe drinking water for cost-cutting plan that didn't work;
The decision to switch the Michigan city's drinking water source to the Flint
River was aimed at saving $5m but almost two years later the cost to treat the
water supply carries a tag of $45m and it's climbing

BYLINE: Ryan Felton in Detroit

SECTION: US NEWS

LENGTH: 617 words


The decision to switch the city of Flint's drinking water source to the Flint
River was pegged as a cost-cutting maneuver aimed at saving $5m over a two-year
period. But almost two years and a massive lead contamination crisis later, that
move and subsequent decisions not to treat the water supply already carry a
financial price tag of $45m and climbing.

Since early October, when Michigan governor Rick Snyder first conceded that lead
contamination in the Rust Belt community of 100,000 was far more serious than he
initially understood, state and federal agencies have pledged at least $45m to
address the ongoing crisis, including:


     ·    In October, Snyder announced a $12m plan to transfer Flint back to the
          city of Detroit's water system. The state covered half the cost, while
          Flint kicked in $2m and the Charles Stewart Mott Foundation
          contributed $4m.
     ·    Last week, Barack Obama approved Snyder's request to declare a federal
          emergency in Flint, providing $5m in financial assistance through the
          Federal Emergency Management Agency for additional water, water
          filters and water test kits.
     ·    On Tuesday, during his state of the state address, Snyder promised a
          $28m aid package for the city of Flint that includes $17.2m for
          bottled water and filters; $3m for city utilities for loss of revenue;
          and nearly $4m for behavioral health care for children with elevated
          blood lead levels. The plan has since been approved by the Michigan
          house of representatives, and is pending in the state senate.


That number is expected to climb, and doesn't include the cost of infrastructure
improvements Snyder is now seeking. Snyder has said his upcoming budget proposal
will likely include a request for additional funds. But with estimates
suggesting the price tag to overhaul Flint's water infrastructure is between
$750m and $1.5bn, officials have said the assistance isn't nearly enough.

At the US conference of mayors in Washington DC this week, Flint mayor Karen
Weaver said the city "needs to be made a priority" by the state and federal
government.

"This is bigger than the city can handle financially ... so we need some federal
assistance," Weaver said. What [Snyder] talked about is a very good start, but
we deserve more resources, and more finances as a result of this."

For decades, the city relied on the Detroit water system to provide water. But
in the face of financial calamity, in early 2014, a state-appointed emergency
manager running the city green-lighted the switch to a local source.

By last February, the costs to address water quality issues in the city started
to accumulate. As tensions in Flint started to grow over the city's water
quality, the state government provided a $2m grant for "water system
enhancements" in Flint.

It was also confirmed this week that Michigan will receive $80m in funds from
the federal government for water infrastructure improvements. The state will
decide how much is appropriate to Flint, but Snyder previously asked the Federal
Emergency Management Agency to provide upwards of $54m for infrastructure
upgrades as part of Snyder's $96m request for Obama to declare Flint a disaster
zone.

The governor has since appealed the decision, which said Flint's crisis didn't
meet the legal definition of a "major disaster", as it was not the result of a
natural catastrophe.

The least quantifiable financial costs likely to face the city will be those of
monitoring and treating the current and future health problems of Flint
residents from their lead contamination.

It could be months, if ever, before it's determined how many residents have
experienced elevated blood lead levels. State officials have said all children
in the city should be treated as if they were exposed.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              665 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                     January 23, 2016 Saturday 2:49 PM GMT

How Flint traded safe drinking water for cost-cutting plan that didn't work;
The decision to switch the Michigan city's drinking water source to the Flint
River was aimed at saving $5m but almost two years later the cost to treat the
water supply carries a tag of $45m and it's climbing

BYLINE: Ryan Felton in Detroit

SECTION: US NEWS

LENGTH: 617 words


The decision to switch the city of Flint's drinking water source to the Flint
River was pegged as a cost-cutting maneuver aimed at saving $5m over a two-year
period. But almost two years and a massive lead contamination crisis later, that
move and subsequent decisions not to treat the water supply already carry a
financial price tag of $45m and climbing.

Since early October, when Michigan governor Rick Snyder first conceded that lead
contamination in the Rust Belt community of 100,000 was far more serious than he
initially understood, state and federal agencies have pledged at least $45m to
address the ongoing crisis, including:


     ·    In October, Snyder announced a $12m plan to transfer Flint back to the
          city of Detroit's water system. The state covered half the cost, while
          Flint kicked in $2m and the Charles Stewart Mott Foundation
          contributed $4m.
     ·    Last week, Barack Obama approved Snyder's request to declare a federal
          emergency in Flint, providing $5m in financial assistance through the
          Federal Emergency Management Agency for additional water, water
          filters, and water test kits.
     ·    On Tuesday, during his state of the state address, Snyder promised a
          $28m aid package for the city of Flint that includes $17.2m for
          bottled water and filters; $3m for city utilities for loss of revenue;
          and nearly $4m for behavioral health care for children with elevated
          blood lead levels. The plan has since been approved by the Michigan
          house of representatives, and is pending in the state senate.


That number is expected to climb, and doesn't include the cost of infrastructure
improvements Snyder is now seeking. Snyder has said his upcoming budget proposal
will likely include a request for additional funds. But with estimates
suggesting the price tag to overhaul Flint's water infrastructure is between
$750m-$1.5bn, officials have said the assistance isn't nearly enough.

At the US conference of mayors in Washington DC this week, Flint mayor Karen
Weaver said the city "needs to be made a priority" by the state and federal
government.

"This is bigger than the city can handle financially ... so we need some federal
assistance," Weaver said. What [Snyder] talked about is a very good start, but
we deserve more resources, and more finances as a result of this."

For decades, the city relied on the Detroit water system to provide water. But
in the face of financial calamity, in early 2014, a state-appointed emergency
manager running the city green-lighted the switch to a local source.

By last February, the costs to address water quality issues in the city started
to accumulate. As tensions in Flint started to grow over the city's water
quality, the state government provided a $2m grant for "water system
enhancements" in Flint.

It was also confirmed this week that Michigan will receive $80m in funds from
the federal government for water infrastructure improvements. The state will
decide how much is appropriate to Flint, but Snyder previously asked the Federal
Emergency Management Agency to provide upwards of $54m for infrastructure
upgrades as part of Snyder's $96m request for Obama to declare Flint a disaster
zone.

The governor has since appealed the decision, which said Flint's crisis didn't
meet the legal definition of a "major disaster", as it was not the result of a
natural catastrophe.

The least quantifiable financial costs likely to face the city will be those of
monitoring and treating the current and future health problems of Flint
residents from their lead contamination.

It could be months, if ever, before it's determined how many residents have
experienced elevated blood lead levels. State officials have said all children
in the city should be treated as if they were exposed.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2016 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              666 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 27, 2013 Tuesday

Menendez Announces $9.6 Million in Federal Sandy Relief for NJDOT, Passaic
Valley Sewerage Commission

LENGTH: 417  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Robert Menendez, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senator Robert Menendez (D-NJ) today announced $9,602,669.71 in federal
Sandy relief grants to New Jersey State Department of Transportation and the
Passaic Valley Sewerage Commission. The funding is provided by the Federal
Emergency Management Agency's (FEMA) Public Assistance grant program.

"This funding helps cover many of the costs associated with restoring critical
public facilities and utilities damaged by Superstorm Sandy," said Senator
Menendez, who helped lead the New Jersey delegation in the fight for federal
Sandy relief.  "Federal Sandy relief not only helps the agencies that receive
it, but also helps the entire state continue on its path to full recovery from
the storm. And I am committed to making sure that New Jersey continues to
receive the resources we need to come back better and stronger than before the
storm."

The federal Sandy relief funding announced today includes:

A total of $8,177,317.07 to the Passaic Valley sewerage Commission that
includes:
        $1,161,828.25 to remove storm debris from around 56 sewerage facilities
that are located on a 140-acre complex.
        $3,026,879.43 to repair the primary clarifier facility damaged as a
result of Superstorm Sandy in order to restore partial services.
        $1,739,581.24 to repair the sludge storage and decant facilities damaged
as a result of the storm.
        $2,249,027.15 account to repair the underground tunnel facilities that
contain the electrical and water services damaged as a result of the storm.

$1,425,352.64 to the N.J. Department of Transportation help reimburse the cost
to contractors to perform sonar identification of hazardous debris deposited in
198 nautical miles of navigation channels in the Raritan Bayshore, Monmouth,
Ocean, Burlington, Atlantic and Cape May shore areas along the coast of New
Jersey.

In January, President Barack Obama signed the Superstorm Sandy Supplemental
Appropriations bill into law, bringing the total Sandy aid enacted by Congress
to $60.2 billion.  The funding package included federal aid to help homeowners,
businesses, and communities recover, and resources to rebuild coastal,
transportation, and water infrastructure.

Public Assistance grants are awarded by FEMA on a rolling basis after receiving
applications from the state, which coordinates the process with local
governments.

For further information please visit: http://www.menendez.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              667 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            February 16, 2015 Monday

Japan provides assistance to 4 NGOs

LENGTH: 403  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


The Government of Japan has decided to
extend financial support totalling US$ 360,950 (approx. Rs. 36 million)
to four Non Governmental Organisations (NGOs) for the implementation of social
development projects in disadvantaged areas of the country.


      The NGOs include Ameer Begum Welfare Trust, Al-Mujtaba Development
Network, Community Development and Anti TB Program, and Obaid Noor Welfare
Association, said a statement here.
      The agreements for the four projects were signed on Monday, here
between Hiroshi Inomata, Ambassador of Japan to Pakistan and the heads of the
four organisations.
      Ameer Begum Welfare Trust will utilise its grant of US$ 82,282 for
the installation of 6 water filter plants in rural areas of District Okara that
are suffering from a high prevalence water borne disease due to the
unavailability of safe drinking water.
      The grant of US$ 78,833 to Al-Mujtaba Development Network will be
used for the improvement of the water supply and sanitation system in a remote
part of District Muzaffarabad.
      The grant of US$ 98,138 to Community Development and Anti TB
Program on the other hand will enable the construction of a village road
in District Narowal, in order to enhance community accessibility of facilities
in the town center.
      Finally, the grant of US$ 101,697 to Obaid Noor Welfare Association
will result in the construction of a maternity and emergency hospital in
a neglected part of District Mianwali.
      At the signing ceremony, Ambassador Inomata emphasised the
importance of improving access to health, water and infrastructure facilities
particularly in rural areas of the country.
      He expressed his hope that the projects supported today will
contribute to Pakistan's goal of eliminating rural and urban disparities
in term of essential facilities which in turn can contribute to
sustainable local development.
      In doing so, these projects would certainly strengthen the friendly
relations between the people of Japan and Pakistan.
      Last week agreements for three other projects in the field of
education were signed. In addition, agreements for eight other projects
on education, health and infrastructure were signed in September and November,
2014.
      Hence, the amount the Government of Japan provided to Pakistani NGOs
during the current Japanese Fiscal Year (which starts in April) adds up
to US$ 1,386,114 in total.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              668 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                      April 12, 2002 Friday, FINAL Edition

Drought is a disaster, regardless of feds' view;
Gov. King's request includes the numbers needed to show the scope of the crisis.

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 359 words


Armed with exactly the kind of facts needed to make his case, Gov. King has
requested that Maine be declared a federal disaster area. While the "severe
weather" that triggers such declarations is usually characterized by too much
precipitation - hurricanes, floods and blizzards, for example - this state's
slow-motion crisis deserves a federal response.

King's request comes after a poll commissioned by the state found that 1 percent
of the wells in Maine are currently dry and that 8 percent are seriously
threatened by low water levels. That may not sound like much, but converted to
"real numbers," the data suggest that as many as 2,300 Maine families are now
without drinking water. In the last year, researchers say, between 16,599 and
17,372 households have seen their wells go dry for some period of time.

Another 18,400 families remain in trouble if help - either in the form of rain
or federal aid - doesn't arrive soon.

A Federal Emergency Management Agency emergency declaration would likely release
funds for private well owners and public drinking supplies. Extremely low-income
residents would be eligible for grants to dig deeper wells, while low- and
middle-income residents could qualify for low-interest loans. Community drinking
water providers might be able to get assistance for new wells and
infrastructure.

That would be incredibly important, because now most dug-well owners are faced
with a difficult choice: either find the $5,000 or so needed to drill a new
well, or hope for a lot of rain soon.

Unfortunately, a federal disaster declaration in response to a drought is
practically unprecedented. No state has ever received aid because of drought
conditions, and Maine is unlikely to be the first.

The lack of a disaster declaration, however, is not the same as a lack of a
disaster. Now that the state fully understands the scope of the problem, it
should develop a back-up plan to help families and communities in need. In fact,
the research the state has done makes it clear that the scope of the problem
requires further action, regardless of whether the federal government is willing
to chip in.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2002 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                              669 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                              May 22, 2006 Monday

Water they waiting for?

BYLINE: By DAVID SILVERSTEIN, Sun Staff

SECTION: TODAY'S HEADLINES

LENGTH: 711 words


LOWELL -- As community leaders from cities and towns throughout Massachusetts
met with Gov. Mitt Romney to discuss the progress of the state and federal
responses to recent floods, homeowners set about the arduous task of trying to
render their homes habitable once again.

The session, which was attended by Lowell City Manager John Cox and Assistant
City Manager T.J. McCarthy, did not result in any public declaration, though
Romney did say during a media session that officials from the Federal Emergency
Management Agency, who have been in state for several days surveying damaged
homes and business, have completed and submitted their assessment of the
situation. It is now up to FEMA to decide if it is going to dispense grants to
affected homeowners.

However, Romney warned that if the grants are awarded, the maximum amount will
be $27,000 -- and most would be "considerably less than that."

Romney announced yesterday in Boston that residents may find out as early as
today if they are eligible for federal assistance to help with flood damage.

Many victims, though, aren't waiting for government dollars to get started with
their recovery.

In the Alma Street vicinity, one of the hardest-hit neighborhoods in Lowell, the
streets were buzzing with trucks, heavy equipment and people working tirelessly
to prevent mold from infesting houses.

At home after home throughout the neighborhood, ever-expanding stacks of
splintered wood and split vinyl siding were piled jaggedly along the side of the
road. Large trash receptacles, positioned at various locations, were filled to
the brim with the same refuse, in addition to furniture, clothing, appliances
and other household items that had been soiled and stained by the now-receded
floodwaters.

The clatter and crack of hammers at work rebounded throughout the area as crews
made up of friends, neighbors, relatives and, in some cases, even strangers,
smashed, ripped and pulled at the ruined drywall and exterior siding, exposing
particle-board exteriors and the skeletal framing of two-by-fours inside.

The response from the community, though not wholly unexpected by residents,
still moved them.

"We knew we could count on our friends, family and neighbors, but this
outpouring from everyone else has been outstanding," said Rene Proulx, 36, of
Alma Street. "There's a lot of good people left in the world, and they've really
come out in force. I'm proud of what is going on down here."

His sentiment was common, and up and down the street, people had either
purchased or grilled food for the many workers.

Despite the sliver of a silver lining, the financial aspect of recovery remains
a question mark for many.

Though some do have flood insurance, the $5,000 deductible is not a fee easily
afforded. Many others have no policy, and the cost of rewalling, residing and
repairing the electrical and plumbing problems looms over them.

For Lowell Building Inspector David St. Hilaire, this and many other recovery
issues define his daily efforts.

"We are basically trying to assist as much as we can in any way we can," St.
Hilaire said from the flood command center, in the UMass Lowell North Campus
student parking lot, just a short walk from the flooded areas. "I mean, really,
we're running around shuffling papers while these people are doing physical,
back-breaking labor. I really can't believe the amount of work that's been done
in that area. They are making a lot of progress, and I'd like to see it
finalized."

At the command center, in addition to Fire Department emergency response
equipment and police and sheriff mobile command vehicles is a Red Cross tent
that affected families can visit for assistance.

Romney asked President Bush last week for an emergency declaration to speed up
the aid process.

Cities and towns may also be eligible for municipal aid from the federal
government for infrastructure repairs. Romney said he hopes to file a request
for municipal assistance by the end of the week.

Although no determinations have been made, Romney said, "We expect that, given
the 14,000 homes or so that were affected ... that FEMA support is merited."

Romney also said a state assistance plan will be announced after the federal
decisions are made.

Material from the Associated Press was used in this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mary Gagnon of Dracut rescues one of her sister's wedding photos from a
water-logged box taken from the basement of her sister's house on Martin Street,
which is recovering from last week's floods. SUN/JON HILL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              670 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

Yemen - Emergency assistance for children and families in yemen - save the
children canada 2013

LENGTH: 319  words


Start - End: 2013-03-28    2014-04-30
Status: Operational
Maximum CIDA Contribution: $1,500,000
Expected Results: Expected outputs include: 200 latrines are established or
rehabilitated in 30 communities; 15 community water sources located in schools,
health centres and other community centres are maintained and rehabilitated;
10,000 beneficiaries are reached with hygiene promotion messages; and, 1,200
vulnerable families access cash transfers to meet their basic needs.


The expected intermediate outcome is the reduced vulnerability of
crisis-affected people, especially women and children.Related InformationThis
project is funded through CIDA~s International Humanitarian Assistance
ProgramTransparency
March 2013 - Yemen is experiencing a serious humanitarian crisis, due to an
ongoing drought, conflict and severe food insecurity. As a result, a third of
the population needs umanitarian assistance, thirteen million people do not have
access to safe drinking water, more than ten million people are food-insecure
and more than 430,000 people are internally displaced. Children are particularly
badly affected by the humanitarian crisis in Yemen, and they suffer from high
levels of disease and malnutrition.
With Canada~ support, Save the Children Canada is addressing the basic needs of
approximately 38,700 food insecure and conflict-affected people, particularly
women and children, in Hodeida and Hajjah governorates. Project activities
include: the installation or rehabilitation of water points and latrines;
conducting hygiene promotion activities; the provision of cash transfers to
vulnerable households to meet their basic needs; and, cash grants to small
farmers and skilled women to support the resumption of their
livelihoods.SectorsEmergency assistanceMaterial relief assistance and services
(072010): 100%

country :Canada<p class='syndigate_disclaimer'>Copyright © Euclid Infotech Pvt.
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2013 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              671 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                           November 25, 2010 Thursday

Rural development at work

BYLINE: Jay Healy

SECTION: COMMENTARY; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 712 words


COLUMN: AS I SEE IT

Folks are hurting, and many are questioning those of us who work in government.
They say we are overpaid and underachieving, especially in addressing some of
the mammoth economic issues facing our nation. Elected officials are often held
in low regard, and taxpayers' frustrations are at the boiling point. Phrases
like "stimulus package" and "job creation" elicit, in some, vitriol and fury.

This surprises me somewhat because much of the stimulus package is actually
working. A recent economic study argues that unemployment would have skyrocketed
to over 11 percent without the legislation. While many economists split hairs
over the size of the stimulus package, most agree that it was needed and has
been reasonably successful. James Surowiecki, in a recent New Yorker magazine
article, stated, "The weight of the evidence suggests that fiscal policy
softened the impact of the recession, boosting demand, creating jobs, and
helping the economy start growing again." And the nonpartisan Congressional
Budget Office estimates that the Recovery Act has reduced unemployment by
anywhere from 0.8 percent to 1.7 percent in the past few months.

A recent Boston Globe article ("Not So Bad in Bay State"; Steven Syre, Sept. 28)
stated that Massachusetts places fifth "in economic growth from the start of the
recession to the trough in June 2009 and from that bottom through this summer"
compared to all other states.

"Taken together," said the author, "... those measures of the Massachusetts
economy portray a sputtering machine that still performed better than average in
tough times."

USDA Rural Development is in the job creation and economic revitalization
business. We provide assistance in the form of loans, grants and loan
guarantees. Our loan guarantees encourage local banks to finance local
businesses by mitigating banks' risk - helping farmers and small businesses get
the capital they need.

In Massachusetts alone, we committed over $285 million with a staff of
approximately 40 people. That means for every dollar of funding assistance
provided for infrastructure improvements, emergency response systems, health
care facilities, rural housing and small business job creation, taxpayers have
spent mere pennies on the administration of these vital loans.

The scope of these numbers can obscure the real value of these projects for our
area. The importance of each project can be lost. Thankfully, the importance
isn't lost on local businesses such as Radant Technologies of Stow. USDA Rural
Development recently guaranteed a $2 million local bank loan that will help
Radant expand operations in order to increase production, fulfilling the demand
generated by the business's new contracts, and keeping high-paying manufacturing
jobs in the region.

In Ashburnham, Rural Development recently provided over $2.6 million in
low-interest loan and grant funds to make improvements to the towns' water
distribution and storage system, financing the construction of a new water
storage tank and installing new water mains.

The Warren Public Library also benefited from USDA Rural Development grant
assistance this year. New laptops, scanners and printers were purchased for the
library with help from Rural Development's Community Facilities Grant Program.

And let's not forget about the 280 local families who've been able to purchase
or rent a safe, affordable home with Rural Development's help. Rural
Development's Area Office in Holden, which serves Worcester, Middlesex, Suffolk
and Essex counties, obligated over $59 million in housing assistance this fiscal
year.

Even one person unemployed is an unimaginable hardship made only too real for
many. However, in our region, nearly a thousand jobs have been created or saved
by Rural Development's assistance. And there's an even greater indirect impact
this assistance has on the local economy: providing further job security and
improving the quality of life in rural Massachusetts.

While adversity brings frustration, and the government is often a target, please
recognize that many of us are working very hard to be a part of the solution
rather than a part of the problem.

Jay Healy is the Massachusetts/Connecticut/Rhode Island State Director for USDA
Rural Development.

ART: PHOTO

CUTLINE: Jay Healy

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Folks are hurting, and many are questioning those of us who work in
government. They say we are overpaid and underachieving, especially in
addressing some of the mammoth economic issues facing our nation. Elected
officials are often held in low regard, and taxpayers' frustrations are at the
boiling point. Phrases like "stimulus package" and "job creation" elicit, in
some, vitriol and fury.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              672 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                January 20, 1994 Thursday MORNING FINAL EDITION

CLINTON PROMISES L.A. FAST MILLIONS THE PRESIDENT ANNOUNCES A MASSIVE RELIEF
PACKAGE TO SOLVE A 'NATIONAL PROBLEM.'

BYLINE: PAMELA KRAMER AND JANET RAE-DUPREE, Mercury News Staff Writers

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1557 words

DATELINE: Los Angeles


President Clinton on Wednesday toured areas hammered by Monday's earthquake,
stopping to talk with the new homeless and promising hundreds of millions of
dollars in disaster relief at a town hall meeting.

The day's tragic headline was discovery of two more bodies in crumbled homes,
bringing the quake's death toll to 46, including heart attack victims.

For the survivors whose lives were upended, good news came that at least 11
disaster assistance centers are scheduled to open at 1 p.m. today, offering
one-stop assistance from several government agencies and possibly insurance
companies. Meanwhile, victims continued the wearying road to recovery, often
immobilized by broken highways and flooded phone lines.

It wasn't clear whether the president -- who shook his head in amazement at
roadbeds snapped like popsicle sticks and the rubble of buildings -- felt a
5.1-magnitude aftershock that occurred during his tour. But his response to the
rumblings of local leaders at the town hall in nearby Burbank was emphatic:

"This is a national problem, and we have a national responsibility," Clinton
told the group of local, state and federal officials. Earlier in the day, Gov.
Pete Wilson had estimated damage could reach $30 billion.

The 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake in Northern California caused $7 billion in
damage.

Noting the gargantuan task ahead, Clinton said, "We have no intention -- none --
of letting this be a short-term thing. We will stay with you until it's
finished."

The president and his "A-plus" team of federal officials unveiled a wide array
of plans, some of them precedent-setting, aimed at bringing the region quick,
prolonged and thorough relief. Among them:

* Small Business Administration low-interest loans totaling $240 million. *
About $45 million from the Department of Transportation to clear the rubble of
the crippled freeways.

* Assistance in getting Congress to approve emergency supplemental funds to help
speed recovery.

* Additional train cars to handle new riders who otherwise can't get to work.

* Shipment of 1 million gallons of water a day for the tens of thousands of
residents still without water service. By Wednesday afternoon, more than 90
percent of the city's 700,000 Department of Water and Power customers had had
their electricity restored, but 40,000 still lacked water.

* Distribution, for the first time, of vouchers for federally subsidized
low-income housing to quake victims by the Department of Housing and Urban
Development. HUD also may restructure the vouchers to extend them to as many as
10,000 residents.

* Acceleration of Community Development Block Grants already earmarked for the
region, and a policy change making hard-hit areas eligible for the funds. Later,
Congress would be asked to appropriate more money for the areas originally
targeted to receive the block grant money.

Several officials noted that Clinton often has said California's recovery is
vital to the nation's economic health, and the president said he had been
particularly dismayed that the quake hit just as the state seemed to be starting
toward recovery from its lingering recession. Restoring the transportation
system and developing alternatives for getting around are top priorities, they
said.

While the audience generally received the president's news with relief and
enthusiasm, the proposals for the federal housing grants -- known as Section 8
vouchers -- and for the shift in block grant money drew some criticism. Los
Angeles City Councilman Mark Ridley-Thomas noted that the Section 8 program
already has a long waiting list.

"You don't try to fix one crisis by compounding a pre-existing one," said
Ridley-Thomas, whose district includes areas hard-hit by 1992's riots.

Mike Hernandez, who represents another council district hard-hit by rioting,
noted that many promises made for riot recovery have not been fulfilled. And
now, he said, "you have CDBG money that was set aside for purposes of urban
development and they were earmarked, primarily, for South- Central (Los
Angeles)."

Hernandez said he was skeptical that those funds would be replaced. "I
understand what people are going through in the valley, but I've seen people in
my district go through it for two years," he said.

New difficulties

As Clinton spoke -- praising Californians for their resilience "against all
odds" -- victims grappled with their new realities.

Vilma Chotenevsky, 40, wept and shook uncontrollably outside a Red Cross shelter
at Granada Hills High School. She and her family had just been allowed inside
their condemned apartment building for a five-minute, grab-what-you-
can-of-your-life-and-run session, when another aftershock hit.

"That's it. I can't take it anymore," she told her husband as she wiped tears
from her eyes. "I'm going to Oregon. You do whatever you want. I never want to
see this place again. It won't stop moving."

In another part of town, Wendy Shapiro lamented the overwhelming bureaucracy
that stood between residents and any approximation of heading toward normal
life.

"We've got no water and we've got no gas and the power is really iffy," Shapiro
said. "The walls are full of cracks, the ground keeps shaking, I can't decide
whether this place is safe or not and I can't begin to figure out how to find a
building inspector. So we're sleeping in the motor home in the driveway until we
do."

In the city of San Fernando, a steady stream of people flowed to a Kmart that
was closed but was offering gallon jugs of water to anyone who asked. "A lot of
my employees are in the same position as our customers," manager Carter Waddams
said.

A bright spot

Other good news came in police reports that there has been little quake- related
crime -- in part, some speculated -- because of a curfew that continued
Wednesday night.

On the education front, though, schools will remain closed until next week --
and even then, up to 200,000 students might not have a safe place to learn.

As emergency efforts continued, people at some shelters complained of long waits
for the basics.

"Bill Clinton is right up the street," one man grumbled as he waited for lunch
that officials said would be too little -- 40 servings for 150 people -- an hour
late.

Red Cross officials said they were not aware of serious delays. But with 25
shelters and the transportation disruptions, "you can imagine the logistical
nightmares," said spokeswoman Barbara Wilks. "We don't know whether five people
are going to stay there, or 500 people."

For his part, Doug Nichoalds said he wanted the president to bring faster
building inspections. "Our maintenance man told us yesterday it would be OK to
sleep in that building, but I noticed last night he's still sleeping outside,"
Nichoalds said. As many as 20,000 people are thought to be sleeping in parks,
officials said. A request from the state could lead the Federal Emergency
Management Agency to send tents to shelter those people as weather reports
forecast rain for the weekend.

News that FEMA's disaster assistance centers were scheduled to open today --
offering emergency housing, financial assistance for housing and family grants
of up to $12,200 -- came as welcome news throughout the region. A toll- free
telephone number has been overwhelmed with up to 3,000 calls an hour, a
spokesman said.

FEMA's generous gesture

To ease the burdens of many victims, the agency will allow those who have
entered the country illegally to apply for assistance. People need only show a
utility receipt or driver's license as proof of residency, spokesman Terry
Hamlin said.

"It's not the government's intent at this very critical stage to make life any
harder than it is," Hamlin said. He added that some victims of the region's
devastating autumn fires received checks within a week of applying.

While the massive machinery of assistance shifted to higher gears Wednesday, the
people who control it tried to sound notes of hope. Among the officials at the
Burbank town hall were U.S. Sens. Dianne Feinstein and Barbara Boxer, Wilson,
gubernatorial candidate Kathleen Brown, Los Angeles Mayor Richard Riordan, HUD
Secretary Henry Cisneros, Transportation Secretary Federico Pena, FEMA head
James Lee Witt and several members of Congress, the Legislature and local
governments. Rep. Norm Mineta, D-San Jose, drew special praise from several
officials for his attentiveness as chairman of the House Public Works and
Transportation Committee to the suffering so far south of his congressional
district.

And the voices of cities and neighborhoods that feel forgotten in the
devastation also made themselves heard:

Poor 'wiped out'

"A lot of very poor people who were in substandard housing to begin with were
wiped out Monday," said Jackie Goldberg, a Los Angeles councilwoman who
represents the Hollywood area. Without parks, Goldberg said, the new homeless
are camping out in parking lots of the once-golden neighborhood.

A Ventura County official, meanwhile, welcomed news that his area had been added
to the federal disaster list for aid because of damage to Fillmore's business
district.

Teresa Telesz, 27, a new resident of the Sylmar shelter, had a personal message
for the president: "Can he get us a shower? We're all getting a little ripe out
here."

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: THE L.A. QUAKE
Mercury News Staff Writers Rodney Foo and Brandon Bailey contributed to this
report.
See also related stories on this page and on pages 19A, 20A, 21A, and 22A of
this section.

GRAPHIC: Photos (3);
PHOTO: ASSOCIATED PRESS
In Canoga Park, as in Northridge, this apartment complex shifted, collapsing
onto a row of cars. President Clinton toured some of the damaged areas
Wednesday.
940120 FR 19A 1
PHOTO: KAREN T. BORCHERS - MERCURY NEWS
At the North Palm Townhomes on Reseda Boulevard, a lighter note.
940120 FR 19A 2
PHOTO: ASSOCIATED PRESS
The president surveys quake damage.
940120 FR 1A 2; color

                     Copyright 1994 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              673 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Decatur Daily (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 11, 2011 Sunday

Hillsboro seeks flooding grant

BYLINE: Nancy Glasscock, The Decatur Daily, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 591 words


Dec. 11--HILLSBORO -- When rain falls in Hillsboro, water floods the homes,
yards or driveways of many residents.

That's why the town is seeking a grant that would substantially improve drainage
in the area, Mayor Charles Owens said.

"We're also working with some landowners to get an easement to let the water go
through the proper channels," he said.

Owens said the goal of the drainage plan is to channel water from low-lying
areas to nearby creeks along Alabama 20.

Flooding was among the top concerns of about 20 Hillsboro residents who attended
a town hall meeting last week with five graduate students from Alabama A&M
University and their professor, Russell Fricano. The students, who are seeking
master's degrees in urban and regional planning, conducted a study of the town
and presented suggestions for development.

Since February 2010, the students have compiled statistics about the town's
population and talked with residents about how the area can grow.

With a population of about 700, Hillsboro is a rural area comprised mainly of
farmland and few businesses. It is in Lawrence County between Decatur and
Courtland.

According to the students' study, 94 percent of respondents said they had homes
and yards flooded and had been affected by damaged and closed roads because of
flooding. According to the Federal Emergency Management Agency, portions of
Hillsboro are in an "area of moderate flood hazard."

Lawrence County Commissioner Mose Jones said the effort to improve drainage in
Hillsboro has been ongoing for about 25 years, but receiving funding from
Congress has been difficult.

"The only thing the county can do is go in and clean ditches," he said.
"Hillsboro is going to have to get federal and state help to run that all the
way to the Tennessee River."

Owens said his home was three feet under water after the April 27 tornadoes,
forcing him to remodel every room in his house.

Flooding is a problem even in areas that aren't near streams, Gloria Jackson
said.

"The ditches are full and a lot of the yards are basically covered with water,"
she said. "We can get out, but there is water everywhere."

Resident Dorothy Smith said residents are tired of worrying every time it rains.
She asked what the next step in correcting the issue is, and how the area could
receive financial assistance through the university.

Fricano said the students' study gives the town a platform to use when hosting
town meetings and seeking funding through grants.

"What our assignment really was, was to provide a framework for what was
happening in your community," student Erica Harris said. "Basically, we laid out
the goals and possibilities. What you have to do as a community is look at these
and prioritize how you are going to move forward with the issues."

Economic opportunities cited in the study are agricultural businesses such as a
storage facility under construction, a farmers' market and establishment of a
business incubator to help small businesses. Residents who took part in the
study said they wanted to see more commercial land used for restaurants, retail
and banks.

Road improvements would allow more development around Hillsboro, resident Thomas
Williams said.

"If you've got good roads that won't tear their cars up, they're going to come
in," he said.

Owens said a Dollar General store will open in Hillsboro in January, and a
supermarket has expressed interest in locating in the town.

___ (c)2011 The Decatur Daily (Decatur, Ala.) Visit The Decatur Daily (Decatur,
Ala.) at www.decaturdaily.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111211-DD-Hillsboro-seeks-flooding-grant-1211-20111211

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DD


                        Copyright 2011 The Decatur Daily


                              674 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Hawk Eye (Burlington, Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            July 28, 2010 Wednesday

Counties granted federal disaster status: Presidential listing provides access
to more help for Lee and Des Moines counties.

BYLINE: Christinia Crippes, The Hawk Eye, Burlington, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 750 words


July 28--President Barack Obama on Tuesday afternoon granted a disaster
declaration for Lee and Des Moines counties to aid with recovery efforts after
the severe storms and flash floods that occurred May 12 and 13.

The declaration comes slightly more than a month after Gov. Chet Culver, a
Democrat, requested the presidential declaration.

The new status allows the two southeast Iowa counties access to Federal
Emergency Management Agency funds to help communities recover.

The public assistance program the counties can tap into will help state and
local governments, as well as certain private nonprofit organizations, in
emergency work and the repair or replacement of public infrastructure.

"There's nothing I could do for individuals or businesses, unfortunately," said
Gina Hardin, Des Moines County emergency management coordinator, "except help
the local government entities get reimbursed, so hopefully that will help with
taxes."

Hardin said the county tried to become a part of the individual assistance
program, but because much of the private property that was damaged as a result
of the storm and flooding was in basements, which do not qualify, it did not
meet the threshold to qualify for the funds. She also said she tried to tap into
Small Business Administration for loans to help local businesses, but that did
not pan out.

FEMA estimated Des Moines and Lee counties saw about $4.8 million in public
property damage from the May flash flooding, which destroyed roads and inundated
public facilities.

Des Moines County had $3.95 million in flood damage, while Lee County reported
$858,976, according to FEMA. The amount is less than what was estimated by local
officials.

Tama Road, gully repair?

Hardin said among the items the county hopes to be able to fund is the repair of
Tama Road and the gully created on a nearby property as a result of the 6 to 7
inches of rain during the May 12-13 storm. She said the plan and project
ultimately will need to be approved by FEMA, like all repairs, so she could not
assure it would get the federal funds.

Other facilities or infrastructure that were damaged as a result of the storm
include the Two Rivers Levee and Drainage District levee, the Des Moines County
Regional Landfill, the Burlington Water Treatment Facility, and the city of
Danville for county conservation.

The Lee County emergency management coordinator could not be reached late
Tuesday afternoon for comment.

"The continued rains and severe weather across southern Iowa are only
complicating the flood damage sustained last month," Culver said in a written
statement in making the presidential request. "I am looking forward to working
with our federal partners as we begin the recovery process in Des Moines and Lee
counties. I ask for this process to proceed with all due speed."

Sen. Charles Grassley, R-Iowa, announced the presidential declaration was
granted Tuesday. He had previously sent a letter to Obama asking that he grant
Culver's request.

"I'm glad to see this disaster recognized by President Obama," Grassley said in
a release announcing the federal declaration. "These funds will help Iowans
continue cleaning up the damage caused by these storms."

All Iowa counties also are eligible to apply for assistance through the Hazard
Mitigation Grant program, according to Grassley's release. The HMG program
assists state and local governments and certain private non-profit organizations
for actions taken to prevent or reduce long-term risk to life and property from
natural hazards.

In a separate action, Congress on Tuesday also approved as part of a
supplemental appropriations bill the replenishing of the FEMA Disaster Relief
Fund, which helps with ongoing disaster relief projects in the works and ensures
preparedness in future disasters.

Earlier this year, FEMA limited funds for certain programs, which caused Iowa to
be owed a balance of $480 million -- the highest of any state -- as of May,
according to a release from U.S. Rep. Dave Loebsack, D-2nd District.

The bill is headed to the president for his signature.

To see more of The Hawk Eye or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thehawkeye.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Hawk Eye, Burlington, Iowa
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100728-QW-Counties-granted-federal-disaster-status-20100728

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QW


                          Copyright 2010 The Hawk Eye


                              675 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   New Orleans CityBusiness (New Orleans, LA)

                                  May 24, 2006

Bush-Clinton fund donates $750,000 for financial literacy and assistance to
hurricane victims

BYLINE: CityBusiness Staff Report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 448  words


Operation Hope Inc. announced today that the Bush-Clinton Fund will award
$750,000 to Hope Coalition America for on-going emergency and financial literacy
guidance and assistance to aid individuals and families affected by the 2005
hurricanes.Hope will open offices in the Louisiana and Mississippi regions in
order to provide financial recovery services. "After a disaster, financial
issues affect more people than personal injury," said Operation Hope founder and
CEO John Hope Bryant.

"Hurricane Katrina devastated the lives of millions of people, affecting all
income levels, and many at lower income and ownership levels were already in a
sort of economic disaster when Katrina struck. Through this outstanding
commitment from the Bush-Clinton Fund, Operation Hope will be in a better
position to make a positive impact on the lives of people suffering most from
the socio-economic repercussions of this disaster. " Bryant and Hope Coalition
Managing Director Fred Smith were in New Orleans May 12 when former Presidents
George H.W. Bush and Bill Clinton announced 10 new Bush-Clinton Katrina Fund
grants for recipients, totaling $9.7 million. These direct grants focus on
health, housing, community and infrastructure, and cover all three states
impacted by Hurricane Katrina -- Louisiana, Mississippi and Alabama. Hope
Coalition America, Operation Hope's financial disaster preparedness division and
Federal Emergency Management Agency partner, began work in the Southern region
in 2004 when four hurricanes blew through Florida, causing tremendous damage and
destruction. Using a growing network of Hope Corps volunteers, Hope Coalition
America brings together financial services professionals to provide free
financial and economic counseling to those affected by natural disaster,
national emergency or personal tragedy. Hope Coalition America operates a
national call center for individuals affected by disasters, in Poway, Calif.,
sponsored by First American Corp., which has assisted more than 10,000 victims
with emergency financial counseling and economic triage. "The ability to place
more full-time employees in the disaster-affected cities will enhance our
capability to provide our financial recovery and preparation services," said
Smith. Since September, the Presidents have raised approximately $115 million,
awarded 42 grants, and disbursed more than $53 million through April 30. The
grants include funds to help build new homes; provide mental health and health
care services; rebuild water, sewer and gas utilities; build shoreline
improvement projects; provide community and child development services; provide
financial counseling; and aid in economic recovery.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              676 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   November 17, 1994, Thursday, Final Edition

IN THE NEWS

SECTION: DISTRICT WEEKLY; PAGE J2

LENGTH: 575 words


Computer System to Help City Deal With Emergencies



District officials have unveiled a computer system that they said will help them
deal with crises such as snow emergencies and the past problems with the water
supply.

The mayor's emergency command center, at the Reeves Municipal Center at 14th and
U streets NW, has acquired a system that allows officials to use two 45-inch
computer screens to plot problem locations, devise alternative transportation
routes when necessary and locate the nearest resources, such as emergency
shelters, said Zachary D. Smith, a spokesman for the D.C. Office of Emergency
Preparedness.

The $ 84,000 computer system was bought with money from federal grants, Smith
said. It was unveiled at a regional meeting of state directors of the Federal
Emergency Management Agency. Officials met to discuss the federal disaster
relief agency's winter storm policy and the readiness of states and the District
for the upcoming snow season.

The command center received 350,000 inquiries last year from District residents
and tourists requesting information during emergencies such as the ice storm
that shut down much of the city Jan. 17-22.


COG Offering Needy Students Grants for Graduate Study


The Metropolitan Washington Council of Governments has grants of as much as $
14,000 a year for needy students seeking post-graduate studies. The Community
Development Work Study grant provides financial assistance, work experience,
books and tutoring.

Eight grants have been awarded but officials said four grants still are
available to students attending the University of Virginia and the University of
the District of Columbia.

Applicants must be full-time, first-year master's degree students studying
community/economic development or public administration. Job opportunities
include internships with the Mayor's Office of Policy and Evaluation in the
District and the Montgomery County Council.

Regionally, more than 200 students have participated in the program, funded by
the federal Department of Housing and Urban Development.


Police Cracking Down On Red Light Runners


Citing an all-time high number of accidents caused by motorists who ignore
traffic signals, area police have begun a crackdown on motorists who drive
through red lights.

In a campaign dubbed "Respect for Red," police are stepping up enforcement of
traffic laws at intersections throughout the region. Regional officials also are
distributing "I Stop for Red Lights" bumper stickers.

Last year, area police wrote more than 6,000 tickets to red light violators in a
single month. The three-week campaign began Nov. 7.


UDC Alumni Association Holding Annual Fund Drive


The University of the District of Columbia Alumni Association received $ 1,721
in pledges Monday, in the first hours of its annual Phonothon alumni fund drive.
From 6 to 9 p.m., phone banks were set up to call all known living graduates of
the university and its predecessor institutions to solicit financial support.
University officials said the need for private donations this year is especially
great, as the school faces a proposed $ 9.1 million budget cut.

Irene Bush, of UDC's office of alumni affairs, said the fund-raising effort
supports scholarships, among other things. "It's time for folks to give back to
a school that gave them an excellent education at a reasonable cost," Bush said.

The Phonothon continues through tomorrow.


LOAD-DATE: November 17, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: DC NEWS

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                              677 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 7, 2015 Monday

Washington: Ten Years after Katrina, FEMA has Obligated Over $3.2 billion in
Public Assistance

LENGTH: 352 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Federal Emergency Management Agency has issued the following news
release:



 More than $3.2 billion in FEMA funding has been allocated to Mississippi for
Public Assistance after Hurricane Katrina. FEMA's Public Assistance program
includes grants for the repair and rebuilding of public infrastructure, such as
bridges, roads, schools, hospitals and sewer treatment facilities. The PA
program also provides funding for debris removal and emergency protective
measures, such as search and rescue operations, temporary roads and overtime for
other emergency workers, including police and firefighters.





 Some of the PA projects in Mississippi included repairing and rebuilding the
Biloxi Civic Center and Library; the Hancock County Courthouse and Medical
Center; the Waveland City Hall and Municipal Complex; and St. Martin School in
Jackson County. The famous Biloxi Lighthouse, which came to represent the
resiliency of the Mississippi Gulf Coast after Katrina, was also repaired with
funding from FEMA's PA program.



 For more information on PA recovery projects in Mississippi, please go to
FEMA's Revitalizing Mississippi Communities.



 The PA program normally reimburses local, state and tribal governments and
qualified nonprofit organizations for a certain share of eligible costs.
However, because of the magnitude of Katrina, FEMA covered 100 percent of
allowable project expenses.



 The largest PA project funded by FEMA in Mississippi after Katrina is the
repair of a large section of Biloxi's water and sewer treatment system. After
Katrina, the system was out of operation for weeks. It was brought back into
working condition with generators and temporary bypass pumps to transfer
wastewater to treatment plants. City officials decided to use the $363 million
in eligible FEMA repair and rebuilding grants toward the total cost of improving
and upgrading the system. Repairs include consolidating and hardening the pump
stations along the beachfront to withstand future storms.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              678 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 3, 2016 Monday

Washington: FEMA Public Assistance Extended in Eight Florida Counties Hit by
Hermine

LENGTH: 493  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Federal Emergency Management Agency has issued the following news
release:



 The Federal Emergency Management Agency has extended federal disaster aid in
eight Florida counties to help the state, local and tribal governments and
certain private nonprofits cover disaster-related expenses and the repair or
rebuilding of critical infrastructure.





 The state, local and tribal governments and certain private nonprofits in
Alachua, Baker, Gilchrist, Manatee, Marion, Sarasota, Sumter, and Union counties
can now request funding through FEMA's Public Assistance grant program to help
pay for debris removal, emergency protective measures, and the repair or
rebuilding of roads, bridges, water control facilities, buildings, equipment,
utilities, parks and recreational facilities.



 Citrus, Dixie, Franklin, Jefferson, Lafayette, Leon, Levy, Liberty, Madison,
Pasco, Pinellas, Suwannee, Taylor, and Wakulla counties were previously
designated for FEMA Public Assistance funding.



 "The additional federal infrastructure funding is intended to help Florida's
hard-hit communities recover from the devastation left by Hurricane Hermine,"
said Federal Coordinating Officer Terry L. Quarles.



 Assistance for Individuals and Businesses



 Individuals and businesses in Citrus, Dixie, Hernando, Hillsborough, Leon,
Levy, Pasco, and Pinellas counties can begin the disaster assistance process by
registering online at DisasterAssistance.gov or by calling 800-621-3362, which
is video relay service accessible.



 Survivors who are deaf, hard of hearing or who have difficulty speaking may
call TTY 800-462-7585. Helpline hours are 7 a.m. to 10 p.m. local time, seven
days a week until further notice.



 Disaster assistance may include money to help pay for temporary housing and
essential home repairs. Low-interest SBA loans may also be available for losses
not covered by insurance or other sources.



 FEMA's mission is to support our citizens and first responders to ensure that
as a nation we work together to build, sustain, and improve our capability to
prepare for, protect against, respond to, recover from, and mitigate all
hazards.



 Disaster recovery assistance is available without regard to race, color,
religion, nationality, sex, age, disability, English proficiency or economic
status. If you or someone you know has been discriminated against, call FEMA
toll-free at 800-621-FEMA (3362). For TTY call 800-462-7585.



 FEMA's temporary housing assistance and grants for public transportation
expenses, medical and dental expenses, and funeral and burial expenses do not
require individuals to apply for an SBA loan. However, applicants who receive
SBA loan applications must submit them to SBA loan officers to be eligible for
assistance that covers personal property, vehicle repair or replacement, and
moving and storage expenses.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              679 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Orange Leader (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 2, 2009 Thursday

Hutchison announces funds headed to BCISD

BYLINE: Tommy Mann, Jr., The Orange Leader, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 522 words


Jul. 2--BRIDGE CITY -- U.S. Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison (R-Texas) announced
Tuesday the Bridge City Independent School District is just one of many Texas
entities which will receive money for Hurricane Ike recovery projects.

Hutchison announced that $61,509,688 in U.S. Department of Homeland Security
funding will be allocated through the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA)
to numerous cities, counties, school districts, and medical care systems to
continue in assisting areas of the Texas Gulf Coast which were devastated by
Hurricane Ike.

"These grants will provide Gulf communities with the resources they need to
recover from the tremendous damages wrought by Hurricane Ike," Hutchison said in
a press release. "Across the board, whether it be improvements to infrastructure
or debris removal, I will continue to work with our coastal cities to ensure
they get the necessary federal resources to recover fully."

The Bridge City Independent School District is slated to receive more than $3.6
million for flood damage repairs. Nearly every campus in the Bridge City
Independent School District sustained heavy water damage from Hurricane Ike's
storm surge.

Sims Elementary had more than four-feet of water standing in its halls, while
Hatton Elementary had more than two-feet of water.

Senator Hutchison announced in June that the Fiscal Year 2009 Emergency
Supplemental Appropriations Bill which passed the U.S. Senate included a
provision she secured allowing the Texas counties impacted by Hurricane Ike to
access millions in additional Debris Removal and Public Assistance
reimbursements from FEMA.

Prior to the inclusion of this provision, 100 percent debris removal
reimbursement ended on April 26, 2009, and public assistance funding was
reimbursed at only a 75 percent to 25 percent rate. The new provision does away
with the April 26th deadline for 100 percent debris removal and increases the
federal costshare for public assistance funding from FEMA to 90 percent.

Dr. Jamey Harrison, Bridge City ISD superintendent, had just returned from an
out of town business trip late Wednesday and was unsure if this money
represented additional funding for the district or if it was the difference
between the 75 percent to 90 percent costshare for public assistance funding.

Harrison said he hoped to know more today after returning to the office and
contacting the appropriate personnel.

The only other Golden Triangle area included in the press release is the City of
Beaumont, which will reportedly receive $4.1 million for hurricane readiness.

Montgomery County will receive more than $17.1 million, while Galveston County
will receive more than $10.2 million and the City of Houston will receive $7.4
million.

To see more of The Orange Leader or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.orangeleader.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Orange Leader, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090702-XY-Hutchison-announces-funds-headed-to-BCISD-0702

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XY


                                 Copyright 2009


                              680 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Sun Journal (New Bern, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 2, 2010 Tuesday

For some, recovering from flooding is ongoing

BYLINE: Laura Oleniacz, Sun Journal, New Bern, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 494 words


Nov. 02--There are members of our community still experiencing negative impacts
from the rains that caused flooding in parts of New Bern and in areas across
Eastern North Carolina about a month ago, although stories on the disaster have
given way to others related to today's mid-term elections, Sunday's Halloween
festivities, or other events.

Rosetta Smith of Vanceboro is one of those people. She lives in a house on
Streets Ferry Road, which was closed due to flooding from Tropical Storm Nicole
and her remnants. Smith said the water came up to the floor in her house,
damaging her floor and carpets. The water outside of her house would have come
up to her waist, she said.

She left her home, and went to stay with her parents, who live nearby on higher
ground. But she said they were rescued from that location when the water rose to
the steps of the mobile home.

"It just looked like danger," Smith said. "If one of (my parents) were to get
sick, we would have had a time getting out of there."

She was hoping the Federal Emergency Management Agency would be able to assist
her in replacing damaged flooring and carpeting. She said she put in an
application several days ago with FEMA, and has had an assessor come by her home
since then.

So far, FEMA has received 2,800 registrations from people like Smith who are
living in the 10 counties that have official emergency declarations and are
looking for government assistance as a result of the flooding, according to
Patricia Whitt, a public information officer for the agency.

Whitt said $2.8 million has been approved in grants to assist residents, and
nearly $600,000 has been provided in other assistance, such as for medical and
dental bills or transportation needs.

"They came out so fast, I was really impressed with them," Smith said of the
FEMA assessor. "I pray that they will be able to help me."

She said she doesn't have insurance, since she purchased her home years ago, and
recently moved back to the home after getting married. She said the experience
inspired her to want to help others more, and it also gave her a new
perspective.

"I realized when the flood came this time, this is really just material stuff,
there's no need to worry about," she said. "It was material stuff, it can be
replaced."

The Craven County Disaster Recovery Center is located in the old Craven County
Jail at 411 Craven St. For more information on FEMA disaster assistance, call
1-800-621-FEMA.

Laura Oleniacz can be reached at 252-635-5675 or at loleniacz@freedomenc.com

To see more of the Sun Journal or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.newbernsunjournal.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Sun Journal, New Bern,
N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101102-NS-For-some-recovering-from-flooding-is-ongoing-1102-20101102

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NS


                           Copyright 2010 Sun Journal


                              681 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           February 17, 2015 Tuesday

Pakistan: Japan provides assistance to 4 NGOs

LENGTH: 423  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Feb. 17 -- The Government of Japan has decided to

extend financial support totalling US$ 360,950 (approx. Rs. 36 million)

to four Non Governmental Organisations (NGOs) for the implementation of social
development projects in disadvantaged areas of the country.

The NGOs include Ameer Begum Welfare Trust, Al-Mujtaba Development

Network, Community Development and Anti TB Program, and Obaid Noor Welfare
Association, said a statement here.

The agreements for the four projects were signed on Monday, here

between Hiroshi Inomata, Ambassador of Japan to Pakistan and the heads of the
four organisations.

Ameer Begum Welfare Trust will utilise its grant of US$ 82,282 for

the installation of 6 water filter plants in rural areas of District Okara that
are suffering from a high prevalence water borne disease due to the
unavailability of safe drinking water.

The grant of US$ 78,833 to Al-Mujtaba Development Network will be

used for the improvement of the water supply and sanitation system in a remote
part of District Muzaffarabad.

The grant of US$ 98,138 to Community Development and Anti TB

Program on the other hand will enable the construction of a village road

in District Narowal, in order to enhance community accessibility of facilities
in the town center.

Finally, the grant of US$ 101,697 to Obaid Noor Welfare Association

will result in the construction of a maternity and emergency hospital in

a neglected part of District Mianwali.

At the signing ceremony, Ambassador Inomata emphasised the

importance of improving access to health, water and infrastructure facilities
particularly in rural areas of the country.

He expressed his hope that the projects supported today will

contribute to Pakistan's goal of eliminating rural and urban disparities

in term of essential facilities which in turn can contribute to

sustainable local development.

In doing so, these projects would certainly strengthen the friendly

relations between the people of Japan and Pakistan.

Last week agreements for three other projects in the field of

education were signed. In addition, agreements for eight other projects

on education, health and infrastructure were signed in September and November,
2014.

Hence, the amount the Government of Japan provided to Pakistani NGOs

during the current Japanese Fiscal Year (which starts in April) adds up

to US$ 1,386,114 in total

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              682 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                              May 31, 2005 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Wallet-Wrenching Weather

BYLINE: STEVEN ISBITTS, sisbitts@tampatrib.com

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1850 words

DATELINE: CLEARWATER


Residents Concerned About Pricey Hurricane Preparation

By STEVEN ISBITTS

sisbitts@tampatrib.com

CLEARWATER -- Buying 21 sheets of plywood and emergency hurricane supplies took
every dollar of John Nies' and Mary Henry's savings and took their credit cards
to their limits in August.

The Clearwater couple were forced to scrap their plans for a modest wedding.

With Hurricane Charley approaching Florida, they decided that protecting the
house they had purchased five months earlier for $88,000 and securing provisions
for their three children and two dogs were more important than their nuptials.

Every year, emergency management officials urge Floridians to assemble disaster
supplies kits and buy the items necessary to secure their homes before hurricane
season starts June 1.

Many, such as Nies and Henry, who are both employed, struggle to pay for the
basics. Others can't afford them at all.

"The plywood cost me $287," said Nies, 44, a hydraulic seals salesman.

"If a storm had really hit us, we would have been destitute," said Henry, 32, a
veterinary assistant. "We had no [cash] reserve. All our cash went to food and
supplies and filling the gas tanks."

For most Floridians, no government assistance is available for acquiring
hurricane provisions before a storm.

The little grant money earmarked for helping individuals prepare for the storm
season is paltry compared with the more than $4 billion spent by the Federal
Emergency Management Agency on relief and rebuilding efforts in Florida after
the four hurricanes that battered the state last year.

"There is just not funds available to do those kinds of things [before a storm].
You don't go spending taxpayer dollars on hurricane supplies," said Mike
Trimpert, chief of planning for Hillsborough County's emergency management
division.

"How do you qualify people for that? How do you go about qualifying somebody who
says they can't afford batteries for the radio or food?" Trimpert said.

Affording The Supplies

Last week, Hillsborough County began distributing tens of thousands of copies of
its annual free hurricane guide to libraries, post offices and governmental
agencies.

The guide contains a list of items for a disaster supplies kit, which includes
one flashlight and seven sets of batteries for each family member, water for
three days, nonperishable food for two weeks, coolers for ice and food, a
plastic tarpaulin, tools, screening and more.

Plywood and generators are not on the list, which is similar to those
distributed by county governments statewide.

For a family of four without special needs, an infant or anyone using
prescription medication, the cost of the disaster supplies recommended by
Hillsborough is about $400, if purchased new.

The items can be purchased at a small discount Wednesday through June 12 when
Florida will waive the 6 percent state sales tax on most storm supplies.

Shirley and Matthew Parks, a St. Petersburg couple in their 50s living on a
fixed income, said they would welcome more government assistance for hurricane
provisions.

Free supplies "would help me have enough [money] to evacuate," Matthew Parks
said.

It is likely that no Florida county has an assistance program to help residents
prepare for a hurricane, said Mike Stone, spokesman for the state's Division of
Emergency Management.

Charlotte County, where catastrophic damage was widespread as a result of
Charley, has no plan to help its needy residents.

"If people call up asking to put up storm shutters or plywood, I have nowhere to
send them, no way to help them," said Gerard Mallet, emergency management
coordinator for Charlotte County.

"If they need personal items, I'd send them to human services. This hasn't been
discussed, and there are no financial resources for it."

In the past year, Volunteer Florida, a state agency that coordinates and
develops volunteer programs, awarded new "emergency prevention and readiness
grants" of $18,000 each to 16 faith- and community-based organizations.

None is in Hillsborough, Pasco, Pinellas or Polk counties.

Volunteer Florida's money came from a $644,000 federal grant to be used for
assisting people with disabilities, those with language barriers and
disadvantaged families, said Wendy Spencer, chief executive officer of Volunteer
Florida.

Preparing people for a hurricane "is a big, growing problem, one that we are
just starting to look at, because the people who need this stuff the most can't
afford it," Spencer said. "We're always encouraging people to get prepared, but
we should find a way to help them. There isn't much in place now."

Only two of the organizations that received the $18,000 prevention and readiness
grants, both in Palm Beach County, plan to use the money to buy disaster
supplies for needy residents, Spencer said.

The other groups, Spencer said, will use the money to educate and identify
"those people lost in the cracks."

Florida is not alone in its lack of funding or planning dedicated to preparing
residents for a hurricane.

Emergency management officials from South Carolina, Georgia and Texas said their
states offer no formal assistance to individuals who can't afford supplies.

Lea Stokes, a Mississippi spokeswoman, said her state's emergency management
division offers help only by contacting charity groups affiliated with the state
on behalf of residents who request storm readiness assistance.

"We act as an active liaison," Stokes said. "There is no state money, though."

Work Together, FEMA Urges

FEMA awards local government agencies grants for preparedness. Often, though,
the money goes to fire departments and law enforcement, which use it to ready
their departments to respond to a disaster.

FEMA does not have programs that dispense supplies or money directly to
individuals, spokesman Marty Bahamonde said.

Bahamonde said his agency recommends that people on a tight budget prepare for a
hurricane by forming neighborhood groups that will share supplies and work
together during and after a storm.

"Doing it as a unit can make people responsible for a lot less, and there really
is safety in numbers in this situation," Bahamonde said.

Last week, Pinellas County government officials explored for the first time ways
to provide free disaster supplies, plywood and more to low-income residents.

"I think we all recognize the need," county Commissioner Ken Welch said.

Marcia Crawley, a county spokeswoman, said the logistics of collection, storage
and distribution of supplies is one of the greatest challenges of launching such
a program, along with determining who would qualify for free or discounted
items.

"This is all just in the idea stage at this point," Crawley said. "But we are
confident we could collect a lot of supplies donated by residents and
businesses. The community would respond to this."

Driving around Clearwater in the days before last year's hurricanes helped
Jeffrey Camden realize how many people need assistance to ready their homes and
families.

"So many had makeshift protection on the windows -- particle board, tape, things
leaning on the houses, windows partially covered," Camden said. "You could tell
people were doing the best they could with the resources they had."

Working then as Clearwater Fire Department's education coordinator, Camden
counseled many residents who had questions about ensuring their health and
safety during and after the storm.

"The people know they are not prepared, many for their medical needs," Camden
said. "Most people can't afford a hurricane. Buying plywood and supplies cost me
$400 that I really couldn't afford."

(CHART) HILLSBOROUGH EMERGENCY KIT

The 2005 Hillsborough County Hurricane Guide advises residents to assemble a
disaster supplies kit by the start of hurricane season. What's recommended:

* Two-week supply of prescription medications

* Two-week supply of nonperishable/special dietary foods

* Drinking water, one gallon per person, per day (minimum three days)

* Flashlights and seven sets of batteries for each member of the family

* Portable radio and seven sets of batteries

* Mosquito repellent and citronella candles

* Fire extinguisher (small canister, ABC type)

* First-aid book and kit, including bandages, antiseptic, tape, compresses,
aspirin and nonaspirin pain reliever, antidiarrhea medication, antacid, syrup of
ipecac

* Instant tire sealer

* Whistle and/or distress flag

* Two coolers (one to keep food, one to keep ice)

* Plastic tarpaulin, screening, tools and nails

* Plastic trash bags

* Water purification kit (tablets, plain chlorine and iodine)

* Infant necessities (sterile water, diapers, ready formula, bottles)

* Cleanup supplies (mop, buckets, towels, disinfectant)

Camera and film

* Nonelectric can opener

* Extra batteries for flashlights, radio and lamps

* Garbage can or bucket with tight-fitting lid for emergency toilet

* Toilet paper, paper towels, premoistened towelettes

Source: Hillsborough County Emergency Management

(CHART) PREPARING FOR THE STORM

At SuperTarget in Clearwater on May 25, The Tampa Tribune shopped for a
three-day supply of the disaster kit items recommended for a family of four
without special needs. Prescription medications and infant necessities were not
included. Target had all but three of the items: ipecac, water-purification
tablets and screening, which were priced by averaging prices at other outlets.
The total cost: $342.99

Number

of items Supplies Cost

2 Boxes of saltine crackers (1-pound) $3.78

1 Jar of creamy peanut butter $2.99

1 Jar of grape jelly (32-ounce) $1.42

12 Jugs of purified water (1-gallon) $9.48

1 Box of toasted oats cereal (15-ounce) $1.97

2 Bottles of apple juice (64-ounce) $3.18

2 Containers of peanuts (16-ounce) $3.98

3 Cans of pork and beans (15-ounce) $1.17

3 Cans of chunk light tuna (6-ounce) $1.56

8 Cans of beef ravioli (15-ounce) $6.16

8 Cans of sweet corn (15-ounce) $4.16

8 Cans of sweet peas (15-ounce) $4.16

3 Cans of pineapple slices (8-ounce) $1.71

2 6-packs of raisins (1.5-ounce) $2.74

2 8-bar boxes of granola bars $3.50

8 Cans of fruit cocktail (8.75 ounce) $4.72

2 Foam coolers $3.98

1 Manual can opener $.99

1 Fire extinguisher $44.99

2 Jugs of bleach (1-gallon) $1.94

1 Package of baby wipes (240-count) $4.34

8 Rolls of paper towels $5.94

12 Double rolls of bath tissue $5.79

1 First-aid kit $14.99

1 Box of antidiarrheal caplets (24-count) $3.99

1 Bottle of acetaminophen (50-count) $1.97

1 Bottle of aspirin (300-count) $2.14

1 Bottle of antacid tablets (72-count) $2.49

1 Can of insect repellent (6-ounce) $3.39

1 Flash camera with film $5.99

1 Mop $3.99

1 Mop bucket $3.49

1 Can of Penzoil Fix-A-Flat $3.99

1 Whistle $2.99

4 Flashlights, 8 batteries $7.98

2 12-Packs of D batteries $21.98

1 Portable radio $19.99

44 C batteries $42.75

2 Tiki citronella candles $7.98

1 Tarp (12 by 20 feet) $12.99

1 Rubbermaid container with cover (30-gallon) $8.99

1 Nine-piece tool kit $5.99

1 Bottle of ipecac syrup $3.29

1 Package of water-purification tablets (Treats 25 quarts) $4.50

1 Roll of Fiberglass screening ( 3 by 25 feet) $9.95

TOTAL WITH TAXES: $342.99

Tribune graphic

Reporter Steven Isbitts can be reached at (727) 451-2336.

Copyright © 2005, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO 5 CHART 2
Tribune photo illustration by BRUCE HOSKING (2) Disaster supplies for a family
of four filled two shopping carts at SuperTarget in Clearwater. The total cost
of the merchandise was more than $300. Tribune photos by BRUCE HOSKING John Nies
and Mary Henry, of Clearwater, had to use their wedding money to buy storm
supplies last year. Tribune photos by BRUCE HOSKING The Hillsborough County
hurricane guide recommends purchasing about two weeks' worth of nonperishable
food, such as soup. Matthew Parks and his wife, Shirley, of St. Petersburg, say
they don't plan to leave if a hurricane threatens Pinellas this year.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2005 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              683 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                              June 29, 2014 Sunday

3,670 tons of food per month needed to cover displaced families

LENGTH: 1011  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


The government has provided in-kind assistance of 25,000 metric tons of wheat to
the World Food Programme (WFP). Yet, 3,670 tons of food per month is needed to
cover the current caseload of over 36,800 families who have been displaced in
the wake of the ongoing military operation.



A key challenge is the delays that trucks carrying supplies have to face on
account of stringent security checks, informs the June 27 situation report
release by OCHA here on Friday. To date, donors have committed or contributed
over $18 million to support the provision of life-saving assistance to
Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs). According to OCHA, partners are preparing
to apply for Central Emergency Response Fund (CERF) to fast track the response.


With almost no new displacements since June 24, the number of people displaced
from North Waziristan Agency (NWA) remains at over 457,000 people, with more
than 74 per cent of them women and children. Over 90,000 people have reached
Khost, Afghanistan, where they are receiving assistance from humanitarian
partners and the government. Unverified reports, according to OCHA, indicate
that another approximately 10,000 people are in Paktika and have not been
assessed as yet.

As of June 27, the Federally Administered Tribal Areas (Fata) Disaster
Management Authority (FDMA) has registered 457,048 IDPs (36,904 families). Very
few registrations have taken place after the re-imposition of curfew from June
24. Reports from the field suggest that a potentially significant number of
families who arrived through unfrequented routes remain un-registered. The
majority of the displaced families are residing in Bannu district, with others
moving to Hangu, Lakki Marwat, Karak, Dera Ismail Khan, Charsadda, Tank and
Kohat districts in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, as well as to other parts of the country.


The National Database Registration Authority (NADRA) has started verifying the
registered families and so far 17,000 families have been verified according to
FDMA. Another 13,500 have been rejected on the basis of issues such as invalid
or expired CNICs or invalid family trees. UNHCR is working with FDMA on issues
related to registration. According to the OCHA update, people who moved to Bannu
are facing hardships due to overwhelmed facilities. Most IDPs are living with
friends and relatives or in public buildings and rented houses. Due to high
demand, house rents have gone up and the displaced families are finding it hard
to cope with the situation. A large number of people have to share small rooms
in scorching heat. The government's established camp in FR Bannu has attracted
only 28 families.

On June 27, the Prime Minister announced Rs20,000 for each family as Ramazan
Package. In addition, the government is providing cash assistance of $200 to
each registered family. Thereafter, each family will receive a monthly allowance
of $150. This new allowance aims to enable families to afford the rent required.
The government has distributed 8,000 SIM cards for the distribution of cash
grants; over 7,085 of these cards have been activated already. The Pakistan Army
has commenced distribution of food rations, as provided by the United Arab
Emirates. The humanitarian community is supporting the government in provision
of emergency health kits, non-food items and food packages.

The UN Department for Safety and Security (UN DSS) conducted an assessment of
the hosting districts on June 24-25 to identify possible locations for offices
and distribution points. A lot still needs to be done in the area of health.
Refresher trainings are needed for Lady Health Workers, Lady Health Visitors and
Midwives. Partner organisations need to join in to provide mother and child
health care services. There are only four female medical officers in Bannu;
there is need for more female medical staff. In the wake of upcoming malaria and
dengue season, mosquito nets and other measures for mosquito control are also
yet to be ensured. Partners also need to start nutrition projects with a prime
focus on IDP children in Bannu. Mental and psychological health issues need to
be addressed too.

According to the OCHA situation report, the World Health Organisation has
provided 12 Emergency Health Kits (enough for 6,000 population per month), one
Diarrhoea Disease Kit (enough for 9,000 population per month) and 50,000 Oral
Rehydration Solutions for Bannu. DDKs are already propositioned in Dera Ismail
Khan. Moreover, WHO's environmental health engineers have started baseline
survey of water quality in Bannu. Out of 395 tube wells in the district,
selected water sources are being assessed. WHO will guide chlorination and other
measures for safe drinking water; will provide hygiene kits and conduct
community health and hygiene sessions; and will conduct training sessions for
the staff of public health engineering department to strengthen capacity for
water testing and chlorination.

A three-day polio immunisation campaign in district Bannu and Dera Ismail Khan
concluded on June 26. Both Bannu and Dera Ismail Khan Expanded Programme on
Immunisation departments have prepositioned vaccines as per projected demand.
However, DHOs need to devise a plan for routine vaccination of children because
vaccination coverage in Fata is generally poor and the risk of these diseases
increases significantly, not only among the displaced population, but also for
the host community.

According to the initial Wash assessments conducted by local partners and
available secondary data, water and sanitation facilities are immediately needed
in formal and informal camps, particularly in schools and hosting communities
where IDPs have taken refuge. The general hygiene condition in the displaced
population is also very poor and the possibility of any WASH-related disease
outbreak cannot be ruled out. The tehsil management administration and fire
brigade are jointly distributing drinking water through water tankers. On June
27, they distributed 96,000 litres of drinking water to IDPs in Bannu City, the
OCHA situation report informs.


LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              684 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Camden Haven Courier

                           January 4, 2017 Wednesday
                           Internet & Print Editions

Volunteer effort honoured

SECTION: COMMUNITY NEWS

LENGTH: 334 words


A state-of-the-art training facility, a series of awards and grants have been
presented to emergency services volunteers in Port Macquarie, thanking them for
their commitment to serving the community.

Minister for Emergency Services David Elliott and Member for Port Macquarie
Leslie Williams recently opened a new $215,000 Marine Rescue NSW training
facility and boat shed in Harrington.

"Members of the Crowdy/Harrington unit now have the benefit of a dedicated
facility for their training activities," Mr Elliott said.

"The training facility is equipped with integrated technology, a kitchen and
amenities, as well as undercover protection for the unit's response vessel,
Crowdy 20, fuel utility and other equipment."

Mr Elliott also honoured 48 volunteers from NSW State Emergency Service (NSW
SES) Mid-North Coast Region who received National Medals and Long Service
Awards.

The recipients had more than 1,060 years of experience between them and were
honoured for their tireless work and commitment to their community.

"These awards are in recognition of the outstanding efforts shown by these 48
members who have dedicated many years to volunteering in the SES," he explained.

SES Port Macquarie Hasting Unit received a ClubGRANTS of $34,900 to build a
large outdoor shelter for sand bagging, training and storage.

SES Camden Haven Unit received a $5,000 grant for rescue equipment and water
rescue dummies.

Mrs Williams paid tribute to the volunteers in the Port Macquarie region for
assisting the community during floods, storms and other emergencies.

"The local community can be assured that Marine Rescue NSW and SES are equipped
to help them in a time of crisis," Mrs Williams said.

"Their committed effort responding to emergencies are greatly respected in the
community."

In Mr Elliott's capacity as the Minister for Veterans Affairs, he also awarded a
$1,000 grant for the Crowdy Head War Memorial, which opened in 2002.

The funds will go toward replacing two flagpoles on either side of the war
memorial.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2017 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              685 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Mudgee Guardian

                            October 25, 2016 Tuesday
                           Print & Internet Editions

Cooks Gap gets kitchen

LENGTH: 338 words


The Cooks Gap Bush Fire Brigade unveiled their upgraded kitchen facilities at
Shed 3 at Wollar on Friday.

The quality second-hand kitchen, complete with a new instantaneous hot water
system, was donated by Peabody Energy, Wilpinjong Coal Mine and installed with a
grant from Glencore and the help of Ben Powell Eelectical.

Wilpinjong Coal's donation of the kitchen follows their donation of four
emergency response trauma packs and a recent grant to $2000 towards the purchase
of LED lights for the fire trucks.

Glencore's $2500 grant was provided as part of their Community Investment
Program, which supports not-for-profit organisations in the local areas.

The grant covered the installation of the kitchen and the purchase of additional
cabinetry, painting supplies and electrical material.

Labour to complete the electrical work, including wiring of the hot water system
and the installation of a number of new power points, was volunteered by the
local electricians of Ben Powell Electrical.

Cooks Gap captain Greg Dunnicliff said the generosity and co-operation of the
neighbouring mines and local businesses in support of the Cooks Gape Fire
Brigade was very much appreciated.

He also thanked the brigade members who volunteered their time to assist with
the project, especially the previous executive committee for securing the grant
and Deputy Captain Colin Faulkner for undertaking the painting, trenching and
finishing touches.

Mr Dunnicliff said the kitchen would be used to support volunteers during calls
in the Wollar area, providing a place where volunteers can prepare sandwiches,
tea and coffee.

"The completion of the project is timely with the Bush Fire Danger Period now in
effect in our area," Cudgegong District Manager Troy Porter said.

"Residents are reminded that a Fire Permit is required before any burning
activities are carried out during the Bush Fire Danger Period. "

Fire permits are free and can be obtained by contacting the local brigade permit
officer of the Cudgegong Fire Control Centre on 6372 4434.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              686 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Mudgee Guardian

                            October 25, 2016 Tuesday
                           Internet & Print Editions

Cooks Gap gets kitchen

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 338 words


The Cooks Gap Bush Fire Brigade unveiled their upgraded kitchen facilities at
Shed 3 at Wollar on Friday.

The quality second-hand kitchen, complete with a new instantaneous hot water
system, was donated by Peabody Energy, Wilpinjong Coal Mine and installed with a
grant from Glencore and the help of Ben Powell Eelectical.

Wilpinjong Coal's donation of the kitchen follows their donation of four
emergency response trauma packs and a recent grant to $2000 towards the purchase
of LED lights for the fire trucks.

Glencore's $2500 grant was provided as part of their Community Investment
Program, which supports not-for-profit organisations in the local areas.

The grant covered the installation of the kitchen and the purchase of additional
cabinetry, painting supplies and electrical material.

Labour to complete the electrical work, including wiring of the hot water system
and the installation of a number of new power points, was volunteered by the
local electricians of Ben Powell Electrical.

Cooks Gap captain Greg Dunnicliff said the generosity and co-operation of the
neighbouring mines and local businesses in support of the Cooks Gape Fire
Brigade was very much appreciated.

He also thanked the brigade members who volunteered their time to assist with
the project, especially the previous executive committee for securing the grant
and Deputy Captain Colin Faulkner for undertaking the painting, trenching and
finishing touches.

Mr Dunnicliff said the kitchen would be used to support volunteers during calls
in the Wollar area, providing a place where volunteers can prepare sandwiches,
tea and coffee.

"The completion of the project is timely with the Bush Fire Danger Period now in
effect in our area," Cudgegong District Manager Troy Porter said.

"Residents are reminded that a Fire Permit is required before any burning
activities are carried out during the Bush Fire Danger Period. "

Fire permits are free and can be obtained by contacting the local brigade permit
officer of the Cudgegong Fire Control Centre on 6372 4434.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              687 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Columbian (Vancouver, Washington)

                           December 5, 2012 Wednesday

In our view: Better Response on the River

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 553 words


Powerful local partnerships can impress federal decision-makers in ways that
enhance a community's quality of life. And among many components in our local
quality of life is river safety, including first responders' ability to douse
fires, save lives, help contain toxic spills and answer other emergency
calls.In Southwest Washington, southern and western boundaries are defined by
the Columbia River. This is a place where numerous recreational and residential
marinas and moorages attest to our romance with the water. Heavy commercial
marine traffic shows how much businesses need the river.

That's why The Columbian extends high praise to the Vancouver Fire Department
for working closely with Clark County Fire & Rescue, the Port of Astoria and
the Coast Guard to secure a $2.6 million grant for enhanced emergency response
on the river. The grant from the Department of Homeland Security awards one
Quick Response Vessel (QRV) each to the city, the county and the Astoria port
to respond to fires, medical calls, chemical spills and technical rescues.
The Vancouver City Council unanimously approved the grant Monday night. Bids
will be solicited to build the vessels, which should be in the water in about a
year. Initial training is included in the grant, but those costs will have to
be taken over later by the local agencies.
Here are just a few reasons why this grant ranks high on the list of local
good-news stories:
None of the local agencies could have accomplished this alone. As Vancouver
Fire Chief Joe Molina said earlier this year, grant success "is all about
collaboration.   Our working relationships don't stop at city and state
borders."
Nor could the public sector accomplish this alone. Knowing this, the Vancouver
Fire Department obtained funding support from 80 private-sector partners,
including one anonymous Port of Vancouver business that pledged $10,000
annually for 10 years.
Vancouver will replace a small marine response vehicle that has no
fire-response capability with a 45-foot, state-of-the-art QRV that's twice as
big, twice as fast and packed with high-tech communication, radar, navigation
and firefighting equipment.
Clark County Fire & Rescue will use its 30-foot craft to replace a smaller
vessel bought on surplus eight years ago.
This grant answers a regional marine emergency response need that is so severe,
a waiver was granted by the feds for a local match to the federal funding.
Vancouver Fire Department gets about 100 emergency calls to the river each
year, and before the current, small emergency response vessel was obtained,
other boaters often were used for assistance.
Local and area economic development could be enhanced by obtaining this federal
grant. A wide array of companies that depend on the river will be more apt to
relocate to a community that has shown it is serious about modernizing its
capacity to handle emergencies.
On a larger scale, national security will be enhanced. The Federal Emergency
Management Agency grant was awarded through the federal agency's Port Security
Grant Program.
For these and other reasons, local residents should be proud of the fire
department and other officials who organized the complex public-private network
that is required to land such a large grant, and for turning an immense local
need into a source of local pride.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 The Columbian Publishing Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              688 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           November 1, 2012 Thursday

Maravilla Townhomes a unique development, thanks to interesting collaborative
effort

BYLINE: By Khalida Sarwari ksarwari@community-newspapers.com

SECTION: COMMUNITIES; News

LENGTH: 404 words


A new housing development at 555 W. Campbell Ave. has seen a flurry of activity
over the past few weeks as its occupants start to move in. In a few weeks, the
Maravilla Townhomes will be unveiled to the community at large.

A grand opening ceremony will be held on Nov. 14 to showcase 16 small-lot
single-family homes and 24 below market rate townhome units that are
interspersed with three water supply wells installed by the Santa Clara Valley
Water District to provide drinking water to Campbell, Cupertino, Santa Clara and
West San Jose neighborhoods in the event of an emergency.

The project was a collaboration between the water district, the city of
Campbell, Charities Housing and Summerhill Homes, a developer based in San
Ramon.

"It was a nice partnership of public and private and nonprofit," said project
manager Sharon Teeter.

The 1,500-square-foot homes each have two bedrooms and two baths, according to
Teeter. All 24 townhome units have been sold, she said. A third of the occupants
have already moved in, with the remainder set to move in the coming weeks.

The development project--one of the largest in Campbell--began more than seven
years ago, but construction didn't begin until November 2011, Teeter said,
adding that part of the reason was the slow economy. The project cost about $16
million and was funded with loans, including a $2.5 million grant in mortgage
loans from the state department of housing, a $200,000 loan for each buyer from
the city of Campbell and nearly $31,000 from the Housing Trust of Santa Clara
County. The Campbell Redevelopment Agency also loaned $3.9 million to Summerhill
Homes for the 24 townhome units, according to Teeter.

Tours of the water well houses will be offered at the Nov. 14, grand opening,
set for 3-4:30 p.m. at 555 W. Campbell Ave. Mayor Mike Kotowski and
representatives from the water district, Summerhill Homes and Charities Housing
are expected to attend.

Calling the new housing development "beautiful and creative," Kotowski invited
community members to come and see it for themselves.

"I'm proud that our Campbell community is growing, and at the same time we've
strengthened our city's emergency preparedness by providing a reliable source of
drinking water in the event of a local disaster," he said.

Due to limited street parking at the site, attendees are encouraged to park for
free at the Campbell Community Center and take a van transfer to the event.

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              689 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            December 31, 2004 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Deadline Extended To Apply For Hurricane Assistance

BYLINE: The Suncoast News

SECTION: PASCO; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 428 words

DATELINE: NEW PORT RICHEY


2 FEMA MOBILE AID OFFICES WILL BE OPEN

The Suncoast News

NEW PORT RICHEY -- Federal aid for 2004 hurricane victims has reached $3.3
billion. But with so many Floridians still seeking assistance, the application
deadline has been extended to Feb. 28.

State officials requested the extension of the deadline, which the Federal
Emergency Management Agency had set for today.

FEMA's mobile aid office will return to Port Richey Jan. 10-15 to assist
residents with paperwork.

It will be open from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. at the Pasco County Community Services
Complex, 8620 Galen Wilson Blvd., just north of Ridge Road.

"With registrations still averaging more than 1,500 a day, it is important to
keep the process open until everyone who suffered damage has a chance to call
and get registered for assistance," said Craig Fugate, FEMA's coordinating
officer in Florida.

In Pasco County, 3,892 applicants have become eligible for aid so far, FEMA
officials said.

Many of the 8,678 Pasco residents who registered for aid have not completed
applications, said Peg Thomas, a coordinator at the Pasco Office of Emergency
Management.

"It is critical that those applications be returned," Thomas said in a news
release.

To register, Floridians can call FEMA's toll-free number at 1-800-621-3362.
Residents who are speech- or hearing-impaired can call TTY at 1-800-462-7585.

Hours to register by phone are 6 a.m. to 10 p.m. seven days a week, except
holidays. Phone registration hours will change to 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. on Jan. 9.

Applicants also can register online at the FEMA Web site, www.fema.gov.

FEMA officials estimate 1.19 million storm victims have applied for federal and
state assistance through Dec. 22. The federal government has earmarked $3.28
billion for all victims of hurricanes Charley, Frances, Ivan and Jeanne, which
struck Florida between Aug. 13 and Sept. 26.

Statistics show that nearly $1.2 billion in grants went to residents in all 67
counties in Florida.

About $475 million of those grants went toward lodging expenses, rental
assistance and minimal home repairs.

Local governments shared in another $1.16 billion for emergency response, such
as aid stations providing food, water, ice or temporary roof patches.

The U.S. Small Business Administration has approved $825 million in low-interest
loans to repair storm-damaged homes and businesses.

Storm victims now occupy more than 13,000 mobile homes or travel homes.

National Flood Insurance Program claims number 26,297.

Copyright © 2004, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2004 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              690 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Africa - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            October 14, 2007 Sunday

Uganda receives 6m dollars in UN flood relief funding

LENGTH: 546 words


Text of report by Francis Mugerwa entitled "Uganda receives 6m dollars for flood
interventions" published by Ugandan newspaper Daily Monitor website on 14
October

Humanitarian agencies operating in Uganda have received a 6m dollars (10.4bn
shillings) grant from the [UN's] Central Emergency Response Fund (Cerf) for
emergency relief activities in response to the flooding that hit several parts
of eastern and northern Uganda. The grant is in response to a 41m-dollar Flash
Appeal launched by the relief agencies last month.

"These funds will be put to immediate use to benefit the thousands of who
require aid to cope with the effects of the floods," said Mr Theophane Nikyema,
the United Nations Humanitarian Coordinator for Uganda.

He said: "We cannot afford to think a few days of sun may solve the harm caused
by the rains. Instead we must recognise that only continued support for food
security and disease prevention will help to rebuild people's livelihoods." The
floods have left property worth millions of shillings destroyed and hundreds of
people displaced. The displaced people are in dire need of safe drinking water,
food, clothing, medicine and shelter.

Heavy showers have persisted in eastern and northern Uganda since July 2007,
destroying much of the first season harvest and disrupting second season
planting, hence raising concerns about food security.

Many families will require food aid to cover a ten-month hunger gap. The
flooding has also damaged shelter, water and sanitation facilities. Many homes
have collapsed, while most that remain standing have damp floors and crumbling
walls due to excessive moisture.

Most pit latrines have collapsed while those remaining are not safe for human
use. Rather than risk their lives, residents have chosen to defecate in the
bush. Most water sources like boreholes, have been contaminated, further
increasing the possibility of water borne diseases epidemics.

Many health centres in the affected areas had little or no supply of essential
drugs at the start of the emergency, while staffing levels are chronically low.

The government recently declared a state of emergency in the areas affected by
the floods. The police estimate that 20 people have so far been killed by the
rampaging waters since August. To arrest the situation, the humanitarian
agencies have been delivering relief supplies in the affected areas.

The agencies have distributed food aid to at least 120,000 people; established
temporary learning spaces and supporting approximately 10,000 Primary Leaving
Examinations (PLE) candidates. The relief organizations have constructed plastic
latrines for 20 worst-hit schools in every affected district. 5,000 bags of
cassava cuttings have been distributed to 4,000 households; supplied water
purification tablets to over 25,000 households as well as non-food items like
suace pans and plates to over 18,345 households.

The relief agencies appealed for the 41m dollars to help mitigate the effects on
floods on the communities. A statement dated 11 October, from the office of
Coordination Humanitarian affairs at the United Nation said UN agencies and
non-governmental organizations have formed a response plan about the floods.
[Passage omitted]

Source: Daily Monitor website, Kampala, in English 14 Oct 07

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2007 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              691 of 998 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                               February 16, 2017

                      Federal Emergency Management Agency

                                500 C Street SW
                                Washington 20472
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Calaveras County Receives $2.8 Million Water Treatment Grant

   Dec 31, 2015

   Calaveras County will receive a grant of approximately $2.8 million from the
Federal Emergency Management Agency and the California Governor's Office of
Emergency Services (Cal OES) for a water pretreatment facility located at the
Jenny Lind Water Treatment Plant, near the town of Jenny Lind.As a result of the
Butte Wildfire, which began Sept. 9, 2015, a pretreatment facility is now needed
to remove contaminants and sediments in the potable water supply. The
pretreatment facility will filter out debris, turbidity and heavy metals
discharged into the watershed that feeds the New Hogan Reservoir.FEMA pays 75
percent of the eligible costs with a 25 percent match by the Calaveras County
Water District. The total cost is projected to be $3.75 million. The Jenny Lind
Water Treatment Plant, which supplies water to 10,000 customers, receives water
from the Calaveras River, just downstream of the New Hogan Reservoir. The
reservoir will discharge these contaminants during heavy rains for up to 20
years. This grant comes from the FEMA Hazard Mitigation Grant program. These
grants are available to state, tribal, local governments and some non-profit
organizations. Sub-recipients propose projects to the Cal OES, which administers
the overall program and selects projects that meet the goal of reducing or
eliminating losses from future disasters. The fund is based on the amount of
money FEMA spends on Individual Assistance and Public Assistance in a specific
event. The total amount available is roughly equal to 20 percent of the funds
disbursed by the two programs, based on California's Enhanced Mitigation Plan,
which exceeds federal minimum requirements.


Christie Administration Announces Award Of $66 Million Fema Grant To Build Flood
Walls And Other Infrastructure To Protect Mcua Wastewater Pump Stations

   Oct 09, 2015

   The Christie Administration today announced that the Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA) has awarded the state more than $66 million to assist
the Middlesex County Utilities Authority (MCUA) with construction of flood walls
and related work that will protect two of its critical wastewater pump stations
from severe storms and flooding.The MCUA's Sayreville and Edison pump stations
were inundated by Superstorm Sandy's record storm surge in October 2012, causing
significant system failures and discharges of untreated wastewater into the
Raritan River and Raritan Bay. To mitigate the risk of this from happening in a
future severe storm, the pump stations and related MCUA infrastructure will be
undergoing a series of significant upgrades and protective measures using a
combination of federal funding and financing from the state.FEMA is providing
$55.5 million for the construction of a flood wall and related infrastructure
for the Sayreville pump station, the primary pump station in the MCUA system,
and another $10.6 million for the construction of a flood wall and related
infrastructure for the Edison pump station. "Hardening of our wastewater and
drinking water infrastructure against future storms and floods is a critical
component of making New Jersey stronger, safer and more resilient," said
Department of Environmental Protection Commissioner Bob Martin. "The DEP, in
partnership with the New Jersey Environmental Infrastructure Trust, has been
working very closely with the MCUA and numerous other facilities so that we
minimize the potential impacts of flooding and the chances of having the
widespread service disruptions and environmental impacts that we experienced
during Sandy." Across the state, operators of wastewater and drinking water
infrastructure are in the process of designing or have started work on a variety
of storm-resiliency projects, including replacing and hardening of pump
stations, restoring and protecting key treatment and administrative facilities,
constructing flood-protection walls and elevating existing walls, ensuring
backup power generators are protected, relocating infrastructure to safer
ground, and constructing pumping systems to prevent infrastructure inundation.
"We are grateful for the Hazard Mitigation portion of the FEMA grant funding as
it puts us on a path toward greater resiliency for our critical wastewater
pumping infrastructure," said Richard Fitamant, Executive Director of the
Middlesex County Utilities Authority. "Mitigating the effects of severe weather
events is more pressing every year, so we look forward to better safeguarding
our neighbors, the natural environment, and all those we serve." The MCUA serves
about 800,000 people in central New Jersey. The new flood walls and related
infrastructure will be designed to protect against a 1- in-500-year flood event.
The proposed perimeter flood wall for the Sayreville pump station will be
approximately 1,700 feet long and constructed with a designed top elevation of
21 feet above sea level, which is above the 500-year flood plain elevation and
takes into account waves associated with storm surge. The actual height of the
wall will range from five feet to nearly 14 feet above grade, accounting for the
existing elevations above sea level of the surface of the ground. The wall will
be constructed using cast-in-place concrete supported by piles and underlain
with a steel sheet-pile cutoff wall, extending up to about 30 feet below grade.
A 24-foot-wide flood gate will be installed at the station's entrance road. The
station will also be equipped with a system to prevent flood waters and storm
surge from backing up and inundating the pump station. A stormwater collection
and pump-out system will also be constructed to control stormwater within the
flood wall containment area. In addition, the existing electrical substation
will be relocated to the northeast corner of the facility, allowing for
construction of a stormwater overflow basin and new emergency backup power
system will be constructed. The proposed concrete flood wall system for the
smaller Edison pump station will be approximately 650 feet long with a design
top elevation of 23 feet above sea level. The pump station will also be equipped
with a system to collect and pump out stormwater. Costs not covered by the FEMA
grants will be funded through low-interest loans provided by the New Jersey
Environmental Infrastructure Trust, in partnership with the DEP.


FEMA awards $6m grant to Minot water treatment plant in North Dakota

   Aug 15, 2015

   The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) has awarded $6m grant to North
Dakota's City of Minot for helping it to protect water treatment plant and
continue operations during a flood, The Associated Press reported.US Senator
John Hoeven said that the money is the first installment of a second phase of a
project to improve flood protection for the plant.The water treatment plant is
the only source of drinkable water for the city, Minot Air Force Base and many
rural residents in the area. The $6m grant will be used in part to construct log
structures that would close a gap created by a road running through the levee in
the event of a flood, The Minot Daily News reported. Over 100,000 people were
put on a boil order when the plant was hit by Souris River flooding in 2011.


Commissioners hear proposal from wind energy company

   Jul 28, 2015




New Jersey's Cumberland County to use $1.25m FEMA grant for buying power
generators

   May 28, 2015

   The Cumberland County in New Jersey is looking to use a $1.25m Federal
Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) grant for purchasing new power generators,
NJ.com reported.The generators will be used to power emergency shelters and
emergency management facilities in the event of a massive power outage, during
storms.The Department of Homeland Security's FEMA has not awarded the grant
money yet. Emergency shelters in Cumberland County will use the latest
generators, especially the ones that are more susceptible to power outages such
as those in the Bayshore Region. When there is a major power outage, multiple
smaller shelters will be set up in addition to the main shelter at Cumberland
County College.


DOT Announces Final Rule To Strengthen Safe Transportation Of Flammable Liquids
By Rail

   May 01, 2015

   U.S. Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx announced a final rule for the
safe transportation of flammable liquids by rail. The final rule, developed by
the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (PHMSA) and Federal
Railroad Administration (FRA), in coordination with Canada, focuses on safety
improvements that are designed to prevent accidents, mitigate consequences in
the event of an accident, and support emergency response.The rule:Unveils a new,
enhanced tank car standard and an aggressive, risk-based retrofitting schedule
for older tank cars carrying crude oil and ethanol Requires a new braking
standard for certain trains that will offer a superior level of safety by
potentially reducing the severity of an accident, and the "pile-up effect"
Designates new operational protocols for trains transporting large volumes of
flammable liquids, such as routing requirements, speed restrictions, and
information for local government agenciesand Provides new sampling and testing
requirements to improve classification of energy products placed into transport.
Canada's Minister of Transport, Lisa Raitt, joined Secretary Foxx to announce
Canada's new tank car standards, which align with the U.S. standard. "Safety has
been our top priority at every step in the process for finalizing this rule,
which is a significant improvement over the current regulations and requirements
and will make transporting flammable liquids safer," said U.S. Transportation
Secretary Anthony Foxx. "Our close collaboration with Canada on new tank car
standards is recognition that the trains moving unprecedented amounts of crude
by rail are not U.S. or Canadian tank cars - they are part of a North American
fleet and a shared safety challenge." "This stronger, safer, more robust tank
car will protect communities on both sides of our shared border," said Minister
Raitt. "Through strong collaboration we have developed a harmonized solution for
North America's tank car fleet. I am hopeful that this kind of cooperation will
be a model for future Canada-U.S. partnership on transportation issues." Other
federal agencies are also working to make transporting flammable liquids safer.
The Department of Homeland Security (DHS), including the Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA), the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), and the
Department of Energy (DOE), in coordination with the White House, are pursuing
strategies to improve safety. DOE recently developed an initiative designed to
research and characterize tight and conventional crude oils based on key
chemical and physical properties, and to identify properties that may contribute
to increased likelihood and/or severity of combustion events that can arise
during handling and transport. This final rule represents the latest, and most
significant to date, in a series of nearly 30 actions that DOT has initiated
over the last nineteen months, including additional emergency orders, safety
advisories and other actions. Additional information about the rule: (Unless
stated otherwise, the rule applies to "high-hazard flammable trains" (HHFTs) --
a continuous block of 20 or more tank cars loaded with a flammable liquid or 35
or more tank cars loaded with a flammable liquid dispersed through a train.).
Enhanced Standards for New and Existing Tank Cars for use in an HHFT -- New tank
cars constructed after October 1, 2015, are required to meet the new DOT
Specification 117 design or performance criteria. The prescribed car has a 9/16
inch tank shell, 11 gauge jacket, 1/2 inch full-height head shield, thermal
protection, and improved pressure relief valves and bottom outlet valves.
Existing tank cars must be retrofitted with the same key components based on a
prescriptive, risk-based retrofit schedule (see table). As a result of the
aggressive, risk-based approach, the final rule will require replacing the
entire fleet of DOT-111 tank cars for Packing Group I, which covers most crude
shipped by rail, within three years and all non-jacketed CPC-1232s, in the same
service, within approximately five years. Enhanced Braking to Mitigate Damage in
Derailments -- The rule requires HHFTs to have in place a functioning two-way
end-of-train (EOT) device or a distributed power (DP) braking system. Trains
meeting the definition of a "high-hazard flammable unit train," or HHFUT (a
single train with 70 or more tank cars loaded with Class 3 flammable liquids),
with at least one tank car with Packing Group I materials, must be operated with
an electronically controlled pneumatic (ECP) braking system by January 1, 2021.
All other HHFUTs must have ECP braking systems installed after 2023. This
important, service-proven technology has been operated successfully for years in
certain services in the United States, Australia, and elsewhere. Reduced
Operating Speeds -- The rule restricts all HHFTs to 50 mph in all areas and
HHFTs containing any tank cars not meeting the enhanced tank car standards
required by this rule are restricted to operating at a 40 mph speed restriction
in high-threat urban areas. The 40 mph restriction for HHFTs without new or
retrofitted tank cars is also currently required under FRA's Emergency Order No.
30. Rail Routing - More Robust Risk Assessment -- Railroads operating HHFTs must
perform a routing analysis that considers, at a minimum, 27 safety and security
factors, including "track type, class, and maintenance schedule" and "track
grade and curvature," and select a route based on its findings. These planning
requirements are prescribed in 49 CFR Â§172.820. Rail Routing - Improves
Information Sharing -- Ensures that railroads provide State and/or regional
fusion centers, and State, local and tribal officials with a railroad point of
contact for information related to the routing of hazardous materials through
their jurisdictions. This replaces the proposed requirement for railroads to
notify State Emergency Response Commissions (SERCs) or other appropriate
state-designated entities about the operation of these trains through their
States. More Accurate Classification of Unrefined Petroleum-Based Products --
Offerors must develop and carry out sampling and testing programs for all
unrefined petroleum-based products, such as crude oil, to address the criteria
and frequency of sampling to improve and ensure accuracy. Offerors must certify
that hazardous materials subject to the program are packaged in accordance with
the test results, document the testing and sampling program outcomes, and make
that information available to DOT personnel upon request. The actions taken
today address several recommendations of the National Transportation Safety
Board, including: requiring enhanced safety features for tank cars carrying
ethanol and crude oil and an aggressive schedule to replace or retrofit existing
tank carsrequiring thermal protection and high-capacity pressure relieve valves
for tank cars in flammable liquid service, expanding hazardous materials route
planning and selection requirements for trains transporting flammable
liquidsinspecting shippers to ensure crude oil is properly classified and
requiring shippers to sufficiently test and document both physical and chemical
characteristics of hazardous materialsand providing a vehicle for reporting the
number of cars retrofitted.


DOT Agencies Take Coordinated Actions To Increase The Safe Transportation Of
Energy Products

   Apr 17, 2015

   The U.S. Department of Transportation (DOT) announced with its agencies, the
Federal Railroad Administration (FRA) and Pipeline and Hazardous Materials
Safety Administration (PHMSA), a package of targeted actions that will address
some of the issues identified in recent train accidents involving crude oil and
ethanol shipped by rail. The volume of crude oil being shipped by rail has
increased exponentially in recent years, and the number of significant accidents
involving trains carrying ethanol or crude oil is unprecedented."The boom in
crude oil production, and transportation of that crude, poses a serious threat
to public safety," stated U.S. Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx. "The
measures we are announcing today are a result of lessons learned from recent
accidents and are steps we are able to take today to improve safety. Our efforts
in partnership with agencies throughout this Administration show that this is
more than a transportation issue, and we are not done yet." These actions
represent the latest in a series of more than two dozen that DOT has initiated
over the last nineteen months to address the significant threat to public safety
that accidents involving trains carrying highly flammable liquids can represent.
Announcement includes one Emergency Order, two Safety Advisories, and notices to
industry intended to further enhance the safe shipment of Class 3 flammable
liquids. Actions Preliminary investigation of one recent derailment indicates
that a mechanical defect involving a broken tank car wheel may have caused or
contributed to the incident. The Federal Railroad Administration is therefore
recommending that only the highest skilled inspectors conduct brake and
mechanical inspections of trains transporting large quantities of flammable
liquids, and that industry decrease the threshold for wayside detectors that
measure wheel impacts, to ensure the wheel integrity of tank cars in those
trains. Recent accidents revealed that certain critical information about the
train and its cargo needs to be immediately available for use by emergency
responders or federal investigators who arrive on scene shortly after an
incident. To address the information gap, DOT is taking several actions to
remind both the oil industry and the rail industry of their obligation to
provide these critical details PHMSA is issuing a safety advisory reminding
carriers and shippers of the specific types of information (*listed below) that
they must make immediately available to emergency responders FRA and PHMSA are
issuing a joint safety advisory requesting that specific information (*listed
below) also be made readily available to investigators FRA is sending a request
to the Association of American Railroads asking the industry to develop a formal
process by which this specific information (*listed below) becomes available to
both emergency responders and investigators within 90 minutes of initial contact
with an investigator, and FRA submitted to the Federal Register a notice
proposing to expand the information collected on certain required accident
reports, so that information specific to accidents involving trains transporting
crude oil is reported. DOT has determined that public safety compels issuance of
an Emergency Order to require that trains transporting large amounts of Class 3
flammable liquid through certain highly populated areas adhere to a maximum
authorized operating speed limit of 40 miles per hour in High Threat Urban
Areas. Under the EO, an affected train is one that contains: 1) 20 or more
loaded tank cars in a continuous block, or 35 or more loaded tank cars, of Class
3 flammable liquidand, 2) at least one DOT Specification 111 (DOT-111) tank car
(including those built in accordance with Association of American Railroads
(AAR) Casualty Prevention Circular 1232 (CPC-1232)) loaded with a Class 3
flammable liquid. "These are important, common-sense steps that will protect
railroad employees and residents of communities along rail lines. Taking the
opportunity to review safety steps and to refresh information before moving
forward is a standard safety practice in many industries and we expect the
shipping and carrier industries to do the same," said Acting FRA Administrator
Sarah Feinberg. "Our first priority is to prevent these accidents from ever
happening," stated Acting PHMSA Administrator Tim Butters. "But when accidents
do occur, first responders need to have the right information quickly, so we are
reminding carriers and shippers of their responsibility to have the required
information readily available and up to date." The actions taken coincide with
actions being taken by other government agencies including the Department of
Homeland Security (DHS), the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), the
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), and the Department of Energy (DOE).
*Information required by PHMSA Safety Advisory Basic description and technical
name of the hazardous material the immediate hazard to health Risks of fire or
explosion Immediate precautions to be taken in the event of an accident
Immediate methods for handling fires Initial methods for handling spills or
leaks in the absence of fire Preliminary first aid measuresand 24-hour telephone
number for immediate access to product information. *Information sought by U.S.
DOT in the event of a crude-by-rail accident: Information on the train consist,
including the train number, locomotive(s), locomotives as distributed power,
end-of-train device information, number and position of tank cars in the train,
tank car reporting marks, and the tank car specifications and relevant
attributes of the tank cars in the train. Waybill (origin and destination)
information The Safety Data Sheet(s) or any other documents used to provide
comprehensive emergency response and incident mitigation information for Class 3
flammable liquids Results of any product testing undertaken prior to
transportation that was used to properly characterize the Class 3 flammable
liquids for transportation (initial testing) Results from any analysis of
product sample(s) (taken prior to being offered into transportation) from tank
car(s) involved in the derailment Date of acceptance as required to be noted on
shipping papers under 49 CFR Â§ 174.24. If a refined flammable liquid is
involved, the type of liquid and the name and location of the company extracting
the material The identification of the company having initial testing performed
(sampling and analysis of material) and information on the lab (if external)
conducting the analysis. Name and location of the company transporting the
material from well head to loading facility or terminal. Name and location of
the company that owns and that operates the terminal or loading facility that
loaded the product for rail transportation. Name of the Railroad(s) handling the
tank car(s) at any time from point of origin to destination and a timeline of
handling changes between railroads. Since 2013 there have been 23 crude-related
train accidents in the United States with the majority of incidents occurring
without the release of any crude oil product.


FEMA to Evaluate Readiness of Virginia

   Feb 03, 2015

   The Federal Emergency Management Agency will evaluate a Biennial Emergency
Preparedness Exercise at the Surry Power Station. The exercise will occur during
the week of February 9th to test the ability of the Commonwealth of Virginia to
respond to an emergency at the nuclear facility."These drills are held every
other year to evaluate government's ability to protect public health and
safety," said MaryAnn Tierney, Regional Administrator for FEMA Region III. "We
will assess state and local emergency response capabilities within the 10-mile
Emergency Planning Zone as well as the adjacent support jurisdictions within the
Commonwealth of Virginia."Within 90 days, FEMA will send its evaluation to the
Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) for use in licensing decisions. The final
report will be available to the public about 120 days after the exercise. FEMA
will present preliminary findings of the exercise in a public meeting at 11:00
a.m. on Friday, February 13, 2015 at the Newport News Town Center Hotel, 740
Town Center Drive, Newport News, VA 23606. Scheduled speakers include
representatives from FEMA, NRC, and the Commonwealth of Virginia.


Nearly $1.4 Million Awarded to New Mexico and Pueblo of Acoma for Irrigation
Channel Repair

   Dec 04, 2014

   Nearly $1.4 million was awarded recently to the Pueblo of Acoma in New Mexico
by the Federal Emergency Management Agency for repair of the Anzac Irrigation
Channel System. Nearly five miles of the concrete-lined channel received severe
damage as a result of torrential rains and severe flooding in Cibola County in
July and August 2010. Structural flaws and damages were revealed following the
removal of accumulated silt from the channel."We remain committed to assisting
tribal nations as they recover from natural disasters and rebuild critical
infrastructure," said FEMA Region 6 Administrator Tony Robinson. "The Pueblo fo
Acoma has a strong agricultural heritage. Rebuilding the channel will ensure
necessary irrigation for tribal farmlands in the future."This grant is part of
$3.7 million obligated to the Pueblo of Acoma, and part of mroe than $11.6
million in Public Assistance grants that have been obligated to the state of New
Mexico related to the severe storms and flooding in the summer of 2010. The
funding awarded represents a 75 percent federal cost share. FEMA awards funding
for projects directly to the state of New Mexicothe state then forwards the
grant to the eligible applicant.


West Frankfort city gets $6.4m grant for new watstewater treatment plant

   Oct 14, 2014

   The City of West Frankfort in Illinois, US, has secured $6.4m grant for
developing a new waste water management plant, wsiltv.com reported.The grant was
awarded by the US Congressman Bill Enyart as part of a Federal Emergency
Management Grant.Enyart said, "The old sewer plant was subject to flooding and
of course, every time the sewer plant flooded, then you had downstream pollution
that nobody wants, nobody needs. So this is going to take care of that problem."
West Frankfort mayor Tom Jordan said, "This is a mitigation grant. They have
decided that they need to solve this problem. So what they're going to do is
relocate that plant here on higher ground to take it out of the flooded area."
Jordan said the city will put around $2.5m toward upgrading the plant.


United Water Signs 20-Year Agreement with Nassau County, NY to Provide
Management and Operations of Wastewater System

   Sep 11, 2014

   United Water, one of the leading providers of water and wastewater services
in the nation, today signed an agreement with officials of Nassau County for a
20-year contract to operate, manage and maintain the county's wastewater
treatment plants, pumping stations and sewers. The system handles the sewage
from 1.2 million people on Long Island and treats it for disposal into
environmentally sensitive estuaries.United Water, a subsidiary of SUEZ
ENVIRONNEMENT, will be responsible for the largest water-related public-private
partnership to date in the US with a value of more than $1.2 billion. In
addition to hiring United Water as a management and operations expert, Nassau
County will invest more than $830 million in the sewer system over the next
several years.The County will make that investment with support from a grant it
has secured from the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) to permanently
fix damages wrought by Hurricane Sandy, which devastated much of the eastern
coast in 2012, and harden resilience to future storms. United Water will provide
industry-leading technology and management expertiseimprove the system's
operating efficiency and performance on environmental standardsclean discharges
to meet New York State Environmental Protection Department standardsand
eliminate odors from the Bay Park, Cedar Creek and the Glen Cove sewage
treatment plants. United Water will also provide unprecedented transparency on
its performance by posting operational data and live video feeds from facilities
and outflow pipes on its web site - an industry first. "As the largest
Public-Private Partnership of its kind in the US, the Nassau project represents
a milestone for our industry, and proves our ability to deliver our professional
resource management services on a project of this scale. It also demonstrates
another dimension to our flexibility and ability to create a bridge that
connects our expertise to meet municipal needs throughout North America," said
Bertrand Camus, Chief Executive Officer of United Water and of SUEZ
ENVIRONNEMENT North America. "In municipalities across the country, our firm has
been entrusted with one of the most important assets of any community: its water
supplies and sanitary sewage systems. Every day we treat billions of gallons of
water and we do it safely and effectively while bringing operational savings to
the taxpayer. We intend to bring that record of performance to Nassau County,
one of the most important suburban counties in the nation," Mr. Camus said.
"This partnership was formed to dramatically improve the County's ability to
protect our environment and the health and well-being of our residents. Together
with United Water, we will implement unprecedented advances in environmental
protection, odor control, management efficiencies, plant aesthetics and public
information. Furthermore, this effort permits a more effective and efficient
management of the plants and sewage system following the Federal government's
significant investment in storm hardening of our infrastructure," said Nassau
County Executive Edward P. Mangano. United Water will guarantee cost savings of
more than $230 million throughout the contract's duration. More than half the
savings will come from operational efficiencies and other benefits to the
county. These include reducing energy consumption, reducing chemical use,
reducing sludge generation and disposal costs, and reinforced with
industry-leading technology to control and manage the operations. The
partnership between United Water and Nassau County is supported by a broad range
of community and environmental advocacy groups including Operation SPLASH, the
Point Lookout Civic Association, the Nature Conservancy on Long Island,
Concerned Citizens for the Environment, Sludge Stoppers Taskforce and the New
York League of Conservation Voters.


NRC urges FEMA to review Entergy's application to remove two emergency positions


   Aug 14, 2014




FEMA to evaluate emergency preparedness at North Anna nuclear power station

   Jul 04, 2014

   The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) is planning to carry out a
biennial emergency preparedness exercise at Dominion's North Anna nuclear power
station, newsplex.com reported citing Associated Press.The exercise is scheduled
on July 7, 2014 and will test Virginia's ability to respond to an emergency at
the plant located about 40 miles northwest of Richmond.The FEMA will evaluate
state and local emergency response capabilities within the 10-mile emergency
planning zone along with the nearby support areas. Preliminary findings of the
exercise will be revealed by the agency during a public meeting on July 11, 2014
in Glen Allen. The evaluation by the FEMA will be submitted to the US Nuclear
Regulatory Commission within 90 days.


Prepare for Power Outages During Severe Weather Preparedness Week

   Mar 04, 2014

   As the nation continues to endure unprecedented winter weather, Generac joins
the Federal Emergency Management Agency and National Oceanic and Atmospheric
Agency to call for families and businesses to prepare for more severe weather in
2014 during National Severe Weather Preparedness Week, March 2 through March
8.It's no secret that weather is becoming more severe. In fact, the number of
weather events causing more than $1 billion in damage has steadily risen since
1980, a 34-year trend that shows no sign of abating. In fact, the damage is
exacerbated by lost income and productivity caused by extended power outages
that are a way of life when severe weather strikes. To combat the power outages
caused by weather events, Generac recommends homeowners add a
permanently-installed home standby generator to their preparedness plans.
Generac home standby generators automatically sense a power outage, turn on
automatically and provide power to your home, for hours or weeks, without
refueling. Keeping the power on without counting on gasoline supplies is
especially important as power outages keep most filling stations from operating,
leaving homeowners without reliable sources of fuel for portable generators.
Generac home standby generators connect to a home's natural gas or propane line,
ensuring the generator has a reliable source of fuel. Convenience store and
filling station operators have even more reason to prepare for outages. These
stores can lose more than $25,000 per day during an outage if their business
loses power. Additionally, the stores are critical to their communities for fuel
and necessities during times of outage. For them and other businesses, Generac
manufactures the industry's broadest line of commercial- and industrial-grade
backup power solutions that run on natural gas, propane, diesel or even a mix of
diesel and natural gas. They're a necessary part of any business-preparedness
plan. Local Generac dealers across the country are available to talk about how
generators can help homeowners and business owners be prepared for the upcoming
severe weather season.


NRC, FEMA to Discuss Preliminary Draft Changes to Emergency Preparedness
Criteria Oct. 29-31 in Rockville, Md.

   Oct 17, 2013

   Nuclear Regulatory Commission and Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA)
staff will meet with the public, state organizations and industry
representatives in Rockville, Md., on Oct. 29-31 to discuss proposed draft
revisions to the joint NRC/FEMA document on emergency planning for nuclear power
plants.The meeting will be held in Room T2B3 at the NRC's White Flint North
complex at 11555 Rockville Pike in Rockville. The meeting will run from 10 a.m.
â[#x20ac]" 5 p.m. on Tuesday, Oct. 29 and Wednesday, Oct. 30the meeting will run
from 1 â[#x20ac]" 5 p.m. on Thursday, Oct. 31. NRC and FEMA staff will review
draft guidance related to emergency classification, notifying the public about
an emergency and protective actions. The agenda includes opportunities for
public comment and questions, as well as interaction with the agencies' writing
teams.The agencies are working together to update Criteria for Preparation and
Evaluation of Radiological Emergency Response Plans and Preparedness in Support
of Nuclear Power Plants. This multiyear process for revising this guidance will
incorporate what's been learned since it was published in 1980. The draft
stakeholder revision documents are available on the regulations.gov website,
using Docket ID FEMA-2012-0026. The agencies expect to issue the draft guidance
for formal public comment in late 2014.


Nassau County Allocates $262m For Sewer System Upgrades

   Jul 16, 2013

   The Nassau county, Long Island New York, allocated a $262m of fund for sewer
system upgrades, Bloomberg reported citing Newsday. A part of the fund will go
for the electrical system repair at the Bay Park wastewater-treatment plant.
Around 90% of the project cost would be reimbursed by the Federal Emergency
Management Agency.


FEMA to Evaluate Readiness of Virginia

   Jul 05, 2013

   The Department of Homeland Security's Federal Emergency Management Agency
(FEMA) will evaluate a Plume and Ingestion Pathway Emergency Preparedness
Exercise at the Surry Power Station. The exercise will occur during the week of
July 15th to test the ability of the Commonwealth of Virginia to respond to an
emergency at the nuclear facility.The Plume Exercises are held every other year,
and the Ingestion Pathway Exercise is currently held every six years to test
government's ability to protect public health and safety, said MaryAnn Tierney,
Regional Administrator for FEMA Region III. We will assess state and local
emergency response capabilities within the 10-mile emergency-planning and the 50
mile Ingestion Planning zone of the nuclear facility.Within 90 days, FEMA will
send its evaluation to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) for use in
licensing decisions. The final report will be available to the public about 120
days after the exercise. FEMA will present preliminary findings of the exercise
in a public meeting at 11:00 a.m. on July 19, 2013 at the Newport News Town
Center Hotel, 740 Town Center Drive, Newport News, VA. Scheduled speakers
include representatives from FEMA, NRC, and the Commonwealth of Virginia. FEMA
created the Radiological Emergency Preparedness (REP) Program to (1) ensure the
health and safety of citizens living around commercial nuclear power plants
would be adequately protected in the event of a nuclear power plant accident and
(2) inform and educate the public about radiological emergency preparedness. REP
Program responsibilities cover only offsite activities, that is, state and local
government emergency planning and preparedness activities that take place beyond
the nuclear power plant boundaries. Onsite activities continue to be the
responsibility of the NRC.


TVA To Conduct Nuclear Exercise For Sequoyah Power Plant

   Oct 01, 2012

   The Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA) and other federal, state and local
agencies will conduct a regularly scheduled emergency preparedness exercise for
the Sequoyah nuclear plant on October 3, 2012 from approximately 7am to 3pm.The
exercise will involve more than 1,000 TVA and state of Tennessee employees and
emergency responders in Hamilton and Bradley counties. Residents may see
radiological monitoring teams or other responders in action as part of the
exercise and may hear on-site and off-site sirens sound.Representatives of the
Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) and the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory
Commission (NRC) will evaluate responders on the appropriateness of their
actions to ensure the health and safety of the public. The emergency exercise is
part of a long-term drill and exercise program. Utilities operating nuclear
power plants are required by the NRC to conduct emergency exercises annually.
Every two years, the FEMA evaluates the readiness of state and local agencies.
The FEMA will conduct a public meeting to discuss response to the exercise. The
public meeting is scheduled for 11am EDT, October 5, 2012, in the Tennessee
River Room at TVA's Chattanooga Office Complex, 1101 Market St.


NRC And FEMA Seek Public Input In Updating Emergency Preparedness Guidance

   Aug 30, 2012

   The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) and the Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA) will meet with the public, state and local officials
and other interested groups September 13, 2012 in Rockville, Maryland, to
discuss a proposed update to the agencies' guidance for emergency preparedness
plans at the US nuclear power plants.Both the NRC and FEMA currently evaluate
those plans using a single set of guidance, 'Criteria for Preparation and
Evaluation of Radiological Emergency Response Plans and Preparedness in Support
of Nuclear Power Plants'. The agencies are starting what is expected to be a
multiyear process for revising these criteria to incorporate what's been learned
since the guidance was published in 1980. This is the second of two explanatory
meetings before the process startsmany additional meetings will be held around
the country as the process continues.The meeting will run from 1 to 5pm in the
Commission Hearing Room at the NRC's White Flint complex at 11555 Rockville Pike
in Rockville. The public will have the opportunity to ask questions and provide
comments during the meeting.


NRC Cites Seabrook Nuclear Power Plant For Inspection Finding Of Low To Moderate
Safety Significance

   Aug 07, 2012

   The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) announced that Seabrook nuclear
power plant will receive additional oversight following the finalization of a
'White' (low to moderate safety significance) inspection finding for the
facility, which is located in Seabrook, New Hampshire, and operated by NextEra
Energy Seabrook, LLC.The inspection finding stems from an emergency exercise
conducted at the plant in April 2012. All US nuclear power plants are required
to undergo a graded full-scale emergency exercise once every two years. During
these exercises, the NRC assesses the company's on-site emergency response
capabilities, including the ability to evaluate and respond to a significant
event, and to communicate what is going on to state, county and local
authorities.Meanwhile, the Federal Emergency Management Agency assesses off-site
response. During the most recent emergency exercise for the Seabrook plant, on
April 17, 2012, NextEra personnel did not develop and make proper initial
protective action recommendations to the states, based on radiological
conditions at the time, although their recommendations did become correct as the
exercise scenario progressed. While some deficiencies can be expected in a
challenging exercise scenario, the NRC requires plant operators to identify the
issues, critique them and take appropriate corrective actions. The 'White'
inspection finding has to do with the fact that during the company's critique of
the exercise, conducted on April 17â[#x20ac]"19, 2012, plant personnel failed to
identify the error regarding the incorrect protective action recommendations. As
the NRC inspection report on the exercise states, this represents a 'performance
deficiency that was reasonably within NextEra's ability to foresee and prevent.'
The report also states that, 'Specifically, the failure of NextEra personnel to
effectively identify an exercise weakness associated with a risk-significant
planning standard caused a missed opportunity to identify and correct an
exercise-related performance deficiency.' Prior to the finalization of the
inspection finding, the company was offered the opportunity to take part in a
Regulatory Conference to present the NRC with additional information related to
the finding, but it declined the opportunity. However, NextEra did submit a
written response on June 21, 2012, in which it did not contest the finding but
did provide the results of a root cause analysis of the issue. The NRC will
perform a supplemental inspection at Seabrook to evaluate the company's
root-cause evaluation of the problem identified during the emergency exercise
and its corrective actions. NextEra will notify the agency once it is ready for
that review.


NRC And FEMA Seek Public Input In Updating Emergency Preparedness Guidance In
Kansas City, Missouri

   Aug 07, 2012

   The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) and the Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA) will meet with the public, state/local officials and
other interested groups on August 22, 2012, in Kansas City, Missouri, to discuss
a proposed update to the agencies' guidance for emergency preparedness plans at
US nuclear power plants.Both the NRC and FEMA currently evaluate those plans
using a single set of requirements, 'Criteria for Preparation and Evaluation of
Radiological Emergency Response Plans and Preparedness in Support of Nuclear
Power Plants'. The agencies are starting what is expected to be a multiyear
process for revising these criteria to incorporate what's been learned since the
guidance was published in 1980.The meeting will run from 1 to 5pm at the
Department of Agriculture, 6501 Beacon Drive, in Kansas city. The public will
have the opportunity to ask questions and provide comments during the meeting. A
similar meeting will be held at NRC Headquarters in Rockville, Maryland on
September 13, 2012.


FENOC Completes Emergency Operations Facility For Perry Nuclear Power Plant In
Concord, Ohio

   Jul 17, 2012

   FirstEnergy Nuclear Operating Company (FENOC), a subsidiary of FirstEnergy
Corp., announced that construction of the emergency operations facility for its
Perry Nuclear Power Plant has been completed. The new 12,000sq ft facility
supports overall management of activities related to maintaining public health
and safety during the unlikely event of an emergency at the plant.The facility
also will be used by Perry's emergency response organization during quarterly
training drills and bi-annual exercises evaluated by the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory
Commission (NRC) and the Federal Emergency Management Agency to assist
preparedness to respond to an emergency.Vito Kaminskas, vice president of Perry
Nuclear Power Plant, said, The new Emergency Operations Facility underscores
Perry and FENOC's commitment to protecting public health and safety, and
supports timely and efficient communications with emergency responders in the
unlikely event of an emergency at the plant. As per the company, features of the
new emergency operations facility include: enhanced technologies that aid in
timely monitoring and collection of environmental dataa secured, online database
for sharing plant conditions and other event information in real time between
company, local, county and state emergency respondersupdated computer
equipmentand diverse telecommunications technology to enhance communications
capabilities. In addition, multiple power supplies are designed to ensure the
facility will not be affected by a power failure. Located in Concord, Ohio, the
facility replaces an existing emergency operations facility located on site at
the Perry plant.


FENOC Completes New Emergency Operations Facility In Beaver Falls, Pennsylvania

   Mar 30, 2012

   FirstEnergy Nuclear Operating Company (FENOC) announced that construction of
the emergency operations facility for its Beaver Valley power station has been
completed. The new 12,000sq ft facility supports overall management of
activities related to maintaining public health and safety during the unlikely
event of an emergency at the plant.Located in Beaver Falls, Pennsylvania, the
facility replaces an existing emergency operations facility located on site at
the Beaver Valley station in Shippingport, Pennsylvania.The facility also will
be used by Beaver Valley's emergency response organization during quarterly
training drills and bi-annual exercises evaluated by the Nuclear Regulatory
Commission and the Federal Emergency Management Agency to ensure preparedness to
respond to an emergency. Features of the emergency operations facility include:
enhanced technologies that aid in timely monitoring and collection of
environmental dataa secured, online database for sharing plant conditions and
other event information in real time between company, local, county and state
emergency respondersupdated computer equipmentand diverse telecommunications
technology to enhance communications capabilities. In addition, multiple power
supplies ensure the facility will not be affected by a loss of offsite power.


FEMA Awards More Than $23.6m To Oklahoma To Help Repair Power Distribution
System

   Jan 12, 2012

   The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) recently awarded more than
$23.6m to the Oklahoma state for repair work on Harmon Electric Association,
Inc.'s power distribution system. Ice and high winds damaged the system during a
severe winter storm in early 2010. The funding covers re-wiring upgrades to meet
code compliance, as well as the installation of taller and mid-span power poles
in Beckham, Greer, Harmon, Jackson and Kiowa counties.Tony Russell, FEMA Region
6 administrator, said, We are committed to helping Oklahoma recover from this
severe winter storm. Electricity is a key component for the rebuilding of a
community, so it's imperative that power distribution systems are in good
working order before another disaster strikes.FEMA's public assistance program
funds represent the federal government's 75% cost share of the total estimated
$31.5m project. FEMA awards funding for projects directly to the state of
Oklahomathe state then forwards the grant to the eligible applicant. The purpose
of FEMA's public assistance program is to provide assistance to eligible state,
tribal and local governments, and certain types of private nonprofit
organizations so that communities can quickly respond to and recover from major
disasters or emergencies declared.


FEMA Awards Over $1.2m To Arkansas To Help Repair Power Distribution Systems

   Dec 06, 2011

   The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) recently awarded more than
$1.2m to the state of Arkansas for repair work on Arkansas Valley Electric
Cooperative, Inc. (Arkansas Valley Electric) power distribution systems in three
counties that were damaged in the aftermath of severe storms, tornadoes and
flooding in April 2011. The funding covered the replacement of hundreds of power
poles, transformers and wire in Franklin, Crawford and Johnson counties.Tony
Russell, FEMA's Region 6 administrator, said, Individuals, businesses and
communities need power as soon as possible after a disaster. We are committed to
helping our partners in Arkansas with their rebuilding and recovery
efforts.FEMA's Public Assistance (PA) program funds represent the federal
government's 75% cost share of the total estimated nearly $1.7m project. FEMA
awards funding for projects directly to the state of Arkansasthe state then
forwards the grant to the eligible applicant. The purpose of FEMA's Public
Assistance program is to provide assistance to eligible state, tribal and local
governments, and certain types of private nonprofit organizations so that
communities can quickly respond to and recover from major disasters or
emergencies declared.


TVA And Other Agencies To Conduct Emergency Preparedness Exercise For Browns
Ferry Nuclear Plant

   Dec 05, 2011

   The Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA), along with other federal, state and
local agencies will conduct an emergency preparedness exercise for Browns Ferry
nuclear plant on December 7, 2011.The exercise will involve about 1,000 TVA and
state of Tennessee employees and emergency responders in Lauderdale, Lawrence,
Limestone, Madison and Morgan counties.Residents of these counties may see
radiological monitoring teams or other responders in action as part of the
exercise and may hear on-site and off-site sirens sound. In addition, the drill
will include a joint information center at Calhoun Community's College Fine Arts
building.Representatives of the Federal Emergency Management Agency and the U.S.
Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) will evaluate responders on the
appropriateness of their actions to ensure the health and safety of the public.
The emergency exercise is part of a long-term drill and exercise program.
Utilities operating nuclear power plants are required by the NRC to conduct
emergency exercises annually. Every two years, the Federal Emergency Management
Agency evaluates the readiness of state and local agencies. Following the
exercise, FEMA will conduct a public meeting on December 9, 2011 to discuss the
response efforts. The public meeting is scheduled for 11am CST, in the Morgan
County Emergency Operations Center at the Morgan County Courthouse in Decatur,
Alabama.


ICF International Wins $15m Contract From DHS And FEMA To Implement REP Program

   Sep 07, 2011

   ICF International, Inc. (ICF International) won a contract from the U.S.
Department of Homeland Security (DHS), Federal Emergency Management Agency
(FEMA) to implement the agency's Radiological Emergency Preparedness (REP)
program. The contract is valued at more than $15m. The REP program will address
the need for communities surrounding the US's commercial nuclear power plants to
build robust, effective preparedness and response capabilities to deal with
potential radiological emergencies.The contract has a term of one base year and
four option years.Under the contract, ICF International brings a full range of
professional and program management support services, including 100 qualified
evaluators, to perform in-depth assessments of state and local emergency
preparedness surrounding US nuclear power plants at FEMA's full-scale exercises.
Additionally, ICF International experts will evaluate the adequacy of emergency
preparedness plans and will develop communications strategies and campaigns to
inform communities about emergency preparedness. ICF International also will
work with the agency to advise on revisions and updates to current policy and
regulatory documents necessary to fully integrate REP into the national
preparedness system. Andy Robinson, senior vice president for ICF International,
said, We are pleased to continue our efforts supporting FEMA and appreciate its
vote of confidence in us to continue the critical mission of protecting these
communities in the event of a radiological disaster. Backed by the expertise of
our people, the breadth of our knowledge, and state-of-the-art technology, ICF
is able to address the challenges inherent in programs like this while
continually improving processes and maintaining high-quality support for our
client.


Entergy Nuclear Facilities Continue Preparations For Hurricane Irene

   Aug 26, 2011

   Entergy Nuclear's Indian Point Energy Center in New York, Pilgrim Nuclear
Power Station in Massachusetts and Vermont Yankee Nuclear Power Station in
Vermont are continuing to track Hurricane Irene's path and potential for high
winds and rainfall as the storm approaches New York and New England.John Herron,
president and CEO of Entergy Nuclear, said, "Our nuclear plants are designed and
built to withstand extreme weather. Our team of expert personnel worked
diligently this past week to ensure our plants are prepared for any impacts
resulting from this storm."Entergy employees at each site began preparing for
the storm earlier this week and work is continuing to ensure each plant is
prepared for the worst conditions the storm is expected to deliver. In addition
to coordinating with the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, the Federal Emergency
Management Agency, and the New York Independent System Operator, preparations
for the storm include reviewing emergency staffing plans and verifying emergency
communications sources such as satellite phones and radios, communicating with
local and state emergency response organizations, and securing outside material
and equipment around the plant sites. Back-up diesel-powered generators are
available to provide electricity to plant safety systems if power from outside
sources is lost. In addition, in the event of a loss of offsite power, plants
are designed to safely shut down should they need to. Entergy Nuclear operators
at each site have ensured sufficient diesel generator fuel and water as part of
preparations to deal with an extended loss of off-site power in the event that
damage to area transmission lines interrupts that power source. Under severe
weather procedures, plant operators monitoring area wind speeds may actually
take precautionary actions to begin shutting the plants down prior to those
winds reaching the site.


City Of Newport News To Participate In Surry Nuclear Power Station's Emergency
Exercise

   Jul 18, 2011

   City of Newport News announced that its response personnel will participate
in the Virginia operations plan exercise (VOPEX) on July 19, 2011. This
bi-annual full-scale exercise is a simulated radiological emergency involving
Dominion Virginia Power's Surry nuclear power station and is designed to test
the emergency response plans developed for the Surry power station, the
Commonwealth and localities surrounding the power station in the unlikely event
of a radiological emergency.During the exercise, City of Newport News will
activate its emergency operations center (EOC), practice traffic control
measures in the field, demonstrate back-up route alerting, have radiological
monitoring teams take simulated field readings, and communicate via radio.All
localities within 10 miles of the power station (Surry county, Isle of Wight
county, York county, James City county, Williamsburg, and City of Newport News)
will participate in the exercise, as well as Dominion Virginia Power, state
response personnel, and four additional localities (Hampton, Poquoson, New Kent
county and Charles City county). The Federal Emergency Management Agency will
evaluate the exercise and will review the success of the exercise at a public
meeting on July 22, 2011.


FEMA Plans To Inspect Surry Nuclear Power Station

   Jul 12, 2011

   The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) plans to inspect the Surry
nuclear power station on July 18, 2011 in order to ensure that the plant is
ready for any emergency, whsv.com reported. Dominion Virginia Power operates the
Surry power station. FEMA plans to announce the results one week after the
inspection.


FEMA Provides More Than $2.7 Million To Virginia For Severe Storms Cleanup

Jan 12, 2011

The U.S. Department of Homeland Security's Federal Emergency Management Agency
(FEMA) announced the approval of an additional $2,769,747 in federal funds to
the Commonwealth of Virginia for severe storm cleanup in February 2010. To-date,
more than $41.6 million has been approved statewide for Virginia applicants
affected by the disasters. The funding was awarded to Fairfax county public
schools and the Rappahannock Electric Cooperative.The Fairfax County public
schools received more than $1 million for costs associated with snow removal
efforts on school-maintained lots and roadways within the school district. The
grant, plus administrative costs, represents a 75% federal share of the project
costs, which total more than $1,457,796. Expenses included costs for labor,
materials, snow removal equipment, contractor services, salt material, and
employees' meals.The Rappahannock Electric Cooperative has been granted more
than $1.6 million for costs associated with the repair of downed electrical
lines and restoration of power caused by heavy snowfall. The grant, plus
administrative costs, represents a 75% federal share of the project costs, which
total more than $2.2 million. Expenses included costs for labor, materials, snow
removal equipment, and contractor services. These emergency protective measures
were taken in the jurisdictions of Albemarle, Caroline, Culpeper, Essex,
Fauquier, Greene, Louisa, Madison, Orange, Rappahannock, Spotsylvania, and
Stafford. For each of these grants, the remaining 25% will be paid with
non-federal funds determined by the state and localities. Additional funding may
be approved as FEMA processes the remaining project worksheets for Virginia's
two snow disaster declarations. Under FEMA's Public Assistance program, funding
is provided to the state, eligible local governments, and certain private
nonprofit organizations on a cost-sharing basis. FEMA is responsible for
managing the program, approving grants, and providing technical assistance to
the state and applicants. The state educates potential applicants, works with
FEMA to manage the program, and is responsible for implementing and monitoring
the grants awarded under the program. Local officials are responsible for
identifying damage, providing information necessary for FEMA to approve grants,
and managing each project funded under the program.


FEMA Provides More Than $2.5 Million To Washington, D.C. For Severe Storms
Cleanup

Jan 12, 2011

The U.S. Department of Homeland Security's Federal Emergency Management Agency
(FEMA) has approved an additional more than $2.5 million in federal funds to
Washington, D.C., for severe storm cleanup in February 2010. To-date, more than
$11.1 million has been approved for district applicants affected by the
disasters. The funding has been awarded to the District Department of
Transportation (DDOT) as well as the Washington Metropolitan Area Transit
Authority (WMATA).The DDOT has been awarded more than $1.5 million for
reimbursement of expenses related to snow removal and hauling efforts on
department-maintained roadways. The grant represents a 75% federal share of the
project costs, which total more than $2 million.The WMATA has been awarded more
than $1 million for snow removal efforts, which included clearing snow and ice
and providing de-icers and abrasives to the Metro Authority's lots, walkways,
stations and platforms. The grant represents a 75% federal share of the project
costs, which total more than $1.3 million. For each of these grants, the
remaining 25% will be paid with non-federal funds determined by the district.
Additional funding may be approved as FEMA processes the remaining project
worksheets for the district's two disaster declarations. Under FEMA's Public
Assistance program, funding is available to the state, eligible local
governments, and certain private nonprofit organizations on a cost-sharing
basis. FEMA is responsible for managing the program, approving grants, and
providing technical assistance to the state and applicants. The state educates
potential applicants, works with FEMA to manage the program, and is responsible
for implementing and monitoring the grants awarded under the program. Local
officials are responsible for identifying damage, providing information
necessary for FEMA to approve grants, and managing each project funded under the
program.


FEMA Provides More Than $11.5 Million To Maryland For Severe Storms Cleanup

Jan 12, 2011

The U.S. Department of Homeland Security's Federal Emergency Management Agency
(FEMA) has approved an additional more than $11.5 million in federal funds to
Maryland for severe storm cleanup in February 2010. To-date, more than $80.9
million has been approved statewide for Maryland applicants affected by the
disasters. The funding has been awarded to the Upper Marlboro Office of the
State Highway Administration, Baltimore County, and the Montgomery County
Department of Public Works.The Upper Marlboro Office of the State Highway
Administration has been awarded more than $1 million for the reimbursement of
snow removal efforts on state highways, employee overtime, materials, and 3,796
tons of salt. The grant represents a 75% federal share of the project costs,
which total more than $1.3 million.Baltimore County has been awarded more than
$4 million for the reimbursement of snow removal efforts on county-maintained
roadways, including labor and overtime costs for employees, salt materials, and
contractor services. The grant represents a 75% federal share of the project
costs, which total more than $5.3 million. The Montgomery County Department of
Public Works has been awarded more than $6.4 million for manpower, equipment,
and materials to cleanup county-maintained roadways. The grant represents a 75%
federal share of the project costs, which total more than $8.6 million. For each
of these grants, the remaining 25% will be paid with non-federal funds
determined by the state. Additional funding may be approved as FEMA processes
the remaining project worksheets for Maryland's two snow disaster declarations
issued for the December 2009 and February 2010 storms. Under FEMA's Public
Assistance program, funding is provided to the state, eligible local
governments, and certain private nonprofit organizations on a cost-sharing
basis. FEMA is responsible for managing the program, approving grants, and
providing technical assistance to the state and applicants. The state educates
potential applicants, works with FEMA to manage the program, and is responsible
for implementing and monitoring the grants awarded under the program. Local
officials are responsible for identifying damage, providing information
necessary for FEMA to approve grants, and managing each project funded under the
program.


North Anna Radiological Emergency Preparedness Exercise Set For July 20, 2010:
VDEM

Jul 13, 2010

Virginia Department of Emergency Management (VDEM) announced that response
personnel from state and local government and Dominion Virginia Power will
demonstrate their ability to protect the public health and safety in a
full-scale exercise on July 20, 2010 for the utility's North Anna nuclear power
station. The exercise will involve localities within 10 miles of the power
station.VDEM said that it will lead the Virginia operations plan exercise
(VOPEX), a simulated radiological emergency, to help state and local governments
test their response procedures in the unlikely event of a radiological
emergency. These annual exercises rotate between the Surry and North Anna
nuclear power stations.Response agencies and local government representatives
will role-play their emergency operations functions from the state and local
government emergency operations centers. Participating localities include
Caroline, Hanover, Louisa, Orange and Spotsylvania counties. Law enforcement
personnel will practice traffic control measures in the field. Local and state
radiological monitoring teams will take simulated field readings and communicate
via radio. The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) will monitor the
progress of the drill and conduct an in-depth analysis of the results, detailing
areas needing improvement. FEMA will review the success of the exercise at a
public meeting on July 23, 2010.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2017


                              692 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                             March 7, 2013 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

CPR at senior-living sites: Read fine print

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 978 words


The recent death of an 87-year-old woman at an independent living facility in
California, as a nurse following company policy refused to administer CPR, has
stunned advocates for seniors and people in the business of elder care alike.

Now they are warning seniors to read the fine print before moving into such
accommodations and wondering what else should be done to ensure medical
assistance where they say most people would expect it.

"It never occurred to me that CPR might not be provided in an independent living
facility," said Robyn Grant, director of public policy and advocacy for The
National Consumer Voice for Quality Longterm Care in Washington.

"This is certainly a wake-up call. This is something else consumers are going to
have to ask about," Grant said.

In Florida and other states, assisted living facilities are regulated but
independent living facilities are not, though the two are often sold as a
package to seniors looking for a comfortable community with perhaps meals and
transportation now and medical assistance should they need it down the road.

Even so, denying CPR to a resident who collapses in front of a staff member
seems unfathomable to Tom Smith, executive director of Harbour's Edge in Delray
Beach.

"I would say if staff is CPR certified, they ought to be performing CPR," said
Smith, who could think of no company policy that would forbid it.

That was not the case at Glenwood Gardens retirement community in Bakersfield,
Calif. where Lorraine Bayless collapsed last week.

A woman identifying herself as a nurse called 911 for help, but refused the
dispatcher's plea to start CPR, saying it was against the facility's policy.

"I understand if your boss is telling you you can't do it," the dispatcher said.
"But ... as a human being ... you know ... is there anybody that's willing to
help this lady and not let her die?"

"Um, not at this time," the nurse replied.

In the course of the seven-minute, 16-second call, dispatcher Tracey Halvorson
assured the nurse that Glenwood couldn't be sued if something went wrong.
Halvorson also implored the nurse to find a passerby or some other stranger who
would act.

But no one did until paramedics arrived, by which point Bayless had no pulse and
wasn't breathing. Bayless was declared dead at a hospital.

Glenwood Gardens Executive Director Jeffrey Toomer said in a statement this week
that the nurse did follow policy.

"In the event of a health emergency at this independent living community our
practice is to immediately call emergency medical personnel for assistance and
to wait with the individual needing attention until such personnel arrives,"
Toomer wrote. "That is the protocol we followed."

A spokesman for Glenwood Gardens' owner, Brookdale Senior Living Inc. in
Tennessee, told CNN that the nurse was hired to be the resident services
director and "that is the capacity in which she was serving."

Toomer offered condolences to the woman's family and said a thorough internal
review of the incident would be conducted, The Associated Press reported. The
company said Wednesday the employee is on voluntary leave while the case is
being investigated.

Toomer told KGET-TV that residents of the facility are informed of the policy
and agree to it when they move in. He said the policy does not apply at the
adjacent assisted living and skilled nursing facilities.

It's not uncommon for senior communities to offer a continuum from independent
living to assisted living .

At Harbour's Edge, residents buy a package that offers apartment-style
independent living, including meals that can be taken in a common dining area.
The package allows those residents to transfer into more managed care in the
assisted living facility should the need arise, Smith said.

But even residents in the 266 apartments on the independent living side can call
staff for help or dial 911.

"They can do both. We have an alert system, it's a pull cord and someone will
come to their assistance. It's not infrequent that someone could call 911. And
cords get pulled daily. Sometimes it's as simple as someone needs a glass of
water and sometimes more," Smith said.

MorseLife also offers independent and assisted living. Tradition of the Palm
Beaches, as the independent side is called, has a medical clinic, said spokesman
Greg Goodman.

"We have a nurse and staff who are doing what we need to do before EMS gets
there," Goodman said of emergencies.

The fact that the two living situations are often on the same property can lead
to confusion, said Grant, with the Consumer Voice for Quality Longterm Care.

"On the part of consumers, there's some assumption," Grant said. "It's not just
like an apartment you're moving into. It's more than that. There's the idea
that's implied that this is a kind of safer setting for something than if they
were living on their own."

It's not clear how manyfacilities have policies like those at Glenwood Gardens.
No federal law or regulation addresses the question, Grant said.

In Florida, only the assisted living sides of these facilities fall under the
Agency for Health Care Administration and laws for staffing, including
requirements that someone certified in CPR be on duty at all times.

But in independent living facilities where there is no medical staff and
residents live in individual units, the establishment is licensed as an
apartment, according to Florida's Department of Business and Professional
Regulation. Its jurisdiction covers only the safety and sanitation of the common
areas, said spokeswoman Sandi Copes Poreda.

As for refusing to help someone in need, neither doctors nor passersby have a
legal obligation in Florida to render aid, said West Palm Beach attorney Julie
Littky-Rubin. She said medical professionals have higher protection against
being sued by those they help or their families. "No person has a duty to
undertake to help somebody."

sisger@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              693 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                     October 06, 2000 Friday, NORTH EDITION

Gardner will do study on drinking-water safety

BYLINE: Mary Jo Hill; TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 296 words

DATELINE: GARDNER



- Gardner will receive state grant money to put together a report about
potential threats to its drinking water and how the water can be protected.

The water protection plan will cover Cowee Pond, Perley Brook Reservoir and
Crystal Lake.

The city's grant award is $17,000, and there is no matching amount required.
Gardner was one of 31 public water suppliers in the state to share in $743,283
in state technical assistance grants.

The money will be used to help protect community drinking water sources. Other
suppliers' plans for the grant money include the design of storm-water
improvements and emergency response simulations.

Although Gardner has a water protection plan, it is about 10 years old and needs
to be updated, said Arthur E. Young, the city engineer.

As the city puts together a new plan, officials will pinpoint potential problems
with the water supply, said Kathy A. Romero, a regional planner in the drinking
water program for the state Department of Environmental Protection.

One example of a problem that water suppliers might consider is wildlife, such
as geese or beavers, that can spread disease-causing pathogens, said Mrs.
Romero.

You want to know where your potential problems are,'' Mr. Young said.

The city also will lay out what actions it plans to take, Mrs. Romero said.

Having these potential problems and protective actions put down in a water
protection plan is especially helpful if there is a turnover in staff, Mrs.
Romero said. And it lets the public know the city is thinking about how to
protect the drinking water, she said.

Plus, there could be a payoff for the city.

A DEP-approved water protection plan gives Gardner more points when it applies
for grant money from the agency, Mrs. Romero said.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2000 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                              694 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Daily Liberal

                             March 20, 2017 Monday
                           Internet & Print Editions

Coulton's catch up

BYLINE: Mark Coulton

LENGTH: 592 words


The announcement that Natural Disaster Relief Assistance Recovery Grant status
now applies for landholders impacted by the 12 February, Sir Ivan fires was
fantastic news.

The Category C grants will entitle bona fide primary producers to access funds
of up to $15,000 which can be used to repair infrastructure like fencing and
water systems, the cost of disposing of dead livestock, purchasing fodder and
re-sowing or repairing perennial pastures. Right from the outset I have been
working hard with my Federal colleagues to have this application signed off by
Prime Minister Turnbull and this announcement will give great relief. In fact I
was assured by a local shire councillor and emergency co-ordination staff that
this application had "gone through in record time". So I would like to pay
tribute for their assistance to neighbouring Federal MP, the Deputy Prime
Minister and Agriculture and Water Resources Minister, Barnaby Joyce as well as
state colleagues, Barwon MP, Kevin Humphries, Dubbo MP, Troy Grant and Upper
Hunter MP, Michael Johnsen.

I also welcome the declaration by the Minister for Revenue and Financial
Services, Kelly O'Dwyer, that the February 2017 'Sir Ivan Fires' bushfires were
a disaster for the purposes of establishing Australian disaster relief funds. I
know that Australians have big hearts and this declaration will allow new funds
and qualifying existing funds established for the relief of people affected by
the Sir Ivan Fires to receive tax deductible donations. I'm really pleased that
Minister O'Dwyer understood the significant impact of this natural disaster and
acted quickly to help those in need.

I'd like to congratulate the communities across the Parke Electorate who have
already organised an event on Harmony Day, March 21 as they are part of
Australia's largest national multicultural event. Harmony Day gives communities
across the Electorate the opportunity to celebrate Australia's cultural
diversity and recognise local groups and individuals. Australia's cultural
diversity helps make us who we are.

Harmony Day promotes a sense of belonging for everyone and I'm pleased to see
Parkes Electorate celebrating again with some great events this year.
Communities and schools in Broken Hill, Bourke, Walgett, Collarenebri, Moree,
Gunnedah, Curlewis as well as Dubbo South Campus, Dunedoo Central School,
Dubbo's Bangamalanha Centre and Buninyong School and Community Centre are all
hosting Harmony Day events. We should celebrate and talk about the benefits of
our cultural diversity - how it brings us together, contributes to our economy
and helps to create innovation in our multicultural society.

Contrary to the scare campaign being peddled on schools funding by the Teachers'
Federation, the Coalition Government's Quality Schools, Quality Outcomes policy
will deliver record funding to schools that is needs-based and tied to
evidence-based initiatives that will lift outcomes for Australia's children.
There are no funding cuts. Simply, schools funding under the Coalition
government will grow from already-record levels. The Coalition government is
growing investment in schools from $16 billion in 2016 to $20.1 billion in 2020,
on top of more than $14 billion the Coalition has been delivering for regional
and remote schools since 2013. That is funding above inflation and above
enrolment growth projections. Funding growth means there's no reason schools
won't be able to continue to support teachers and new or existing initiatives,
such as specialist teachers or targeted intervention programs.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2017 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              695 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bakersfield Californian

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              May 17, 2015 Sunday

The Bakersfield Californian Lois Henry column

BYLINE: Lois Henry, The Bakersfield Californian

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 902 words


May 17--I fear more and more people will soon experience first-hand the lack of
a true disaster plan for our prolonged drought.

I wrote last year about how the plights of several small towns and neighborhoods
in Tulare County had revealed how terribly unprepared California is for one of
our most regularly occurring disasters.

Now it's happening in Kern County.

Kern, like most valley counties, is speckled with individual wells serving
single homes and small community wells that serve from four to 20 homes.

Since the beginning of the year four domestic wells have gone dry near Arvin,
Wasco and Caliente, according to what's been reported to the Kern County
Environmental Health Department.

But that's just the tip of the iceberg.

At least 22 wells have gone dry or may go dry in the Rosedale area, according to
Van Grayer, general manager of Vaughn Mutual Water Co., which serves about
10,000 customers in northwest metropolitan Bakersfield.

The owners of those wells have all come to Vaughn seeking emergency tie-ins. An
emergency tie-in isn't cheap. It typically costs between $10,000 and $15,000
depending on where the infrastructure is, with water costs added on top of that.
And it typically provides only enough to meet cooking and bathroom needs.

So what are well owners' options?

In the short term, there is some help. It's the long-term that's the bigger
question, but we'll come back to that.

The state has made money available through the California Drought Assistance Act
that counties can use to provide aid directly to residents, according to
Georgiana Armstrong of the Kern County Office of Emergency Services.

Typically, state disaster relief money comes in the form of a 75 percent
reimbursement to local governments.

Now, counties can contract with non-profits to provide relief and the state will
pay 100 percent of the non-profit's costs.

"It's remarkable," Armstrong said of the freedom that change has given counties.

Which is why Kern recently contracted with Self-Help Enterprises, a non-profit
housing and community development organization based in Visalia, to provide
emergency relief for local residents whose wells have gone dry.

The plan is, if an individual or small community well goes dry, residents' first
point of contact will be the Kern County Environmental Health Department, which
will immediately send someone out to verify the dry well.

Then Self-Help will contact the resident, confirm the situation and develop
options such as trucking in water to refill a tank, bringing in a water tank,
helping hook the resident up to a larger system, etc.

The goal is for Self-Help to have an assessment done within 72 hours and
emergency water to the resident within a week, Armstrong said.

"Now we're looking at what the county can do to assist in the interim, how to
keep residents in their homes with water for those few days."

The American Red Cross is already working to cache bottled water in various
areas around the county where problems have occurred in the past, so it can
respond in hours.

"This is a new kind of disaster for us, for the state," Armstrong said. "So a
lot of these systems are being developed and discussed as they're happening. The
drought is so complicated and this is one small piece."

Long -term solutions are much more difficult, particularly because of funding.
Wells owned by individuals are the worst off. That's because state and federal
funds cannot be used to enhance private property, explained Paul Boyer with
Self-Help.

"They really have to find their own resources," Boyer said of individual well
owners.

The best they can hope for is a low-interest federal loan but they must qualify
as low-income and rural. Or a credit union might make an unsecured loan to drill
a new well. But most banks won't loan money on a property that doesn't have
water, putting owners in a real Catch-22, Boyer said.

Community wells stand a better chance of getting state or federal help. But that
money is often geared toward narrowly defined circumstances, Boyer said.

"If a community well has, say, 15 connections and serves more than 25 people,
it's considered a community well and can qualify for certain types of funding,"
Boyer said. "But if it has five to 14 connections it's not eligible for the same
types of funding and if it has less than five connections, it's not considered a
system at all. So it's different for each one."

Part of Self-Help's mission is to sort through what funding is available from
which state or federal pot and try to fit those grants to people in need.

As the drought has dragged on, that's becoming a taller order every day.

Particularly if a new well is needed. Boyer said Self-Help has to put together
two or three sources of funding to drill a new well, which can cost $30,000. It
has more than 200 families on its waiting list for new wells and help for only
about 30.

Of all the changes this historic drought may spur in California, I certainly
hope one is that we come up with an actual plan for how to help residents
through the next one.

And there will be a next one.

Opinions expressed in this column are those of Lois Henry. Her column runs
Wednesdays and Sundays. Comment at http://www.bakersfield.com, call her at
395-7373 or email lhenry@bakersfield.com

___ (c)2015 The Bakersfield Californian (Bakersfield, Calif.) Visit The
Bakersfield Californian (Bakersfield, Calif.) at www.bakersfield.com Distributed
by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150517-BK-The-Bakersfield-Californian-Lois-Henry-column-0517-20150517

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BK


                   Copyright 2015 The Bakersfield Californian


                              696 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 25, 2016 Monday

Coastal program accepting pre-proposals for 2017 grant funding

LENGTH: 425  words

DATELINE: New York



 Indianapolis:The Indiana Department of Natural Resources has issued the
following press release:



 DNR's Lake Michigan Coastal Program is now accepting pre-proposals from
eligible applicants for the 2017 Coastal Grants Program Funding Cycle until
Sept. 16.





 Pre-proposals that receive favorable recommendation from the Coastal Advisory
Board will then be eligible for full application submission. Funding will be
available in August 2017.



 Grant workshops will be held:



 --Thursday, July 28, at 10 a.m., at Indiana Dunes State Park Nature Center,
Chesterton. This workshop also will be available in real-time via webinar at
www.webinar.in.gov/dnrdunesnc.



 --Tuesday, Aug. 2, at 1 p.m., at Michigan City Hall, Emergency Operations
Center, 100 E. Michigan Blvd., Michigan City.



 --Thursday, Aug. 4, at 1 p.m., at Crown Point Community Library, 122 N. Main
St., Crown Point.



 The LMCP is an annual competitive grants program that awards up to $600,000 to
units of local government, regional and state agencies, colleges and
universities and non-profit organizations. Program funds can be spent on
low-cost construction, land acquisition, planning and coordination, education
and outreach, and applied research projects. Projects must be located entirely
within the Lake Michigan Coastal area, which is the northern portion of Lake,
Porter and LaPorte counties.



 In addition to financial assistance, the LMCP offers technical assistance in
natural areas management and restoration; coastal hazards mitigation planning;
sustainable land use planning; smart growth principles; conservation development
and incorporating natural resource planning into comprehensive plans,
ordinances, sub-area plans and other planning initiatives; and nonpoint source
pollution control, including surface water runoff management, low-impact
development, watershed planning assistance, and implementation of the Clean
Marinas program.



 Technical assistance also is available for eligible grant applicants who wish
to formulate a more competitive project proposal.



 The DNR's LMCP was created to coordinate efforts between local, state and
federal governments, and local organizations, and to support projects that
protect and restore natural, cultural and historical resources in Indiana's Lake
Michigan coastal region.



 The LMCP is funded through the Department of Commerce's National Oceanic and
Atmospheric Administration, Office of Coastal Management.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              697 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                            July 14, 2016, Thursday

JUNE FLOODS;
Recovery funds limited;
Tomblin: Rainy Day money to help governments; citizens must rely on FEMA, loans

BYLINE: Andrew Brown, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1A

LENGTH: 1009 words


Nearly three weeks after severe flooding hit several counties in West Virginia,
Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin and his administration said the Mountain State is moving
into the long-term response phase.

But with an estimated 2,500 houses damaged and more than $55 million in road and
bridge repairs needed - according to numbers provided by West Virginia
Transportation Secretary Paul Mattox - the state's role in helping homeowners,
businesses and local governments that are recovering from the flooding could be
limited - or impossible - because of slumping tax revenue and budget constraints
in the state government.

As a result, West Virginians who are trying to rebuild their lives will be
almost completely reliant on federal agencies and the limits of the disaster
recovery programs that they administer.

For the county and city governments, the costs of rebuilding public buildings
and other infrastructure might be solved. The Federal Emergency Management
Agency will cover 75 percent of the costs under the agency's Public Assistance
program. Tomblin suggested that state lawmakers might be asked to appropriate
the other 25 percent of those costs through the state's Rainy Day Fund.

At a news conference Wednesday, Tomblin said he anticipates calling the
Legislature back to Charleston for a special session, but wasn't sure when that
might occur.

"That's one of the reasons that we have a Rainy Day Fund, Tomblin said.
"Obviously, we do have the money there. Hopefully, the Legislature, at the
appropriate time, will allow us to take that money.

But for the average West Virginian, whose home or business was damaged or
destroyed by the flooding, Tomblin said his administration is not considering
any additional money to supplement the federal disaster relief funding.

For businesses without flood insurance, it means owners are going to be reliant
on loans from the U.S. Small Business Administration or private lenders, which,
in some instances, can be insured by the West Virginia Economic Development
Authority. That money, obviously, isn't free, and needs to be paid back, with
interest.

For homeowners without insurance, they are going to have to live with the
federal grants that FEMA provides to them through the agency's individual
disaster assistance. The max you can get through that program is $33,000 and, if
homeowners or renters need any more to rebuild, they'll have to rely on the SBA
for a loan or seek out private lending.

Tomblin made it clear Wednesday that the West Virginia government can't afford
to fund other financial assistance for the people who lost their homes, clothes,
furniture and cars to the surging floodwater that swept through parts of the
region.

"We're not considering it at this time, Tomblin said. "Obviously, we're under
some tight budget constraints ourselves.

The underlying financial problem is largely a result of the lack of flood
insurance among many of the communities that found themselves awash on June 23.
In some instances, homeowners in a floodplain dropped their insurance after they
paid off their mortgage. Others weren't in the floodplain and weren't eligible
for discounted insurance, but found their home under water anyway.

In Richwood, there were only 40 policyholders under the National Flood Insurance
Program, as of May of this year. Clendenin had 60 insurance plans. Rainelle had
40. White Sulphur Springs had 84. And in Clay, there were only six flood
insurance policies in place.

That means most of the people in those communities who were hit are reliant on
whatever money FEMA decides they are entitled to.

While some are frustrated with the grant total they are qualifying for, federal
officials made it clear that FEMA was not created to pay for everything that
people lost. And after national flood events, like Hurricane Katrina and
Hurricane Sandy, federal lawmakers have called for the agency to rein in the
cost of major flooding events.

"When FEMA was created, it was created to give folks a step towards recovery -
to get them safe, to get them sheltered - but it was never really meant to make
them whole again, like they were pre-disaster said Albie Lewis, the Federal
coordinating officer for FEMA, who spoke with the governor Wednesday. "So we are
just one part of that entire process. That is why it's so important that we
partner with all the other agencies and volunteer agencies to bring people back
to normalcy.

During Wednesday's news conference, Tomblin and members of his administration
also said the warning systems for the major flooding event that killed 23 people
worked properly and that it is too early to know what types of polices need to
be reviewed or changed to help prevent or limit flooding damage of this
magnitude in the future.

When questioned about a state Flood Protection Plan that is more than a decade
old but not fully implemented, Jimmy Gianato, the director of the state's
Division of Homeland Security and Emergency Management, said his agency has
adopted some of the recommendations laid out in the 365-page report but that
much of that plan required legislative action that never took place.

Gianato specifically cited the adoption of better warning systems for flooding,
which now includes cellphone alerts, radio and television announcements and, in
some cases, reverse 911 alert systems.

He also said additional gauges that track water levels have been installed in
streams and rivers throughout the state over the past 10 to 15 years.

Neither Tomblin or Gianato directly stated during the news conference whether
they will review the unadopted portions of the Flood Protection Plan. Tomblin
spokeswoman Jessica Tice said that decision would have to be made later.

"A final decision has not yet been made regarding a review of the flood
protection plan, Tice said. "Additionally, the need for a potential after-action
review is still being assessed.

"Any additional factors or considerations will be up to the administration in
place at that time.

Reach Andrew Brown at andrew.brown@wvgazettemail.com, 304-348-5104 or follow
@Andy_Ed_Brown on Twitter.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Charleston Newspapers


                              698 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Ruidoso News (New Mexico)

                            March 24, 2011 Thursday

Community Briefs

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 885 words


Deadline extended

The deadline for a program that offers assistance to low-income residents who
sustained damage to homes during freezing temperatures in early February has
been extended.

The New Mexico Department of Finance and Administration's Local Government
Division last month made $1.1 million available through the U.S. Department of
Housing and Urban Development's Community Development Block Grant program.

Applications will be processed through April 1. Eligible applicants must contact
their regional planning district office to begin the process.

The regional office that covers Lincoln, Otero, Chaves, Eddy and Lea counties is
the Southeastern New Mexico Economic Development District in Roswell. The phone
number is 575-624-6133.

The program will fund emergency repairs up to $2,000 for problems such as broken
pipes, repairs to water heaters and furnaces, and water damage to walls.

To qualify, residents must meet certain income limits depending upon family size
and localized factors.

The program is offered strictly for repairs to individual properties. The
financial assistance is not available to those who have home insurance and can
file claims with their insurers. Eligible residents who already paid for
qualified repairs can seek reimbursements but receipts must reflect services
performed after Feb. 1, 2011.

C.O.P.D. talk

Dr. Neal Fellers, consultant in pulmonary medicine and critical care, will be
the guest speaker at the April 5 meeting of Huff n Puff, a Chronic Obstructive
Pulmonary Disease support group.

The meeting will run from 1 p.m. to 3 p.m. at the Alamogordo Senior Center.

Family, caregivers and guests always are welcome. For more information on
meetings and schedules, call the Pulmonary Rehabilitation Department at
575-443-2745 from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m., Monday through Thursday or call Jan
Lundstrom at 575-443-2499.

Food drive

During the month of April, Curves of Ruidoso will participate in the 13th Annual
Curves Food Drive to collect non-perishable food and cash donations to benefit
the local food bank.

Current Curves members who make a $30 donation or an equivalent value of food
are eligible to receive a Curves reusable food drive grocery bag.

From April 4-17, Curves will waive the membership fee for new members who donate
a bag of non-perishable food or make a donation of $30 or more.

In addition to the food and monetary donations that each gym collects, Curves
International is offering gyms the opportunity to win cash prizes for their
local food banks. Prizes will be awarded to clubs with the most food collected,
clubs who beat their 2010 donation level by the largest amounts, and to two
randomly selected clubs drawn from all the Curves that enter the contest.

Curves clubs have donated more than 61 million pounds of food in the United
State and Canada wince 2004.

"The past few years have been difficult for many families," said Curves founder
Diane Heavin.

"Curves annual food drive is one way that everyone in the Ruidoso area can make
a real difference for a local family that is struggling.

"We encourage everyone, not just our members or those who are thinking about
joining our gym, to make a cash donation or drop off a bag of non-perishable
food items in April."

The Ruidoso Curves is at 1216 Mechem Dr. The phone number is 258-1111.

This year's food drive will include founders Gary and Diane Heavin being
featured on ABC Television's "Secret Millionaire" show, airing Sunday, April 3,
at 7 p.m.

Fiesta call

Middle and high school students are being sought to join the Ruidoso Schools
Fiestas.

The event, set for May 6, will involve colorful dancing and other festive
pageantry.

Practices are being held at 6 p.m., Monday through Thursday, at the Horton
Complex cafeteria.

There is no charge to join in, but participants are required to have their own
dress or charro outfit as well as dance shoes or boots. Parents are also
encouraged to volunteer, to assist with decorating, concession stands and other
venues.

Two volunteers are working with a couple of student groups, and another
volunteer is needed. Practice for kindergarten through 5th grade students takes
place during school hours.

The fiesta will be at the main gymnasium of Ruidoso High School, starting at
6:30 p.m., May 6.

Those interested in dancing should contact Debbie Jo Almager at 505-660-6652 or
Naomi Brady at 303-905-9354.

The Ruidoso School Fiestas is a scholarship program for seniors who have
participated in the initiative since their freshman year.

Pajama party

Snuggle down to hear bedtime stories during preschool story time Wednesday,
March 30, at 10:30 a.m. at the Ruidoso Public Library.

You need to wear your jammies and bring your blankie, pillow or sleeping bag to
stretch out and hear these wonderful stories. And bring your stuffed animal. The
stuffed animals are going to go exploring the library while you listen to
stories.

Come back to the pre-school story time on April 6 to get a photo of what fun and
exciting things your stuffed animal did while you were at the pajama party.

Little ones are always invited to story and craft time every Wednesday at 10:30
a.m. at the library. Parents and guardians of preschoolers - bring your little
one for a fun time. Story time usually ends around 11:15 a.m.

The Ruidoso Public Library is located at 107 Kansas City Rd., next to Village
Hall.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2011 Ruidoso News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              699 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Governor Christie Announces Additional Assistance For Municipalities Hard-Hit By
Superstorm Sandy

LENGTH: 628  words

DATELINE: New York



 Trenton: Office of the public Defender, The State of New Jersey has Issued the
following news realease:



  Governor Chris Christie today announced the Non-Federal Cost Share ("Match")
Program is now allowing local government entities in the nine New Jersey
counties most impacted by Superstorm Sandy to apply for reimbursement of the
funds they used to share in the cost of Federal Emergency Management Agency
(FEMA) assistance for emergency activities undertaken during the storm's
immediate aftermath.





 "Following Superstorm Sandy, communities faced tremendous rebuilding, emergency
protective and resiliency costs, and even though FEMA paid 90 percent of the
cost, the 10 percent local portion was close to or exceeded $1 million for some
municipalities, resulting in a financial burden for local governments and their
taxpayers," said Governor Christie.  "Rather than see property taxes increase in
these hard hit communities, the State is stepping in to cover these costs
through this newly expanded Match Program."



 The FEMA Public Assistance (PA) Program requires non-federal levels of
government, such as the State and local government entities, to pay a 10-percent
portion for disaster recovery projects while FEMA is responsible for the
remaining 90 percent. Local government entities, including municipalities,
counties, and school districts, can now apply for a share of $42 million in
Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) Disaster Recovery funds set aside to
cover their 10 percent portion for such eligible activities as debris removal
and emergency protective measures, including flood fighting, search and rescue,
demolition of structures, sandbag levees, emergency pumping and emergency
sheltering, which were needed in the wake of the worst natural disaster in New
Jersey's history.



 To date, Match Program funds have been used by State agencies such as the
Department of Environmental Protection, State Police, Department of
Transportation and Department of Human Services to cover the match for Sandy
recovery activities from road repairs and improvements to water and wastewater
treatment rehabilitations that serve large swaths of New Jersey residents.



 With enough Match Program funding reserved for State agency projects, the State
is now in a position to open the program up to local government entities.
Therefore, the New Jersey Department of Community Affairs (DCA), which
administers CDBG Disaster Recovery funding for the state, will begin accepting
applications from local governments in the nine most impacted counties to pay up
to the 10 percent match to the FEMA cost share for eligible debris removal and
emergency protective measures activities.



 "We are proud to make Match Program funding available and to continue being a
resource that Sandy-impacted communities can rely on until they are fully
recovered," said DCA Commissioner Charles A. Richman.



 The State is prepared to fully fund the 10-percent portion for all projects
that are deemed eligible for the Match Program. Potentially 405 local government
entities may be eligible for reimbursement of their 10 percent cost share for
potentially 1,055 Sandy recovery projects. If all eligible local government
entities submit applications for all eligible projects, total funding for the
Match Program would be approximately $42 million.



 Local governments must submit their applications to DCA's Sandy Recovery
Division by October 18, 2016, with appropriate documentation, in order to be
considered for Match Program funds. Starting Monday, applications will be
available on the Sandy Recovery Program's website at
www.renewjerseystronger.org/communities.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              700 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Governor Christie Announces Additional Assistance For Municipalities Hard-Hit By
Superstorm Sandy

LENGTH: 628  words

DATELINE: New York



 Trenton: Office of the public Defender, The State of New Jersey has Issued the
following news realease:



  Governor Chris Christie today announced the Non-Federal Cost Share ("Match")
Program is now allowing local government entities in the nine New Jersey
counties most impacted by Superstorm Sandy to apply for reimbursement of the
funds they used to share in the cost of Federal Emergency Management Agency
(FEMA) assistance for emergency activities undertaken during the storm's
immediate aftermath.





 "Following Superstorm Sandy, communities faced tremendous rebuilding, emergency
protective and resiliency costs, and even though FEMA paid 90 percent of the
cost, the 10 percent local portion was close to or exceeded $1 million for some
municipalities, resulting in a financial burden for local governments and their
taxpayers," said Governor Christie.  "Rather than see property taxes increase in
these hard hit communities, the State is stepping in to cover these costs
through this newly expanded Match Program."



 The FEMA Public Assistance (PA) Program requires non-federal levels of
government, such as the State and local government entities, to pay a 10-percent
portion for disaster recovery projects while FEMA is responsible for the
remaining 90 percent. Local government entities, including municipalities,
counties, and school districts, can now apply for a share of $42 million in
Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) Disaster Recovery funds set aside to
cover their 10 percent portion for such eligible activities as debris removal
and emergency protective measures, including flood fighting, search and rescue,
demolition of structures, sandbag levees, emergency pumping and emergency
sheltering, which were needed in the wake of the worst natural disaster in New
Jersey's history.



 To date, Match Program funds have been used by State agencies such as the
Department of Environmental Protection, State Police, Department of
Transportation and Department of Human Services to cover the match for Sandy
recovery activities from road repairs and improvements to water and wastewater
treatment rehabilitations that serve large swaths of New Jersey residents.



 With enough Match Program funding reserved for State agency projects, the State
is now in a position to open the program up to local government entities.
Therefore, the New Jersey Department of Community Affairs (DCA), which
administers CDBG Disaster Recovery funding for the state, will begin accepting
applications from local governments in the nine most impacted counties to pay up
to the 10 percent match to the FEMA cost share for eligible debris removal and
emergency protective measures activities.



 "We are proud to make Match Program funding available and to continue being a
resource that Sandy-impacted communities can rely on until they are fully
recovered," said DCA Commissioner Charles A. Richman.



 The State is prepared to fully fund the 10-percent portion for all projects
that are deemed eligible for the Match Program. Potentially 405 local government
entities may be eligible for reimbursement of their 10 percent cost share for
potentially 1,055 Sandy recovery projects. If all eligible local government
entities submit applications for all eligible projects, total funding for the
Match Program would be approximately $42 million.



 Local governments must submit their applications to DCA's Sandy Recovery
Division by October 18, 2016, with appropriate documentation, in order to be
considered for Match Program funds. Starting Monday, applications will be
available on the Sandy Recovery Program's website at
www.renewjerseystronger.org/communities.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              701 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Evening Times (Glasgow)

                          September 4, 2013 Wednesday
                                   1 Edition

MSP wants more central aid for local food banks

BYLINE: By STEWART PATERSON [#x2028]Political Correspondent

SECTION: HS - NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 402 words


FOOD banks should be given more assistance from the Scottish Government,
according to a [#x2028]Labour MSP.

Jackie Baillie, Labour welfare spokeswoman, challenged ministers to give more
[#x2028]assistance to those providing support and to help those in desperate
need.

MSPs were told rising numbers of people were looking for free food and of the
problems faced by some organisations looking to help meet the growing demand.

Ms Baillie said more people, including children, were now relying on food banks.

She said: "I am appalled that in 21st century Scotland we have food banks.

"According to the Trussel Trust, the number of Scots [#x2028]accessing emergency
food banks in the last year has increased by 150% to more than 14,000 people,
almost one third were children."

She asked the Welfare Minister, Margaret Burgess, what more the Scottish
Government could do to help children so that they do not have to [#x2028]depend
on food banks.

Ms Baillie said there was also "anecdotal evidence" of people being referred to
food banks, having been refused crisis grants.

Ms Burgess said the ultimate solution was for Scotland to have control over
welfare spending and said Ms Baillie should be congratulating ministers for
putting cash into a Scottish Welfare Fund.

She said: "This government has provided an additional £9.2million to the
Scottish Welfare Fund, which means we are providing the capacity to award an
additional 5600 community care grants and more than 100,000 crisis grants in
this financial year.

"This fund will provide ­people with emergency support so the necessity of food
banks should be reduced.

"However, my concern is that the UK Government's benefit reform programme
[#x2028]unfairly impacts on the most vulnerable in our society."

Ms Burgess said the fund was new and was still "bedding in" and she had been
encouraging people across the country to apply to increase take up among those
in need.

Elaine Smith, Labour MSP for Coatbridge and Chryston, told the minister that a
food bank in her area was being prevented from setting up because of
unaffordable water charges.

She asked if exemptions [#x2028]under charity laws could be applied to allow the
scheme to be opened.

Ms Burgess said exemptions only applied to organisations which were granted
exempt status in 2009, but Scottish [#x2028]Water and the Scottish Government
was looking at a revised scheme that, from 2015, would allow new organisations
to be exempt.

stewart.paterson@eveningtimes.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: * Thfjdhsdjfhdhg jhdfgjdfhgdhgjdfhgjhdfjhdf * It is hoped the fund
boost will help reduce the necessity of food banks in Scotland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ET


                      Copyright 2013 Newsquest Media Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              702 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Evening Times (Glasgow)

                          September 4, 2013 Wednesday
                                   2 Edition

MSP wants more central aid for local food banks

BYLINE: STEWART PATERSON [#x2028]Political Correspondent

SECTION: HS - NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 402 words


FOOD banks should be given more assistance from the Scottish Government,
according to a [#x2028]Labour MSP.

Jackie Baillie, Labour welfare spokeswoman, challenged ministers to give more
[#x2028]assistance to those providing support and to help those in desperate
need.

MSPs were told rising numbers of people were looking for free food and of the
problems faced by some organisations looking to help meet the growing demand.

Ms Baillie said more people, including children, were now relying on food banks.

She said: "I am appalled that in 21st century Scotland we have food banks.

"According to the Trussel Trust, the number of Scots [#x2028]accessing emergency
food banks in the last year has increased by 150% to more than 14,000 people,
almost one third were children."

She asked the Welfare Minister, Margaret Burgess, what more the Scottish
Government could do to help children so that they do not have to [#x2028]depend
on food banks.

Ms Baillie said there was also "anecdotal evidence" of people being referred to
food banks, having been refused crisis grants.

Ms Burgess said the ultimate solution was for Scotland to have control over
welfare spending and said Ms Baillie should be congratulating ministers for
putting cash into a Scottish Welfare Fund.

She said: "This government has provided an additional £9.2million to the
Scottish Welfare Fund, which means we are providing the capacity to award an
additional 5600 community care grants and more than 100,000 crisis grants in
this financial year.

"This fund will provide ­people with emergency support so the necessity of food
banks should be reduced.

"However, my concern is that the UK Government's benefit reform programme
[#x2028]unfairly impacts on the most vulnerable in our society."

Ms Burgess said the fund was new and was still "bedding in" and she had been
encouraging people across the country to apply to increase take up among those
in need.

Elaine Smith, Labour MSP for Coatbridge and Chryston, told the minister that a
food bank in her area was being prevented from setting up because of
unaffordable water charges.

She asked if exemptions [#x2028]under charity laws could be applied to allow the
scheme to be opened.

Ms Burgess said exemptions only applied to organisations which were granted
exempt status in 2009, but Scottish [#x2028]Water and the Scottish Government
was looking at a revised scheme that, from 2015, would allow new organisations
to be exempt.

stewart.paterson@eveningtimes.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: * Thfjdhsdjfhdhg jhdfgjdfhgdhgjdfhgjhdfjhdf * It is hoped the fund
boost will help reduce the necessity of food banks in Scotland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ET


                      Copyright 2013 Newsquest Media Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              703 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              May 31, 2013 Friday

Ominous clouds again pass; flood fears remain

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald

SECTION: A; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 542 words


Radar-indicated rotation in a storm triggered a tornado warning that delayed
dismissal for Dubuque students Thursday, while severe weather swelled rivers and
uprooted trees from one end of the tri-state area to another.

Forecasters issued a tornado warning for central Dubuque County Thursday
afternoon, after radar indicated rotation in a severe thunderstorm located in
the Centralia, Iowa, area that was moving northeast.

The warning kept Dubuque Community Schools students in classes a little longer
than expected - officials delayed dismissal until the storm passed. Holy Family
Catholic Schools were advised by local police that until sirens sounded, there
wasn't a need to advance to tornado safe zones, however, some schools sent
students to safe areas until the storm passed. The warning did not disrupt
Catholic school dismissals.

Storm rotation also triggered a tornado warning in Grant County. Wind gusts of
70 mph were reported in the Orchard Manor area south of Lancaster, Wis.

Major storms Wednesday night and Thursday morning caused the Maquoketa River to
rise nearly 5 feet above flood level, spilling water out into nearby streets and
businesses in Manchester.

The National Weather Service estimates that the river reached 18.75 feet at
about noon Thursday, surpassing the 14-foot flood stage.

Forecasts indicate that additional storms could inundate the Manchester area
even further Thursday night. In preparation, volunteers and city officials
prepared sandbags to hold off major residential flooding.

"We want to have some sandbags together and ready to go," said Manchester City
Manager Tim Vick, adding that they will be stored for later if they go unused.
"If we don't have the rain, that's great."

Strong winds had uprooted trees and caused other damage throughout the
community.

Gov. Terry Branstad added Delaware County to the list of areas under the
disaster emergency proclamation. State resources may be used to respond to and
recover from the effects of the severe storms.

Additionally, some Delaware County residents now are eligible for the Iowa
Individual Assistance Program. The program provides grants up to $5,000 for
households with incomes up to 200 percent of the federal poverty level, or a
maximum annual income of $39,060 for a family of three. These grants are
available for home or car repairs, replacement of clothing or food and for the
expense of temporary housing related to the storms.

In Wisconsin, Prairie du Chien Mayor Dave Hemmer declared a state of emergency
in the city following damage from severe weather. Storms uprooted trees and
knocked down power lines Wednesday evening.

"This will allow for the city to apply for federal and state assistance if
needed," Hemmer said. "I have been very impressed with the response from local
and county officials and employees, as well as the response I have seen
personally of neighbors helping neighbors."

Cleanup efforts are continuing in the city.

Persistent rain also swelled the Mississippi

River at Dubuque, prompting a flood warning effective until Wednesday.

The river stood at 16.4 feet at midday Thursday and was rising. Flood stage is
17 feet, and the river could rise to 18.4 feet by Saturday morning.

Water overtops the East Dubuque, Ill., flats levee at 18 feet.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              704 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            June 10, 2015, Wednesday

Water company accepting firefighter grant applications

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P5A

LENGTH: 123 words


West Virginia American Water is accepting applications for its 2015 Firefighter
Support Grant Program until July 13. The program provides financial assistance
to fire departments and related emergency and rescue organizations in the
company's service territory. Grants help pay for personal protective gear,
communications equipment, firefighting tools, water handling equipment, training
and related activities and materials that will be used to support community fire
protection.

To apply, organization representatives should submit a letter of application
along with a completed 2015 Firefighter Support Grant Program Form, which can be
found on the company's website at www.amwater.com/wvaw/About-Us/Community
-Involvement/programs.html.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Charleston Newspapers


                              705 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Morris Daily Herald (Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          November 20, 2013 Wednesday

Organizations stepping up in offering aid to tornado victims

BYLINE: Christina Chapman-Van Yperen, Morris Daily Herald, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 848 words


Nov. 20--DIAMOND -- As hundreds of families work to salvage what they can of
their destroyed homes, local organizations, businesses and community members
have stepped up to try and make it a little easier.

"It was phenomenal. Bus loads of people in orange vests were going everywhere,"
Diamond Mayor Terry Kernc said. "It continues to amaze me, more and more people
keep coming out."

Just before 12:30 p.m. Sunday a tornado ripped through the area and damaged
about 220 residences, more than 75 of which are considered to have major damage,
Kernc said. The tornado's path went more than 12 miles, starting in Coal City
and ending in Wilmington.

Now these affected families are trying to save what they can of their homes, as
well as clean up the best they can.

As of 6 p.m. Tuesday, ComEd had restore power to everyone in the area except for
14 residences, Kernc said, with everyone expected to be restored by 9 p.m.

In addition to restoring power, ComEd sent three buses, one of which was used to
transport volunteers to different areas of the village to help with clean up.
The company also supplied water and bags of ice to residences without power to
keep food cold.

At 8 a.m. Wednesday affected residents are invited to a meeting at Diamond
Banquet Hall, 55 S. Daley St., where information and resources will be provided
on what to do next. Representatives from area agencies, utility companies and
government agencies will be available until noon. Affected residents are asked
to at least come by to provide the village with their contact information so
officials can contact them regarding rebuilding efforts.

Cost estimates on the local damage still are not known, but the Federal
Emergency Management Agency is expected to be doing preliminary assessments
Thursday and Friday, she said.

Some of the agencies that will be there include the Secretary of State's office,
and representatives of organizations providing financial assistance.

Operation St. Nick, the Community Foundation of Grundy County, We Care of Grundy
County and United Way of Grundy County have designated $70,000 to help with
immediate needs for tornado victims.

These agencies began taking applications Tuesday for mini-grants at the Coal
City United Methodist Church where they received about 27 applicants, said Devan
Gagliardo of the Community Foundation.

"In the 30 years of St. Nick, we've never had an emergency situation and now we
have had two in one year," said Joe Schmitz, president and founder of Operation
St. Nick.

St. Nick, the Community Foundation and We Care also helped flood victims in
April with grants when Morris and surrounding areas flooded so badly some
residents had to be rescued from their homes.

Applications for the grants will be available Wednesday from 8 a.m. to noon at
Diamond Banquet Hall and then from 12:30 to 3 p.m. at the Methodist church.

Assistance will be given through gift cards or by organization members
purchasing items with the families at local stores, Schmitz said. Applicants
need to bring proof of residency and photos of the damage to their homes.

Families also can keep receipts of expenses they have already incurred for the
application and may be reimbursed through gift cards as well.

"We are trying to target those with the greatest impact first," said Missy
Durkin, St. Nick board member. "As more funds come in, it may allow us to help
more affected by the storm."

We Care's portion of the funds have to be used for low-income families toward
rent or mortgage payments. The application process will determine what families
can qualify for.

The goal of the organizations is to notify the families if they will receive
assistance by the end of the week.

"The feeling from [people at the church looking for help Tuesday] is they are so
thankful because so much help is being offered," Gaska said.

For many of the affected families it has been difficult to accept help, she
added. They have said they are used to providing help, not needing it.

"Many have said they feel guilty accepting help because they don't feel they
have it as bad as others," Gaska said.

Donations received at Mazon State Bank will be added to the tornado help fund
and donations can also be sent to the Community Foundation. Checks should be
made to the "Community Foundation of Grundy County" then put "disaster fund" in
the memo line. They can be mailed or dropped off to 102 Liberty St., Morris, IL
60450.

In addition, Operation St. Nick has also extended its application time for the
"12 Days of Christmas Giving", a program that assists military families in need
during the Christmas season. The deadline has been extended to Saturday for
Diamond and Coal City military families only. For an application visit Standard
Bank, 20 S. Kankakee St., Coal City. A separate $30,000 was allocated for this
program with about $2,500 available for 12 families.

"There may be veterans who need help now that didn't before the tornado,"
Schmitz said.

___ (c)2013 the Morris Daily Herald (Morris, Ill.) Visit the Morris Daily Herald
(Morris, Ill.) at www.morrisdailyherald.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20131120-1MO-Organizations-stepping-up-in-offering-aid-to-tornado-victims-1120-2
0131120

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MO


                       Copyright 2013 Morris Daily Herald


                              706 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 1, 2015 Tuesday

Maine: FEMA provides federal funds to help fight the Tepee Springs Fire

LENGTH: 454  words

DATELINE: Augusta



  Department of Federal Emergency Management, The state of Maine has issued the
following news release:

 The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) has authorized the use of
federal funds to help with firefighting costs for the Tepee Springs Fire in
Idaho County, Idaho.

 FEMA Region X Regional Administrator Kenneth D. Murphy determined that the fire
threatened such destruction as would constitute a major disaster. Murphy
approved the state of Idaho's request for a federal Fire Management Assistance
Grant (FMAG) at 6:00 p.m. PDT on Aug. 29, 2015. Idaho has had four FMAGs
approved since July 2015.
 Two New Mexico firefighters walk up a hill to continue battling smoldering
forest fires. Fire Management Assistance Grants can provide federal funds to
support costs like firefighting tools and equipment, overtime compensation,
mobilization and travel costs, meals, health and safety items.
 Through Fire Management Assistance Grants (FMAGs), federal funds are available
to support firefighters battling wildfires if needed. Original photo by Andrea
Booher/FEMA News Photo. Los Alamos, N.M., May 4, 2000 - "Hot Shot" members from
Zuni, NM, continue their fight with smoldering forest fires.
 Download Original

 The fire started on August 12, 2015 and had burned in excess of 49,000 acres of
federal, state, private and tribal land. At the time of the request, the fire
perimeter was located 1.5 miles east of Riggins and had moved 11 miles in 12
hours. The fire was threatening 300 homes in and around the community of
Riggins, Idaho. Evacuation orders were issued.

 The fire also threatened roads, bridges, cell towers, radio towers, power
distribution lines, water, sewer and various local businesses in the area. Also
at risk are salmon, steelhead and bull trout, and big horn sheep. There were 130
other large fires burning uncontrolled within the state.

 The authorization makes FEMA funding available to pay 75 percent of the state
of Idaho's eligible firefighting costs under an approved grant for managing,
mitigating and controlling designated fires. These grants provide reimbursement
for firefighting and life-saving efforts. They do not provide assistance to
individuals, homeowners or business owners and do not cover other infrastructure
damage caused by the fire.

 FMAGs are provided through the President's Disaster Relief Fund and made
available by FEMA to assist in fighting fires that threaten to cause a major
disaster. Eligible items can include expenses for field camps; equipment use,
repair and replacement; mobilization and demobilization activities; and tools,
materials and supplies.

 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              707 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 17, 2016 Saturday

Washington: FY2017 Continuing Resolution

LENGTH: 2069  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Alma Adams has issued the following news release:



 The Continuing Resolution will maintain government funding at its current spend
rate through April 28, 2017.



 FUNDING LEVEL

 The Congressional Budget Office (CBO) scores a Continuing Resolution slightly
above the Budget Control Act sequester cap for FY2017.  The CR addresses the
matter with an across-the-board cut of 0.19% for all accounts, defense and
non-defense.





 GENERAL PROVISIONS

 The CR carries forward standard language:



     Ensuring funding for appropriated entitlements continue at a rate
maintaining program levels under current law;

     Allowing the State Department, USAID, BBG, and related agencies to expend
funds in the absence of an authorization, and authorizing continuation of
certain intelligence activities; and

     Directing agencies to spend conservatively, prohibiting new starts, and
prohibiting the Department of Defense from entering into multi-year contracts or
increasing production rates.







 EMERGENCY RELIEF FOR NATURAL DISASTERS



 The Continuing Resolution provides $4 billion in emergency funding to rebuild
and repair damages caused by Hurricane Matthew in North Carolina, South
Carolina, and Florida; and severe flooding that occurred in Texas, Louisiana,
West Virginia, and elsewhere.



 Funding includes:



     $1.8 billion for the Community Development Block Grant - Disaster Recovery
program to help communities recover and rebuild after natural disasters in 2016.


         The CR does not include funding requested by the Administration for
resilience projects, intended to prepare at-risk communities from future severe
weather events.

     $1 billion for the Federal Highway Administration's Emergency Relief
program to rebuild infrastructure after natural disasters;

     $1 billion for the Army Corps of Engineers to repair damages to federal
projects resulting from recent severe storms;

     $200 million for the U.S. Department of Agriculture to help with costs from
damages caused by natural disasters to farms and ranches, non-industrial private
forests, and watershed areas; and

     $75 million for NASA to repair facilities at Kennedy Space Center that were
damaged by Hurricane Matthew.







 OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS



 The Continuing Resolution includes $5.8 billion in Overseas Contingency
Operations (OCO) funding for defense priorities from the budget amendment
submitted in November.  Of the $5.8 billion provided for defense, $5.1 billion
is to support counterterrorism operations, including salaries and mission
support for additional troops in Afghanistan and efforts to defeat ISIL, and
$652 million is to support the European Reassurance Initiative.







 The Continuing Resolution includes $4.3 billion in Overseas Contingency
Operations (OCO) funding for non-defense priorities, including:



     $1.6 billion for Embassy Security, including security of personnel and
equipment; housing and compound security at high threat posts; dedicated air
assets for immediate access and medical evacuation capacity as well as rotary
wing support for rapid movement.



     $1.2 billion for Economic and Stabilization Assistance, including
countering Russian influence; community-based programs to confront threats from
ISIL and other terrorist groups; stabilization efforts for ISIL-effected
countries; expanded assistance for strategic allies; and support for Iraq
Sovereign Loan guarantee;

     $916 million for Humanitarian Assistance to respond to 65 million displaced
persons;

     $160 million for State Department and USAID operations; and

     $404 million in Security Assistance for civilian police training and
judicial aid, anti-terrorism training and explosive ordnance removal,
peacekeeping and stabilization programs in Africa and the Middle East; and
helping allies fight ISIL and other terrorist organizations.







 WATER INFRASTRUCTURE AND HEALTH MONITORING



 The Continuing Resolution provides:



     $100 million for making capitalization grants to Flint, Michigan under the
Drinking Water State Revolving Funds.  These funds will address lead or other
contaminants in drinking water, including repair and replacement of lead service
lines and public water system infrastructure;

     $20 million for Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation (WIFIA) Grants
to finance water infrastructure efforts, including those to address lead and
other contaminants in drinking water systems;

     $20 million for a Lead Exposure Registry to collect data on lead exposure
and an Advisory Committee to review programs, services, and research related to
lead poisoning prevention;

     $15 million in additional funding for CDC's Childhood Lead Poisoning
Prevention Program to conduct screenings and referrals for children with
elevated blood lead levels;

     $15 million in additional funding for HRSA's Healthy Start Program to
reduce infant mortality and improve perinatal outcomes.







 21ST CENTURY CURES



 The Continuing Resolution appropriates $872 million from accounts funded by the
21st Century Cures Act, including:



     $500 million to support grants to States to respond to the opioid abuse
crisis

     $352 million to support biomedical research at the National Institutes of
Health

     $20 million to modernize FDA regulation







 ANOMALIES BY SUBCOMMITTEE



 The CR includes many anomalies, or changes to current funding rates or policy.
Many of these changes were requested by the White House Office of Management and
Budget (OMB).  Some of OMB's requests were not included.



 Agriculture



     Avoiding disruption of the Summer Electronic Benefit Transfer, a food
program for low-income children (Requested by OMB).

     Avoiding a February halt in operations of the Child Nutrition Information
Clearinghouse, which provides information about food resources to low-income
families (Requested by OMB).

     Allowing flexible apportionment to the Agricultural Credit Insurance Fund
to meet increased loan demand by farmers planning for spring planting season
(Requested by OMB).

     Allowing transfer authority for the Telecommunications Direct Loan program,
which serves rural areas (Requested by OMB).

     Allowing flexible apportionment authority for Rural Housing Service to
avoid delays in construction of rural rental housing.

     The CR does not include an anomaly requested by OMB for additional funding
for the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.







 Commerce, Justice, Science



     Allowing flexible apportionment authority for the National Oceanic and
Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) to maintain weather forecasting capabilities
of the Joint Polar Satellite System (JPSS) (requested by OMB).

     Allowing flexible apportionment authority to help avoid future cost
increases and schedule delays for preparation of the 2020 Census (requested by
OMB).

     Allowing flexible apportionment authority for NASA to help avoid future
cost increases and delays of the Space Launch System, Orion crew vehicle, and
Ground Systems Development and Operations (requested by OMB).

     Provides $7 million toward reimbursement for State and local law
enforcement costs incurred for protection of the President-elect.







 Defense



     Multiyear procurement authority for AH-64E Apache and UH-60M Blackhawk
helicopters. Reverting to annual contacts would cost the two programs up to $880
million over five years. (requested by OMB)

     Advanced procurement authority at a rate of operations of $773 million to
begin detailed design work for the Ohio replacement submarine. (requested by
OMB)

     Increased production rates for the KC-46A tanker to avoid penalties of $331
million. (requested by OMB)







 Energy & Water



     Allowing reallocation of funds within Department of Energy Weapons
Activities to ensure critical national security projects are not delayed
(requested by OMB).

     Directs the sale of $375 million in Strategic Petroleum Reserve (SPR)
inventories to be used for infrastructure improvements to support future SPR oil
sales.

     Providing an increase for the Uranium Enrichment Decontamination and
Decommissioning Fund to avoid layoffs (requested by OMB).







 Financial Services & General Government



     Providing funding for pension benefits for former presidents (requested by
OMB).

     Making available unobligated funds from previous years for the District of
Columbia's Scholarships for Opportunity and Results (SOAR) Act grants.







 Homeland Security



     Providing flexible apportionment authority to OMB for the operations of
U.S. Customs and Border Protection, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement,
the Transportation Security Administration, and the Secret Service (requested by
OMB).







 Interior



     Providing funding for security and operations related to the reopening of
National Gallery of Art East Building (requested by OMB).

     Providing funding for maintenance, operations, and security at the National
Museum of African American History and Culture (requested by OMB).

     Providing funding for the Indian Health Service to meet federal obligations
to fund staffing and operations of newly constructed replacement facilities
(requested by OMB).







 Labor, HHS, Education



     Providing funding to implement the Department of Labor's plan to curb fraud
and abuse in the Federal Employees' Compensation Act program with respect to
prescription of compounded drugs (requested by OMB).

     Allowing continuation of payments for account maintenance fees in the
Federal Family Education Loan program, required to ensure the next payment to
State and nonprofit loan guaranty agencies can take place by the end of January
2017 (requested by OMB).

     Providing funding on a contingency basis to address the flows of
unaccompanied children across the border if those flows continue to
substantially exceed last year's levels.

     Directing funding from Prevention and Public Health Fund to be allocated in
the same manner as Congress approved in the FY2016 Omnibus Appropriations Act.

     Clarifying that the Social Security Administration building in Maryland was
fully funded in FY2016 and redirecting current year funding to address the
disability hearing review backlog (requested by OMB).

     Extending the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF) program
through the period of the CR (OMB requested a full-year extension).







 Legislative Branch



     Preventing a cost of living adjustment for salaries of Members of Congress,
which would otherwise go into effect January 2017.

     Transferring the Thomas P. O'Neill Federal Office Building from control by
the General Services Administration (GSA) to the Architect of the Capitol (AOC).


     Makes technical changes to funding and authorities for certain positions in
the Democratic leadership of the Senate.







 Military Construction and VA



     NONE







 State & Foreign Operations



     NONE







 Transportation HUD



     Changes a rider carried in the FY2016 Omnibus in order to block the
Department of Transportation's overnight rest break requirement of the Hours of
Service rule, which was promulgated to prevent commercial vehicle accidents
caused by driver fatigue.

     Allowing flexible apportionment authority to ensure the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) will continue to perform air travel operations and safety
activities.

     Providing funding for the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy for training
requirements and enable cadets to graduate and obtain a seafaring license
(requested by OMB).

     Authorizing a higher rate for operations to allow tribal grantees of
Veterans Affairs Supportive Housing (VASH) to continue to provide assistance
under a new program for Native American veterans (requested by OMB).







 ADDITIONAL MATERIAL



 The Continuing Resolution also includes the following provisions:



     Providing for expedited consideration in the Senate of legislation that
overrides current law in the appointment of the next Secretary of Defense.  The
legislation would allow the next Secretary of Defense to have been retired from
active duty for more than three years but less than the current requirement of
seven years.

     Extending the miners' health program for the duration of the Continuing
Resolution;

     Delaying the release of the FY 2017 Final Sequestration Report until 15
days after the expiration of this Continuing Resolution.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              708 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 17, 2016 Saturday

Washington: FY2017 Continuing Resolution

LENGTH: 2069  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Alma Adams has issued the following news release:



 The Continuing Resolution will maintain government funding at its current spend
rate through April 28, 2017.



 FUNDING LEVEL

 The Congressional Budget Office (CBO) scores a Continuing Resolution slightly
above the Budget Control Act sequester cap for FY2017.  The CR addresses the
matter with an across-the-board cut of 0.19% for all accounts, defense and
non-defense.





 GENERAL PROVISIONS

 The CR carries forward standard language:



     Ensuring funding for appropriated entitlements continue at a rate
maintaining program levels under current law;

     Allowing the State Department, USAID, BBG, and related agencies to expend
funds in the absence of an authorization, and authorizing continuation of
certain intelligence activities; and

     Directing agencies to spend conservatively, prohibiting new starts, and
prohibiting the Department of Defense from entering into multi-year contracts or
increasing production rates.







 EMERGENCY RELIEF FOR NATURAL DISASTERS



 The Continuing Resolution provides $4 billion in emergency funding to rebuild
and repair damages caused by Hurricane Matthew in North Carolina, South
Carolina, and Florida; and severe flooding that occurred in Texas, Louisiana,
West Virginia, and elsewhere.



 Funding includes:



     $1.8 billion for the Community Development Block Grant - Disaster Recovery
program to help communities recover and rebuild after natural disasters in 2016.


         The CR does not include funding requested by the Administration for
resilience projects, intended to prepare at-risk communities from future severe
weather events.

     $1 billion for the Federal Highway Administration's Emergency Relief
program to rebuild infrastructure after natural disasters;

     $1 billion for the Army Corps of Engineers to repair damages to federal
projects resulting from recent severe storms;

     $200 million for the U.S. Department of Agriculture to help with costs from
damages caused by natural disasters to farms and ranches, non-industrial private
forests, and watershed areas; and

     $75 million for NASA to repair facilities at Kennedy Space Center that were
damaged by Hurricane Matthew.







 OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS



 The Continuing Resolution includes $5.8 billion in Overseas Contingency
Operations (OCO) funding for defense priorities from the budget amendment
submitted in November.  Of the $5.8 billion provided for defense, $5.1 billion
is to support counterterrorism operations, including salaries and mission
support for additional troops in Afghanistan and efforts to defeat ISIL, and
$652 million is to support the European Reassurance Initiative.







 The Continuing Resolution includes $4.3 billion in Overseas Contingency
Operations (OCO) funding for non-defense priorities, including:



     $1.6 billion for Embassy Security, including security of personnel and
equipment; housing and compound security at high threat posts; dedicated air
assets for immediate access and medical evacuation capacity as well as rotary
wing support for rapid movement.



     $1.2 billion for Economic and Stabilization Assistance, including
countering Russian influence; community-based programs to confront threats from
ISIL and other terrorist groups; stabilization efforts for ISIL-effected
countries; expanded assistance for strategic allies; and support for Iraq
Sovereign Loan guarantee;

     $916 million for Humanitarian Assistance to respond to 65 million displaced
persons;

     $160 million for State Department and USAID operations; and

     $404 million in Security Assistance for civilian police training and
judicial aid, anti-terrorism training and explosive ordnance removal,
peacekeeping and stabilization programs in Africa and the Middle East; and
helping allies fight ISIL and other terrorist organizations.







 WATER INFRASTRUCTURE AND HEALTH MONITORING



 The Continuing Resolution provides:



     $100 million for making capitalization grants to Flint, Michigan under the
Drinking Water State Revolving Funds.  These funds will address lead or other
contaminants in drinking water, including repair and replacement of lead service
lines and public water system infrastructure;

     $20 million for Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation (WIFIA) Grants
to finance water infrastructure efforts, including those to address lead and
other contaminants in drinking water systems;

     $20 million for a Lead Exposure Registry to collect data on lead exposure
and an Advisory Committee to review programs, services, and research related to
lead poisoning prevention;

     $15 million in additional funding for CDC's Childhood Lead Poisoning
Prevention Program to conduct screenings and referrals for children with
elevated blood lead levels;

     $15 million in additional funding for HRSA's Healthy Start Program to
reduce infant mortality and improve perinatal outcomes.







 21ST CENTURY CURES



 The Continuing Resolution appropriates $872 million from accounts funded by the
21st Century Cures Act, including:



     $500 million to support grants to States to respond to the opioid abuse
crisis

     $352 million to support biomedical research at the National Institutes of
Health

     $20 million to modernize FDA regulation







 ANOMALIES BY SUBCOMMITTEE



 The CR includes many anomalies, or changes to current funding rates or policy.
Many of these changes were requested by the White House Office of Management and
Budget (OMB).  Some of OMB's requests were not included.



 Agriculture



     Avoiding disruption of the Summer Electronic Benefit Transfer, a food
program for low-income children (Requested by OMB).

     Avoiding a February halt in operations of the Child Nutrition Information
Clearinghouse, which provides information about food resources to low-income
families (Requested by OMB).

     Allowing flexible apportionment to the Agricultural Credit Insurance Fund
to meet increased loan demand by farmers planning for spring planting season
(Requested by OMB).

     Allowing transfer authority for the Telecommunications Direct Loan program,
which serves rural areas (Requested by OMB).

     Allowing flexible apportionment authority for Rural Housing Service to
avoid delays in construction of rural rental housing.

     The CR does not include an anomaly requested by OMB for additional funding
for the Commodity Futures Trading Commission.







 Commerce, Justice, Science



     Allowing flexible apportionment authority for the National Oceanic and
Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) to maintain weather forecasting capabilities
of the Joint Polar Satellite System (JPSS) (requested by OMB).

     Allowing flexible apportionment authority to help avoid future cost
increases and schedule delays for preparation of the 2020 Census (requested by
OMB).

     Allowing flexible apportionment authority for NASA to help avoid future
cost increases and delays of the Space Launch System, Orion crew vehicle, and
Ground Systems Development and Operations (requested by OMB).

     Provides $7 million toward reimbursement for State and local law
enforcement costs incurred for protection of the President-elect.







 Defense



     Multiyear procurement authority for AH-64E Apache and UH-60M Blackhawk
helicopters. Reverting to annual contacts would cost the two programs up to $880
million over five years. (requested by OMB)

     Advanced procurement authority at a rate of operations of $773 million to
begin detailed design work for the Ohio replacement submarine. (requested by
OMB)

     Increased production rates for the KC-46A tanker to avoid penalties of $331
million. (requested by OMB)







 Energy & Water



     Allowing reallocation of funds within Department of Energy Weapons
Activities to ensure critical national security projects are not delayed
(requested by OMB).

     Directs the sale of $375 million in Strategic Petroleum Reserve (SPR)
inventories to be used for infrastructure improvements to support future SPR oil
sales.

     Providing an increase for the Uranium Enrichment Decontamination and
Decommissioning Fund to avoid layoffs (requested by OMB).







 Financial Services & General Government



     Providing funding for pension benefits for former presidents (requested by
OMB).

     Making available unobligated funds from previous years for the District of
Columbia's Scholarships for Opportunity and Results (SOAR) Act grants.







 Homeland Security



     Providing flexible apportionment authority to OMB for the operations of
U.S. Customs and Border Protection, U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement,
the Transportation Security Administration, and the Secret Service (requested by
OMB).







 Interior



     Providing funding for security and operations related to the reopening of
National Gallery of Art East Building (requested by OMB).

     Providing funding for maintenance, operations, and security at the National
Museum of African American History and Culture (requested by OMB).

     Providing funding for the Indian Health Service to meet federal obligations
to fund staffing and operations of newly constructed replacement facilities
(requested by OMB).







 Labor, HHS, Education



     Providing funding to implement the Department of Labor's plan to curb fraud
and abuse in the Federal Employees' Compensation Act program with respect to
prescription of compounded drugs (requested by OMB).

     Allowing continuation of payments for account maintenance fees in the
Federal Family Education Loan program, required to ensure the next payment to
State and nonprofit loan guaranty agencies can take place by the end of January
2017 (requested by OMB).

     Providing funding on a contingency basis to address the flows of
unaccompanied children across the border if those flows continue to
substantially exceed last year's levels.

     Directing funding from Prevention and Public Health Fund to be allocated in
the same manner as Congress approved in the FY2016 Omnibus Appropriations Act.

     Clarifying that the Social Security Administration building in Maryland was
fully funded in FY2016 and redirecting current year funding to address the
disability hearing review backlog (requested by OMB).

     Extending the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF) program
through the period of the CR (OMB requested a full-year extension).







 Legislative Branch



     Preventing a cost of living adjustment for salaries of Members of Congress,
which would otherwise go into effect January 2017.

     Transferring the Thomas P. O'Neill Federal Office Building from control by
the General Services Administration (GSA) to the Architect of the Capitol (AOC).


     Makes technical changes to funding and authorities for certain positions in
the Democratic leadership of the Senate.







 Military Construction and VA



     NONE







 State & Foreign Operations



     NONE







 Transportation HUD



     Changes a rider carried in the FY2016 Omnibus in order to block the
Department of Transportation's overnight rest break requirement of the Hours of
Service rule, which was promulgated to prevent commercial vehicle accidents
caused by driver fatigue.

     Allowing flexible apportionment authority to ensure the Federal Aviation
Administration (FAA) will continue to perform air travel operations and safety
activities.

     Providing funding for the U.S. Merchant Marine Academy for training
requirements and enable cadets to graduate and obtain a seafaring license
(requested by OMB).

     Authorizing a higher rate for operations to allow tribal grantees of
Veterans Affairs Supportive Housing (VASH) to continue to provide assistance
under a new program for Native American veterans (requested by OMB).







 ADDITIONAL MATERIAL



 The Continuing Resolution also includes the following provisions:



     Providing for expedited consideration in the Senate of legislation that
overrides current law in the appointment of the next Secretary of Defense.  The
legislation would allow the next Secretary of Defense to have been retired from
active duty for more than three years but less than the current requirement of
seven years.

     Extending the miners' health program for the duration of the Continuing
Resolution;

     Delaying the release of the FY 2017 Final Sequestration Report until 15
days after the expiration of this Continuing Resolution.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              709 of 998 DOCUMENTS


           The Evening News and The Tribune (Jeffersonville, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 13, 2009 Sunday

Four months later, flood victims still seeking help: Government officials hold
meeting to answer questions

BYLINE: Matt Thacker, The Evening News and the Tribune, Jeffersonville, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 931 words


Dec. 13--Mike Ouzts said everything he owned except his car was destroyed during
the Aug. 4 floods that hit Southern Indiana, but four months later, he has not
received any assistance from the government.

"I lost absolutely everything," he said. "It's kind of hard to even think about
that."

His partially underground apartment on the 800 block of Howard Avenue in
Jeffersonville had an eight-foot ceiling and 10 feet of water. People in other
units of the apartment complex had to be rescued by firefighters, he said.

"The water blew out both windows, and everything was flooded within minutes," he
said.

He was placed in a motel for five days and then had to find a new place to live.

Ouzts was one of more than two dozen Clark and Floyd County residents to show up
at a meeting organized by Rep. Ed Clere, R-New Albany, at the Clarksville
Community Center on Saturday morning. Officials from the Small Business
Administration and Indiana Department of Homeland Security were on hand to help
guide people through the process of applying for loans and grants.

"It's been a long four months for people effected by the flooding," Clere said.

Clere said he knew many people still had questions after the Federal Emergency
Management Agency denied Gov. Mitch Daniels' request for federal disaster
assistance. That led him to set up what he hoped would be a "one-stop shop" for
people to apply for help.

"The meeting accomplished what we set out to accomplish," Clere said. "We
connected people with the right agencies to help."

People who suffered flood damage have until Jan. 5 to apply for SBA loans. The
SBA offers loans with interest rates as low at 2.75 percent and up to $14,000
without any collateral, according to Alana Chavez, communications specialist
with the SBA.

Anyone who is denied an SBA loan, usually because of poor credit history or
inability to pay the money back, becomes eligible to apply for a $5,000 grant
from the state.

Clere said this is the first time in state history that grant money has been
available to individuals through the Indiana Natural Disaster Fund, which was
established in 2006.

Phil Brown, deputy director of the IDHS Division of Response and Recovery, said
there have been 44 people so far who were denied SBA assistance. Those names are
forwarded on to the IDHS.

People who do not apply for the SBA loan cannot apply for the state grant money.

Residents growing increasingly frustrated

As with several other public meetings that have been held over the past few
months, many residents were angry.

"We are taxpayers, and this problem isn't our fault," said Beth Dorsey, who
lives on Maple Court. "It's a problem with infrastructure. At what point do we
get help from the state that's taking our money?"

After repeated flooding problems since 1997, Dorsey and her husband, Phil,
purchased flood insurance. They have received $10,000 from the insurance
company, and they already have two SBA loans with monthly payments of more than
$200.

"That's not near enough to pay for all of the damage we've had," she said.

Dorsey believes she should be eligible for grant money, but she must apply for
another SBA loan instead. She says their chronic flooding problem is from water
running off from the nearby church and school.

"Our house is quickly deteriorating, and we can't even qualify for a grant," she
said.

Rep. Steve Stemler, D-Jeffersonville, said he understand the frustration with
government bureaucracy. He said his focus now will be on what can be done to
prevent future flooding damage.

"It's going to be difficult (because of the poor economy), but this is certainly
a high priority," he said.

New Albany Mayor Doug England asked a familiar question to many Hoosiers, one no
one at the meeting could answer. Why did Kentucky receive FEMA assistance when
Indiana did not?

"I don't understand what my governor didn't do or what my president didn't do,"
he said. "My feet got just as wet."

U.S. Congressman Baron Hill, D-Ind., has introduced legislation that would
reform how damage totals are figured for border states.

"What we've done is try to simplify this to look at a more regional
perspective," said Adam Dickey, Hill's representative at the meeting.

Dickey said the congressman will ask that the Disaster Assistance Reform Act
take effect retroactively, but he says they will face opposition because each
politician will want the date the law goes into effect to benefit their
constituents.

It is expected that there will be hearings on the matter in January. For some,
that is not soon enough.

"Where have you been for four months?" said one angry resident to the government
officials. "This has been our (Hurricane) Katrina, and you've been our President
Bush."

Local officials say they are doing all they can. Clere pointed out that Chavez
flew in from Chicago, while two officials from IDHS drove from Indianapolis to
speak to residents at the meeting.

"Obviously, we all wish FEMA assistance was available," Clere said. "We're all
frustrated, but our focus has to be on what we can do and not what we can't do."

Anyone needing information about SBA loans can call 1-800-659-2955 or go to
www.sba.gov.

To see more of The Evening News and The Tribune, or to subscribe to the
newspapers, go to http://www.news-tribune.net. Copyright (c) 2009, The Evening
News and the Tribune, Jeffersonville, Ind. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091213-JB-Four-months-later-flood-victims-still-seeking-help-1213

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JB


                                 Copyright 2009


                              710 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            August 1, 2015 Saturday

Sudan - Emergency Water, Sanitation and Hygiene - Oxfam Canada 2015

LENGTH: 302  words


March 2015

Ongoing conflicts in Darfur, South Kordofan and Blue Nile States, as well as an
influx of refugees from South Sudan, have contributed to a significant
deterioration of the humanitarian situation in Sudan. Some 6.6 million people
are in need of humanitarian assistance, including 3.1 million internally
displaced people, 700,000 refugees and asylum seekers, 1.2 million malnourished
children under the age of five, and 1.6 million people who are food insecure.
Food security and malnutrition continue to be priority sectors for humanitarian
assistance, as well as health and sanitation needs.


With DFATD  s support, Oxfam Canada is providing emergency food, water,
sanitation and hygiene services to 37,000 conflict-affected people in North
Darfur. Project activities include: (1) constructing four new boreholes with
hand pumps and rehabilitating ten non-functional hand pumps; (2) training 500
community members on hygiene practices, sanitation and water-related diseases;
(3) constructing 1,000 households latrines, distributing hygiene kits for 1,000
of the most vulnerable households, and cleaning tools for 700 additional
households; and (4) providing cash grants to 1,000 of the most vulnerable
households for cash-for-work projects.
Project completion date : 2016-03-31 12:00:00
Major organization : OXFAM CANADA

Address : 39 McArthur Avenue
Ottawa, Ontario, K1L 8L7

Country :Canada
Email : info@oxfam.ca

Url : http://www.oxfam.ca

Financier : Canadian International Development Agency (CIDA),

Financier address : Department of Foreign Affairs, Trade and Development
(Canada)
CANADIAN INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT AGENCY - CIDA
200 Promenade du Portage
Gatineau, Quebec
K1A 0G4 Canada
Tel: 819-997-5456
Toll-free: 1-800-230-6349
Fax: 819-953-6088
Email: info@acdi-cida.gc.ca
http://www.acdi-cida.gc.ca/

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              711 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                                 March 21, 2015

Insurgency - Japan Offers U.S.$3.4 Million Grants for IDPs in North East

BYLINE: Paul Obi

LENGTH: 362 words

DATELINE: Abuja


The United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF) Friday received a grant of US $ 3.4
million or N750 million) for Integrated Provision of Life-Saving Emergency
Interventions for Vulnerable Populations in the north east of Nigeria, from the
Government of Japan.

The grant, according to UNICEF, would be used for interventions focused on the
Internally Displaced Persons and conflict affected populations in the north east
of Nigeria in the sectors of Water Sanitation and Hygiene, Health, Nutrition,
Child Protection and Education.

The conflict in the north east of Nigeria especially in the states of Borno,
Yobe and Adamawa has caused large scale human suffering for the populations in
the areas especially children and women.

The conflict has triggered major population movements and the number of IDPs in
the north east has almost doubled in less than a year, from an estimated 647,000
in May 2014 to what International Office of Migration reports is now around 1.2
million.

UNICEF estimated that children "make up about 56 per cent of those who have been
internally displaced, with over half of them being five-years or younger."
UNICEF Country Director representative, Samuel Momanyi said: "This grant is
timely and will further boost the work UNICEF is doing in the northeast. It will
make a significant lifesaving contribution to alleviate the suffering of the
affected populations in the northeast especially children and women.

"Since 2000, the Government of Japan has been a major donor to UNICEF supporting
interventions in child survival, prevention of infectious diseases in children
and emergency interventions in Nigeria, through the UNICEF/Federal Government of
Nigeria Programme of Cooperation," Momanyi observed.

Chargés d' Affaires of Embassy of Japan, Masaya Otsuka stated that the "grant
aid will bring humanitarian assistance to the affected populations, especially
children in the northeast of Nigeria".

Otsuka observed that "the Government of Japan will continue to cooperate with
the people and Government of Nigeria and the international community to mitigate
the conflict through non-military assistance, and to support Nigerian people
affected by the conflict."

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              712 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 21, 2015 Tuesday

Texas: Housing Discrimination is Not Tolerated in Texas

LENGTH: 544  words

DATELINE: Austin


Department of Agriculture, The State of Texas has issued the following news
release:

In recognition of Fair Housing Month, Agriculture Commissioner Sid Miller and
the Texas Department of Agriculture (TDA) reminds the public that every Texan
has a right to be treated equally when trying to buy, finance or rent a home or
apartment under the Fair Housing Act, and discrimination in Texas will not be
tolerated. To emphasize the importance of fair housing rights, TDA recognizes
and celebrates April as Fair Housing Month in the Lone Star State.

"It is important that every Texan have the same opportunity and receive the same
treatment as their neighbor when trying to secure housing for themselves and
their family," Commissioner Miller said. "It doesn't matter where you are from
or what your background is, everyone has the right to equality."

Through its Office of Rural Affairs and the Texas Community Development Block
Grant (TxCDBG) program, TDA administers grant funding given by the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD). Grant funds are used to
further HUD's national program objectives of benefiting low or moderate income
persons, eliminating or preventing slums or blight, and meeting emergency needs.

Throughout the coming months, TDA will periodically showcase the great work
being done in local Texas communities on our website, TexasAgriculture.gov. Take
Hidalgo County for example: The county has taken steps to proactively ensure
that fair housing and other federal protections are given to every member of
their community. In Hidalgo County, every year during the first week of April,
the community celebrates National Community Development Week. During this week,
community partners come together to discuss opportunities and provide outreach
about fair housing laws and protections.

Additionally, Hidalgo County issues a yearly proclamation that declares April as
Fair Housing Month. The county also works to ensure its citizens are informed
about its first-time homebuyer and housing rehabilitation programs. As a result,
Hidalgo County recently qualified for TxCDBG funding for public sewer services
for those citizens whose homes lacked public water. Nearly 320 households in
Hidalgo County now have running water and public sewage services for the first
time ever due to TDA's TxCDBG funding.

"Many of our rural Texas communities are in desperate need of major
infrastructure upgrades," Commissioner Miller said. "TDA helps such communities
by granting funding or providing technical assistance for important community
development projects."

TDA's Office of Rural Affairs awards more than $60 million annually to rural
communities. Each year, these awards are used for basic infrastructure projects
such as water/wastewater facilities, street improvements, drainage projects,
housing rehabilitation and economic development opportunities for communities in
compliance with federal, state and local directives. In order to be eligible for
TxCDBG funding, a community must have local ordinances and policies in place
that do not create barriers to housing choice and comply with the federal fair
housing laws.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              713 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 24, 2015 Saturday

Utah: Iowa West Foundation Awards $5.2 Million in Grants

LENGTH: 243  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Foundation Center, The State of Utah has issued the following news release:

The fourth-quarter grants include $2.7 million to the Christian Home
Association-Children's Square U.S.A. to renovate its academic center and build
three residential cottages for treatment of children with behavioral challenges.
"Mental health is a focus area specifically called out in our strategic plan,"
said Iowa West Foundation president and CEO Pete Tulipana. "Children's Square is
significant to our community and to our mental health infrastructure
regionally."

The foundation also awarded $40,000 to Big Brothers and Big Sisters of the
Midlands to recruit adult mentors for children between the ages of 7 and 18 in
Pottawattamie or Mills counties, and $170,000 to the Housing and Emergency
Taskforce 2015, a collaboration between Heartland Family Service, Interfaith
Response, West Central Community Action, and Connections Area Agency on Aging,
to provide emergency energy and housing assistance to low-income families, the
homeless, and those near homelessness in Council Bluffs. In addition, the City
of Glenwood was awarded $50,000 to add a "lazy river" to its Charles E. Lakin
Aquatic Center, while the City of Council Bluffs will receive $115,000 to add a
splash-pad attraction to Fairmount Park and rehabilitate the Trolley Building in
Broadway Park.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              714 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                              July 2, 2013 Tuesday

Letter Box

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 1038 words


Tuesday July 2, 2013

Protecting Pisgah

Editor of the Reformer:

The next timber harvest in Pisgah State Park has begun at the Winchester
Road-Hubbard Hill Trail access. Access is also planned for the Horseshoe parking
lot.

I had sincerely, but naively, hoped that the commercial timber harvesting could
be curtailed based upon contractual agreements between the state of New
Hampshire and the Bureau of Outdoor Recreation under the Department of the
Interior. A request for funding, dated 1968, was to build a state park
specifically for outdoor recreation. The request was not for a state reservation
which would allow for recreation. The request also stated "An emphasis on
'wilderness' experience for the user. Multi purpose activities and facilities
will include swimming, boating, picnicking, camping and nature study." There is
no reference to commercial timber harvesting. There were no other agreements.

Prior to commitment to the project in 1967, a feasibility report was prepared
for the state by Per Nylen, funded by a federal grant through the Bureau of
Outdoor Recreation under provisions of the Land and Water Conservation Act of
1965 which stated: "The general directive for the need of study in this part of
the State stems from 'The N.H. Outdoor Recreation Plan' ... Southwestern State
Park: In this general area of the state, there is no public recreation area. It
is proposed to investigate and, if possible, plan for the development and
acquire the lands for a significant multi-use state park for this important
section of N.H. Purpose: multi use recreation."

The request was approved by the governor and council in May of 1968. In April
1990, the Land and Water Conservation Fund 25th Anniversary Award was presented
to the Division of Parks and Recreation: "Funds have been used over the past 25
years to add in the acquisition and development of Pisgah State Park ... Of
special significance at Pisgah though, was the foresight of the Division of
Parks and Recreation in envisioning the park in the first place ... and the
commitment of the N.H. Legislature to support ... Today near the growing
population centers of southern N.H., Pisgah remains protected and virtually
undisturbed."

Pisgah is, and always has been a park; a Park with a capital "P."

Kathy Thatcher,

Chesterfield N.H., June 27

Hidden by trees

Editor of the Reformer:

In response to concerns over preserving the "viewshed" near Exit 3/the gateway
to Vermont and the Concord, Mass., -based Winstanley Enterprises' proposed mega
solar development project ("Board seeks details on massive solar project," June
26). It seems only appropriate that the permit require the planting of a native
conifer tree buffer in order to maintain aesthetics and scenic beauty from the
interstate. A strategically planted line of trees would uphold the intent of Act
250 without keeping the project from moving forward.

Act 250 reads, in part: "Will not have an undue adverse effect on aesthetics,
scenic beauty, historic sites or natural areas, will not imperil necessary
wildlife habitat or endangered species in the immediate area."

Norma Manning,

Vernon, June 28

A word on addiction

Editor of the Reformer:

Lives will be saved by last month's drug arrests (in the Springfield area) by
our public safety officers, and the community should be grateful for this
intervention.

Addiction is a progressive, life-threatening, often fatal disease. However,
treatment is available. There is no cure, but long-lasting recovery is possible
for all addicts. Many people first come to understand that they suffer from
addiction when a major arrest occurs, as easy access to the addictive drug is
interrupted.

Symptoms of acute withdrawal from opiate addiction include headache, sweats,
abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting and diarrhea, beginning a day or two after last
using. Opiate withdrawal is very uncomfortable, however opiate overdose is much
more dangerous. Anyone experiencing these symptoms should seek prompt medical
attention from their primary care provider. If you need assistance in
establishing a primary care relationship, please call Springfield Medical Care
Systems' referral line at 802-885-7604 or visit our website
atwww.springfieldmed.org . If you are in an emergency medical situation, you
should seek assistance from the closest emergency department, or call 911 for
emergency medical assistance.

A special word to the families and friends of addicts and alcoholics. Addiction
affects everyone in the family. However, you didn't cause it, you don't control
it, and you can't cure it. You are also suffering from the effects of the
addiction and may need help as well. I urge all who are suffering directly or
indirectly from the effects of alcoholism and addiction to seek medical care as
well as the fellowship and compassionate support of our local 12-step recovery
communities.

Sarah Kemble, MD, MPH

Chief Medical Officer

Springfield Medical Care Systems

Chester Family Medicine

Ellsworth Memorial Health Center

Chester, June 21

Beware of barbecued bugs

Editor of the Reformer:

What ever happened to the good old days when the worst things we had to fear on
the 4th of July were traffic jams and wayward fireworks?

According to the Department of Agriculture's Meat & Poultry Hotline, this year's
top threat is food poisoning by nasty E. coli and Salmonella bugs lurking in
hamburgers and hot dogs at millions of backyard barbecues. The Hotline's advice
is to grill them longer and hotter. Of course, they don't bother to mention that
the high-temperature grilling that kills the bugs also forms lots of
cancer-causing compounds.

Luckily, a bunch of enterprising U.S. food manufacturers and processors have met
this challenge head-on by developing a great variety of healthful, delicious and
convenient veggie burgers and soy dogs. These delicious plant-based foods don't
harbor nasty pathogens or cancer-causing compounds. They don't even carry
cholesterol, saturated fats, drugs, or pesticides. And, they are waiting for us
in the frozen food section of our supermarket.

This 4th of July offers a great opportunity to declare our independence from the
meat industry and to share wholesome veggie burgers and soy dogs with our family
and friends.

Kyle Roberts,

Brattleboro, June 27

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              715 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Daily Liberal

                             March 20, 2017 Monday
                           Print & Internet Editions

Coulton's catch up

BYLINE: Mark Coulton

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 592 words


The announcement that Natural Disaster Relief Assistance Recovery Grant status
now applies for landholders impacted by the 12 February, Sir Ivan fires was
fantastic news.

The Category C grants will entitle bona fide primary producers to access funds
of up to $15,000 which can be used to repair infrastructure like fencing and
water systems, the cost of disposing of dead livestock, purchasing fodder and
re-sowing or repairing perennial pastures. Right from the outset I have been
working hard with my Federal colleagues to have this application signed off by
Prime Minister Turnbull and this announcement will give great relief. In fact I
was assured by a local shire councillor and emergency co-ordination staff that
this application had "gone through in record time". So I would like to pay
tribute for their assistance to neighbouring Federal MP, the Deputy Prime
Minister and Agriculture and Water Resources Minister, Barnaby Joyce as well as
state colleagues, Barwon MP, Kevin Humphries, Dubbo MP, Troy Grant and Upper
Hunter MP, Michael Johnsen.

I also welcome the declaration by the Minister for Revenue and Financial
Services, Kelly O'Dwyer, that the February 2017 'Sir Ivan Fires' bushfires were
a disaster for the purposes of establishing Australian disaster relief funds. I
know that Australians have big hearts and this declaration will allow new funds
and qualifying existing funds established for the relief of people affected by
the Sir Ivan Fires to receive tax deductible donations. I'm really pleased that
Minister O'Dwyer understood the significant impact of this natural disaster and
acted quickly to help those in need.

I'd like to congratulate the communities across the Parke Electorate who have
already organised an event on Harmony Day, March 21 as they are part of
Australia's largest national multicultural event. Harmony Day gives communities
across the Electorate the opportunity to celebrate Australia's cultural
diversity and recognise local groups and individuals. Australia's cultural
diversity helps make us who we are.

Harmony Day promotes a sense of belonging for everyone and I'm pleased to see
Parkes Electorate celebrating again with some great events this year.
Communities and schools in Broken Hill, Bourke, Walgett, Collarenebri, Moree,
Gunnedah, Curlewis as well as Dubbo South Campus, Dunedoo Central School,
Dubbo's Bangamalanha Centre and Buninyong School and Community Centre are all
hosting Harmony Day events. We should celebrate and talk about the benefits of
our cultural diversity - how it brings us together, contributes to our economy
and helps to create innovation in our multicultural society.

Contrary to the scare campaign being peddled on schools funding by the Teachers'
Federation, the Coalition Government's Quality Schools, Quality Outcomes policy
will deliver record funding to schools that is needs-based and tied to
evidence-based initiatives that will lift outcomes for Australia's children.
There are no funding cuts. Simply, schools funding under the Coalition
government will grow from already-record levels. The Coalition government is
growing investment in schools from $16 billion in 2016 to $20.1 billion in 2020,
on top of more than $14 billion the Coalition has been delivering for regional
and remote schools since 2013. That is funding above inflation and above
enrolment growth projections. Funding growth means there's no reason schools
won't be able to continue to support teachers and new or existing initiatives,
such as specialist teachers or targeted intervention programs.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2017 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              716 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 9, 2016 Tuesday

Regulatory update: New York State Department of Public Service;KeySpan Gas East
Corp , has submitted (13-G-0001) Quarterly Status Report regarding Superstorm
Sandy Emergency Economic and Community Redevelopment Program

LENGTH: 1678 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Albany: New York State Department of Public Service has issued the following
document:





 Honorable Kathleen H. Burgess, Secretary

 State of New York

 Public Service Commission

 Three Empire State Plaza

 Albany, New York 12223-1350

 Re: Case 13-G-0001 - Petition of The Brooklyn Union Gas Company d/b/a National

 Grid NY and KeySpan Gas East Corp. d/b/a National Grid for Approval of Certain

 Economic Development Programs.



 Dear Secretary Burgess:

 The Brooklyn Union Gas Company d/b/a National Grid NY and KeySpan Gas East

 Corporation d/b/a National Grid (collectively, "National Grid") hereby submit
their Quarterly

 Status Report ("Report") regarding their Superstorm Sandy Emergency Economic
and

 Community Redevelopment Program in accordance with the Commission's October 18,
2013

 Order in the above-referenced matter. Certain confidential customer information
has been

 redacted in Attachment 1 of the Report. Contemporaneous with this filing,
copies of the

 redacted and unredacted document are being filed with the Commission's Records
Access

 Officer with a request for trade secret protection.

 Thank you for your attention to this matter.

 Sincerely,

 /s/ Mahati Guttikonda__

 Mahati Guttikonda

 cc: Arthur W. Hamlin

 Cathy Hughto-Delzer

 Mahati Guttikonda

 Senior Counsel

 Legal Department

 SANDY EMERGENCY ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT PROGRAMS

 QUARTERLY STATUS REPORT

 JANUARY 29, 2016

 I. INTRODUCTION

 In accordance with the the Commission's Order Approving Emergency Economic

 Development Programs With Modifications, dated October 18, 2013 ("Order"), in
Case

 13-G-0001, The Brooklyn Union Gas Company d/b/a National Grid NY ("KEDNY") and

 KeySpan Gas East Corporation d/b/a National Grid ("KEDLI") (collectively,
"National

 Grid" or "Companies") submit this Quarterly Status Report on the Companies'

 Superstorm Sandy Emergency Economic and Community Redevelopment Program

 ("Emergency Program").

 The Emergency Program consists of three "tiers" designed to provide financial

 assistance to National Grid customers impacted by Superstorm Sandy:

 Tier 1 - Immediate Service Restoration Assistance: Tier 1 provided eligible

 residential customers with a one-time bill credit of $150 to help offset the
costs of

 inspecting, repairing or replacing gas-fired heating equipment as quickly as

 possible so they could safely return home.

 Tier 2 - Additional Aid for Impacted Residential Customers: Tier 2 provided

 financial aid to residential customers to offset costs of repair or replacement
of

 heating equipment by licensed plumbers. Customers eligible for the Home

 Energy Assistance Program (HEAP) received a maximum reimbursement of

 $6,000 for a high efficiency gas boiler or $5,000 for a high efficiency gas
furnace

 and $1,600 for a gas water heater; non-HEAP eligible customers received a

 maximum reimbursement of $3,000 for replacement of similar equipment.

 National Grid also provided financial assistance of $1,000 for residential,
middle

 income customers located in areas declared a "state of emergency" who

 sustained significant physical damage and lost natural gas service because of

 the storm.

 Tier 3 - Economic and Community Development Assistance: Tier 3 provides

 funding to offset the costs of rehabilitating commercial, industrial, or
multifamily

 residential buildings that sustained physical damage as a result of Superstorm

 Sandy.

 Pursuant to the Order, this report provides an update on (i) the costs of the
tiers/grants,

 (ii) the costs to administer, and (iii) the status of the Emergency Program.
The report

 also identifies the customers to whom disbursements have been made, the amount
of

 each disbursement, and the justification. National Grid will continue providing
status

 reports on a quarterly basis until all program activity is completed.

 2

 II. APPLICATION ACTIVITY AND DISBURSEMENTS TO DATE

 Tier 1

 The Companies did not seek recovery for funding of the Tier 1 program. That
program

 (now closed) provided approximately $2.5 million in immediate financial aid to
a total of

 nearly 17,000 residential customers.

 Tiers 2 and 3

 Table 1 provides a summary of Tier 2 and Tier 3 program activity through
January 29,

 2016. With respect to Tier 2, a total of 5,277 grants have been distributed to

 residential customers in the KEDNY and KEDLI service territories, totalling
$7.005

 million in assistance. The Tier 2 program is now closed. No additional grants
are

 expected to be awarded to customers, and no additional expenditures are
anticipated.

 In its report filed on January 30, 2014, the Companies provided a detailed
listing of all

 Tier 2 grants disbursed, including identification of each customer, the amount
of each

 disbursement, and the justification for each award. Because there is no new
Tier 2

 activity in this quarter, the Companies are not providing an updated list at
this time.

 There are approximately twenty-five Tier 2 grants for which detailed
identifying

 information has not been provided. Most of these applications were submitted by


 distressed customers in "field" intake centers, primarily on the Rockaway
Peninsula.

 The documentation behind these transactions is still in the process of being
validated,

 and that data will be provided in future Status Reports as it becomes
available.

 The Tier 3 program has thus far disbursed a total of $10.3 million to 335
commercial

 and industrial customers. In order to qualify for reimbursement, Tier 3
customers must

 be able to document payments for eligible project costs at least equal to the
approved

 grant amount.

 National Grid stopped accepting Tier 3 applications as of April 1, 2014,
However, as

 indicated in Table 2, there are still Tier 3 applications pending final action.
Some of

 these have been approved and are currently awaiting project completion, and
others are

 still in the approval process and ultimately may be reimbursed to customers.
National

 Grid is in the process of contacting all active applicants to determine their
continued

 eligibility. There is also a population of applications that are inactive or
otherwise

 ineligible for funding. As a result, while the Companies initially expected all
expenditures

 to be completed by the end of 2014, it is likely that grant reimbursements will
continue

 through 2016. Ongoing approval/disbursement activity will be detailed in future
Status

 Reports.

 3

 Table 1 - Tier 2 & 3 Program Activity Summary

 Grants Customers Grants Customers Grants Customers

 Tier 2 $3,899,895 2,784 $3,105,291 2,493 $7,005,186 5,277

 Tier 3 $4,089,500 134 $6,212,000 201 $10,301,500 335

 TOTAL $7,989,395 2,918 $9,317,291 2,694 $17,306,686 5,612

 KEDNY KEDLI TOTAL

 CUSTOMERS SERVED AND DISBURSEMENTS THROUGH JANUARY 29, 2016

 Table 3 provides a geographic summary of Tier 3 program activity across the

 Companies' service areas. Applications and funding are fairly evenly
distributed across

 Brooklyn, Queens and Staten Island, while Long Island applications and funding
have

 been concentrated on businesses in Nassau County.

 B

 Suffolk Co LI 27 $625,000 $625,000

 GRANT TOTAL 494 $10,885,000 $10,301,500

 Emergency Sandy Program - Geographic Summary

 Ta

 Attachment 1 provides a detailed listing of all Tier 3 grant applicants and
recipients to

 date, including identification of each customer, the amount of each
disbursement, and

 the justification for each award.

 III. PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION COSTS

 National Grid has identified a total of $274,986 in incremental costs
associated with

 administering the Sandy Emergency Economic Development Programs. The costs

 identified are primarily related to (i) Design, production and delivery of
customer

 outreach/education materials; ii) Customer application processing; (iii) Tier 3
customer

 intake, screening and referral; (iv) Post installation equipment inspections;
and

 (v) Postage and miscellaneous administrative costs. To date the Company has

 validated and recorded a total of $112,444 in program administrative costs. The


  nd Delivery of Customer

 Outreach & Education Materials $196,249 $67,753

 Customer Application Processing $26,912 $25,668

 Contractor Costs for Tier 3 Customer Intake,

 Screening & Referral $17,317 $14,204

 Post Installation Equipment Inspections $4,508 $4,819

 Postage and Misc Administrative Costs (est.) $30,000 -

 $274,986 $112,444

 IV. OVERSIGHT AND ACCOUNTING

 While the Tier 2 program is effectively closed, National Grid continues to
review,

 validate, and reconcile its books of account to ensure accurate recording of
funding

 from the KEDLI Low Income Discount Program Balancing Account, or a KEDNY

 deferral, as appropriate pursuant to the Commission's Order. National Grid also


 continues to process and reimburse Tier 3 applications in accordance with
program

 eligibility criteria and the Commission's Order. As detailed in Attachment 1, a
small

 number of Tier 3 grants to date have included payments for replacement of
inventory

 and furnishings (which are not recoverable expenses pursuant to the Order).
Those

 costs have been excluded through an accounting adjustment/reclassification. The


 Companies continue to work closely with Tier 3 customers to facilitate and
expedite the

 reimbursement process, while ensuring that all required documentation is in
place prior

 to releasing funds. Finally, National Grid has established an ongoing review
process

 with NYS Empire State Development ("ESD") to coordinate assistance and avoid

 duplication of benefits provided by ESD and other providers of disaster relief
assistance.

 5

 The Company will provide details of how actual expenses are being funded
consistent

 with the Commission's Order in future Status Reports once the Company has

 completed the necessary validation and reconciliation for the recording of
Program

 costs.

 V. CONCLUSION

 To date, National Grid's Emergency Economic Development Program has provided a

 total of $17.3 million in disaster relief assistance to almost 5,600 impacted
residential

 and business customers. National Grid will continue providing status reports on
a

 quarterly basis until all program activity is completed.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              717 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                        JUNE 15, 1996 Saturday D EDITION

PA. BACKS DISASTER AID FOR BUCKS< INSPECTORS SPENT YESTERDAY ASSESSING FLOOD
DAMAGE.< THE DESIGNATION MAY LEAD TO FEDERAL RELIEF.

BYLINE: Richard V. Sabatini, Robert Zausner, and Larry King, INQUIRER STAFF
WRITERS

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 791 words


Gov. Ridge yesterday declared Bucks County a state disaster area, the first step
in seeking federal relief for victims of Wednesday evening's flooding.

The declaration came after six damage-assessment teams spent the day surveying
the sodden landscape of Lower Bucks, trying to put a label on the devastation
before them.

Although the teams' work is far from complete, Ridge said preliminary damage
reports were enough for him to label the area a disaster.

"While information on the impact of the flooding continues to be developed by
federal and state field teams, it is clear to me that communities in Bucks
County stand in a state of emergency," Ridge said in a statement.

The proclamation had been expected.

"We would not be there if it didn't have some possibility" of qualifying for
federal disaster funds, said John Comey, spokesman for the Pennsylvania
Emergency Management Agency, hours before Ridge's announcement. He called the
presence of the six PEMA assessment teams a "precursor to a major disaster
declaration."

Ridge said he would make a formal request for President Clinton to provide
federal assistance as soon as damage surveys were finished.

Federal help, if granted, could come at several levels.

At one level, homeowners, tenants and business owners would be eligible to apply
for federal grants or loans to repair their properties. If damage is deemed to
be of greater severity, local governments could receive federal money to fix
infrastructure such as roads and bridges.

The state assessment teams spent all day yesterday scanning debris-tossed roads
and trudging down mud banks. In Yardley, they viewed the Reading Avenue bridge,
whose collapse resulted in the death of a 53-year-old man. In Middletown, they
saw front lawns stacked with belongings and Dumpsters filled with generations of
memories lost to the raging waters.

"I saw many devastating sights; there are a lot of people in need out there,"
said State Rep. Anthony Melio (D., Bucks), who toured his Bristol Township
district yesterday.

He told of seeing living rooms where water had risen over TV sets, storage sheds
that had floated 30 feet across backyards, and homeowners crushed by the cost of
replacing uninsured belongings ruined by moisture and mud.

By mid-afternoon, the damage assessment work was "only about 50 percent
complete," said Carl Kuehn, PEMA's deputy director, who worked from a mobile
field office at the Middletown Township Municipal Building.

"It's going to take us longer than expected. We're literally going door to door
to talk to the homeowners," Kuehn said, adding that he expected the teams to
return today.

Comey said no monetary damage threshold was needed for a region or community to
be declared a federal disaster area. Estimates of $12 million in damages by
local officials were preliminary, he said.

Ridge could also grant state assistance. But while state law authorizes the
governor to provide as much as $10 million, there is no fund in the budget for
disaster relief. The money would have to be drawn from some other account in the
general-fund budget, Comey said.

In addition, Ridge could ask the federal Small Business Administration to
provide low-interest loans to homeowners, tenants and businesses, an action that
does not require a disaster declaration.

The SBA does not provide grants or funds for housing assistance, nor does it
provide money for infrastructure repair.

Comey said he could not immediately gauge the seriousness of the storm damage in
Bucks County but that from initial appearances "conditions appeared to be more
severe than just an SBA disaster."

Kuehn cautioned against anticipating an all-out presidential disaster
declaration. "At this point, it appears marginal at best," he said.

Kuehn explained that while teams are finding a lot of personal property losses,
there is far less structural damage, one of the criteria for federal aid.

Once the teams finish their work, a report will be forwarded to Ridge.

A team of damage assessors for the Lower Bucks County chapter of the American
Red Cross, led by disaster chairman Ed Meyers, conducted its own survey of the
damage yesterday.

The relief organization will open a service center today for people affected by
the flood who are seeking Red Cross assistance with food, clothing or household
items. The hours will be 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. at the Bristol Township Municipal
Building, 2501 Bath Rd.

"People's needs will be assessed individually by case workers," said Toni
Strauch, executive director of the chapter.

Depending on need, the center may remain open next week, Strauch said.

"We like to keep the service centers open until everyone has been served," she
said.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
PHOTO (2)
1. Disaster inspector Matt Marheine walks the plank toward the home of Dan Gallo
in Yardley. He accompanied Yardley Mayor Ed Johnson (right) and other officials
on a tour of flood-ravaged Lower Bucks County yesterday. (The Philadelphia
Inquirer, RON CORTES)
2. Dan Gallo (second from right) discusses his losses with (from left) Sgt.
James O'Neill, Mayor Ed Johnson, and inspector Matt Marheine. (The Philadelphia
Inquirer, RON CORTES)

                  Copyright 1996 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              718 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                   Daily Examiner (Grafton, New South Wales)

                            January 16, 2015 Friday

Drought response package welcomed

SECTION: Pg. 17

LENGTH: 234  words


NSW Farmers has welcomed a $20 million drought response package announced by NSW
Deputy Premier Troy Grant this week.

NSW Farmers president Fiona Simson said it was a helping hand, at the right
time.

"Farmers in NSW are currently experiencing some of the driest conditions on
record with many facing up to four years of no income," she said.

"We are pleased the government has recognised this ongoing and dire situation."

The package will be targeted to assist investment in water infrastructure with
farmers required to satisfy the criteria of experiencing a 1 in 50 year event.

The package will be broader than the previous Emergency Water Infrastructure
Rebate Scheme with dam works also included.

"This initiative will not only assist farmers in need, but it will importantly
also assist regional economies with the likely need for contractors to undertake
some of the water infrastructure works," Ms Simson said.

"Packages such as this one are crucial in ensuring farmers and their communities
are placed in a position to be able to recover from natural disasters such as
this one when the climatic conditions improve."

NSW Farmers will continue to work with government on the details of the package
and development of a longer term robust drought policy.

To access the package farmers can visit the Rural Assistance Authority website
www.raa.nsw.gov.au/assistance/emergency-water-infrastructure-rebate.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EDE


                    Copyright 2015 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              719 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             June 16, 2015 Tuesday

Economic development top Council goal

BYLINE: By Jane Northrop Pacifica Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: COMMUNITIES; News; Local

LENGTH: 399 words


On Monday, City Council unanimously adopted goals and set priorities to
accomplish for the next fiscal year.

A top 11 list of priorities includes -- top priority -- launching the economic
development program. Next up is applying for grants for the Palmetto Avenue
streetscape. Construction on Palmetto is hoped to begin next December. City
Council next prioritized developing the Beach Boulevard property, which includes
securing California Coastal Commission approval and marketing the property.

Next in order -- updating the general plan, repaying $4 million in loans,
holding community forums about the proposed Highway 1 widening, addressing
affordable housing needs, creating an employee recognition and retention
program, introducing priority-based budgeting, continue plans to build a new
library, work toward raising the "pavement condition index" so more streets will
be repaired and conducting a needs assessment for new city facilities.

In addition, City Council approved continuing work on long-term projects, but
these projects have not been prioritized. They are creating an emergency reserve
fund, working with the County of San Mateo and other cities on sea level rise
and other water issues, securing grant funding for the Pedro Point Headlands
trail and building the trail, funding the Milagra Drive on ramp and Manor Drive
overpass, completing the equalization basin, completing "safe routes to
schools," and continue to complete the rehabilitation of the sewer system.

Mayor Pro Tem Sue Digre asked about putting a revision of the city's sign
ordinance on a work plan, but settled instead for having the issue covered by
the city's economic development committee.

City Council goals are:

"Fiscal stability" invests in economic development, funding for emergencies and
being ready to react to grant opportunities.

"A connected community" expands communication.

"Stewardship of city infrastructure" includes replacing outdated facilities,
improving streets and responding to impacts of sea level rise.

"A healthy and compassionate community" addresses mental health services,
affordable housing, youth services and homelessness.

"Preserve and enhance natural resources" includes environmental health issues,
mapping out open space and preserving it.

"A strong workforce infrastructure" addresses employee retention and support.

Jane Northrop can be reached at jnorthrop@bayareanewsgroup.com

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              720 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 16, 2014 Wednesday

New Jersey: Freeholders and AC Electric Offer Information on Energy Assistance
Programs

LENGTH: 398  words

DATELINE: Trenton


Camden County, The State of New Jersey has issued the following news release:

The Freeholder Board and Atlantic City Electric remind customers they have
numerous options to apply for energy assistance if they are having difficulty
paying their bills.

"Our partners at Atlantic City Electric are joining us in connecting homeowners
with needed services and assistance," said Camden County Freeholder Director
Louis Cappelli, Jr.  "Many residents are unaware that these valuable resources
are available to assist them and their families."

Due to this past winter's extremely cold temperatures and potentially high
energy bills, the federally funded Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program
(LIHEAP) has extended its application deadline and emergency assistance request
period to June 30. LIHEAP is administered by the New Jersey Department of
Community Affairs and assists residents in paying for heating costs and certain
medically necessary cooling expenses. For more information, call (800) 510-3102
or visit www.energyassistance.nj.gov.

The Payment Assistance for Gas and Electric (PAGE) program provides relief on
natural gas and electric bills for low to moderate-income New Jersey households
that are experiencing a temporary financial crisis. Certain restrictions apply.
For more information, call (732) 982-8710 or visit www.njpoweron.org.

The TRUE Grant program assists customers who are ineligible for low-income
programs by providing up to $750 toward their Atlantic City Electric bill. Visit
www.ahanjtrue.org or call (732) 982-8710 for more information.

New Jersey SHARES is a nonprofit corporation that provides assistance to income
eligible New Jersey households in paying energy, telephone and water bills.
Applications for New Jersey SHARES grants can be made at any of the more than
270 participating social service agencies throughout the state. Visit
www.njshares.org or call 866-657-4273 for details.

Lifeline is a utility assistance program that offers $225 to persons who meet
certain income guidelines. This benefit includes utility customers as well as
tenants whose utility bills are included in their rent. Call (800) 792-9745 for
details.

For more information about energy assistance programs, visit www.nj211.org or
call 211, New Jersey's non-emergency helpline, available 24/7 throughout the
state.

For further information please visit: http://www.camdencounty.com/

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              721 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            August 10, 2010 Tuesday

Lt. Governor Skillman Awards Fulton County more than $2 Million for Dam
Reconstruction Project

LENGTH: 305  words

DATELINE: STATE HOUSE


STATE HOUSE, Aug. 10 -- The State Of Indiana has issued following Press Release:

Lt. Governor Becky Skillman announced today that Fulton County will receive
$2,016,847 for reconstruction of the Mt. Zion Dam, from disaster recovery funds
from the federal Community Development Block Grant program.

"A community's infrastructure is a key part of its economic success or failure,"
said Lt. Governor Becky Skillman. "Replacing this dam will move the community
past the flooding it experienced in 2008 and make the surrounding area a better
place to live, work, and do business."

The grant will fund the removal of the current Mt. Zion Dam and a new structure
will be constructed in its place. The current dam is in poor repair and the
hydraulic capacity of the spillway is inadequate. Because of the current
structure's condition, the surrounding area has experienced instances of
flooding so severe that emergency vehicles are unable to access the area. The
new dam will eliminate flooding to homes, businesses, and recreational areas.
The bridge over the Mt. Zion Dam will also be replaced, funded by $1.3 million
in Federal funds from the Indiana State Department of Transportation.

The CDBG funds were made available to aid in economic recovery after several
natural disasters caused damage in many areas across the state during 2008.
Indiana's CDBG Disaster Recovery program is administered by the Indiana Office
of Community and Rural Affairs. OCRA provides technical assistance to community
leaders during the 18-month implementation of their storm water improvement
projects.

For more information please contact plusnewspk@gmail.co Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              722 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    BBC Monitoring Latin America - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           September 14, 2008 Sunday

Caribbean bank offers help to storm-hit countries

LENGTH: 306 words


Text of report by Caribbean Media Corporation news agency website

KINGSTON, Jamaica, CMC

- The Caribbean Development Bank (CDB) is offering financial and technical
assistance to its borrowing members which have been hit by the recent passage of
Hurricanes Gustav, Hanna and Ike.

The Bahamas, Haiti, Jamaica, the Turks and Caicos Islands are among the
Caribbean nations trying to recover from the impact of the hurricanes and CDB
president, Dr Compton Bourne has written to the leaders of those countries
offering the bank's assistance.

"It comes in the form of grants to each country of US100,000 dollars to assist
with emergency relief, and US500,000 dollars immediate response loans for
clearing and cleaning affected areas and for emergency restoration of services,"
a statement issued by the bank on Thursday said.

"CDB would provide the engineering consultants to conduct independent inspection
and certification of works."

Dr Bourne told leaders that after a detailed assessment of the damage caused to
the social and economic infrastructure, CDB can work with them "to develop an
effective recovery strategy and financing for a programme of rehabilitation
works."

He has also assured them that members of the bank's staff stand ready to travel
to their country to begin work as soon as they were ready to receive them.

Haiti, the French-speaking Caribbean Community country, has been hit by all
three storms in recent weeks, leaving more than 300 people dead and several
communities still under water. Gustav left some 12 people dead in Jamaica and
millions of dollars in infrastructural damage. The Bahamas and the Turks and
Caicos Islands also saw heavy damage to houses and roads following the passage
of Hurricane Ike over the weekend.

Source: Caribbean Media Corporation news agency website, Bridgetown, in English
2150 gmt 11 Sep 08

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2008 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              723 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Scone Advocate

                                 June 23, 2011

Rain swamps Upper Hunter

SECTION: NEWS - GENERAL

LENGTH: 525  words


As the rain teemed farmers rejoiced as another dry spell was broken by Mother
Nature, but as the days went the impact was not all positive.

And while the sun has shone this week and the grass sprouted up out of the
ground, residents of the Upper Hunter have started work cleaning up the mess.

In what some have described as the biggest floods since 1978, parts of the area
became engulfed with water this time last week when more than 12 inches fell.

While people were trapped in at home and others unable to work due to the rain,
local infrastructure especially roads were also largely affected.

Last week various roads were closed due to local flooding in the Stewarts Brook,
Rouchel, Glenrock, Ellerston and Moonan Flat areas.

The shire was identified as a natural disaster area by Minister for Police and
Emergency Services Michael Gallacher which gives primary producers and small
business owners affected by the extreme weather the opportunity to apply for NSW
Natural Disaster Relief Assistance through the NSW Rural Assistance Authority.

A Disaster Recovery Committee was also launched by the Upper Hunter Shire
Council on Friday to provide support to the local authorities in managing the
recovery process.

The committee has highlighted initial needs for damage to and loss of primary
production resources including fences, pumps and fodder; health and community
service requirements; access and land management issues associated with river
restoration works.

A free call assistance line has been established to direct locals to the correct
agencies by contacting 1800 737 497.

Upper Hunter Shire Council local emergency management officer Coleen Pinkerton
said the committee was formed to assist the community through assessing the
consequences of the emergency and to monitor and coordinate the activities of
agencies with responsibility for the delivery of services during the recovery.

Upper Hunter Shire Council engineering operations manager Stephen Ward said the
council was assessing the road and bridge network daily to check water levels
and to identify when the council machinery could access the area to commence
emergency repair works to allow residents better access in the area.

"Machinery has been transferred to areas of need and council staff are working
on the emergency access works.

"Permanent restoration works are to be assessed and approved by government
authorities under the emergency declaration conditions before works can
commence," Mr Ward said.

"Approval of these works may be several weeks away as the council is required to
submit an itemised claim to restore the flood damaged roads to the Roads and
Traffic Authority (RTA).

"No permanent restoration of the damaged roads can be undertaken, unfortunately
until the RTA is able to undertake inspections and give the council approval to
expend the restoration funding."

Upper Hunter Shire mayor Lee Watts said the council urged all residents to
continue to drive safely and exercise extreme care when travelling in areas
affected by floodwater and heavy rain.

For more information on applying for rural assistance grants, contact 1800 678
593 or visit www.raa.nsw.gov.au

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2011 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              724 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            January 12, 1998, Monday

Weary flood victims press officials

BYLINE: GRAHAM BRINK

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 752 words

DATELINE: RIDGE MANOR



Disaster relief officials scheduled the meeting to answer questions from  flood
victims concerning financial aid and other assistance programs.

But what most of the 150 flood victims at the Ridge Manor Community Center  on
Saturday wanted to know was why the Withlacoochee River remains so high and
what can be done about it.

The meeting began with Federal Emergency Management Agency, American Red  Cross,
state and local officials explaining how flood victims could apply for
temporary housing, mortgage and rental assistance, repair loans and grants,
food and other necessities.

Once the meeting was opened to questions, the polite tone quickly gave way  to a
demand for answers.

Many flood victims present wanted officials to open the dam near Inglis on  the
Levy-Citrus border and to divert more water from the north-flowing
Withlacoochee River to the south-flowing Hillsborough River. Both rivers begin
in the Green Swamp area of Polk and Pasco counties.

"I've never seen a dam that doesn't hold back water," said Clyde  Patterson. "If
they opened it in Inglis, we'd get some relief in Hernando."

Opening the Inglis dam would have little impact on Hernando's flooding,  county
and water management officials said.

The flood surge has only recently begun moving into Citrus County and has  yet
to reach the dam, said Chester Bradshaw, a water activist and member of  the
Ecosystem Management Initiative Citizens Advisory.

"Right now, there is no flood water at the dam to release," he said.

The Green Swamp is about 140 feet above sea level. The Hernando flood zone  lies
at about 65 feet above sea level - 40 feet above the Inglis dam. The  flood
water surged down from the swamp but then stalled in Hernando.

"It's not the dam that's causing the flooding," Bradshaw said.

Bradshaw and Commissioner Pat Novy, who also attended the meeting, blame  the
flooding on a combination of heavy rains and human alterations to the  swamp.

The swamp received 18 inches of rain in December, eight times the average.
Also, farmers, businesses and homeowners have dug ditches diverting the water
from its natural path. The ditches create "desert-like islands in the middle  of
a swamp," Novy said.

"There are dried-up lakes and dry embankments that should be holding some  of
the water," said Novy, who flew over the area in December. "Instead, the  water
is all rushing to the river."

Longtime Olivet Drive resident Roy Tillis asked officials why more water
couldn't be diverted to the Hillsborough River, which remains well below flood
stage.

"That would seem to be a simple solution to any more flooding," Tillis  said.

To divert the water, the swamp needs to be returned to its natural state,
Bradshaw said. He advocates immediately filling in the ditches and tearing out
vegetation in areas where it wouldn't naturally grow. The changes would slow
the flow of water toward the Withlacoochee and also naturally divert some  water
south.

"There is no button to push or lever to pull that would automatically  divert
this floodwater," Bradshaw said.

Novy has coordinated with FEMA officials to petition the Army Corps of
Engineers to come to Hernando and examine the flooding. She hopes a thorough
survey of the flooded areas will reveal why so much water has stalled in
Hernando and what can be done to prevent it from happening in the future.

Crowd members - growing angry at what many said were inadequate answers -
wanted to know why no one from the Southwest Florida Water Management District
attended the meeting. Patterson and many others thought they were being  ignored
because of their economic status.

"The people behind the dam and down in Hillsborough live in nice,  expensive
homes and we live in trailers and shacks," he said. "It doesn't  take a genius
to figure who has the political backing."

Hernando's Emergency Management Officer David Casto said after the meeting  that
it was natural for flood victims to feel frustrated. The toll of almost  four
weeks of flooding was beginning to show.

"I believe everything that can be done to bring the water levels down and  to
help the victims is being done," he said. "Nothing that I know about is  being
held back."

The Ridge Manor Property Owners Association, which organized Saturday's
meeting, has scheduled a similar one at the community center at 7:30  tonight.
The center is at 34240 Cortez Blvd., about a quarter-mile west of U.S. 301.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: HERNANDO TIMES

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO, KEVIN WHITE, (2); Linda Dilks sits with her grandchildren,
Daniel Noble, 9, and Melonie Noble, 11, listening to officials address residents
during the meeting on flood aid.; Chester Bradshaw, Ecosystem Management
Initiative Citizens Advisory

                    Copyright 1998 Times Publishing Company


                              725 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Regional Times

                           November 27, 2010 Saturday

Canadian High Commissioner visits flood-hit areas of Dadu

BYLINE:  Ali Asghar Laghari

SECTION: Vol. III No. 1719

LENGTH: 354  words


The Canadian High Commissioner to Pakistan Ross Hynes visited flood-affected
areas in Dadu district, Sindh to review the work being undertaken with Canadian
assistance. At an internally displaced persons' camps in Dadu, High Commissioner
Hynes was briefed by local officials as well as representatives of the
humanitarian community, including the World Food Program, UN Refugee Agency and
UNICEF. "These floods have had a devastating impact on the lives of millions in
Pakistan. The government of Canada will continue to support the immediate relief
and early recovery needs of those affected," stated Canadian High Commissioner
Ross Hynes.

During the visit, High Commissioner Hynes announced that the Canadian High
Commission is providing $700,000 in humanitarian assistance to Pakistan-based
non-governmental organizations through the Canada Fund for Local Initiatives and
Balochistan Responsive Fund. These grants will help build local capacity by
supporting projects designed and implemented by Pakistani organizations. With
this support, grant recipients will distribute basic food and non- food items,
hygiene kits, install water-purification plants, construct temporary shelters
and latrines, repair infrastructure and provide health care services.

Canada will also provide $100,000 in assistance to the Government of Pakistan
National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) Gender and Child Cell to better
integrate the concerns and needs of women and children into all relief, early
recovery and rehabilitation activities through the formulation of policies and
implementation strategies. The Government of Canada has responded quickly to the
floods providing $52.7 million in assistance to support victims of the floods in
Pakistan.

In addition, Canadians have donated $46.8 million to flood relief in Pakistan,
and the Government of Canada has put the equivalent amount into the Pakistan
Relief Fund for relief and early recovery assistance. Canadian assistance is
providing emergency food, water, sanitation, agriculture support, shelter,
relief supplies, health services, protection, logistical support and bridges.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Regional Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              726 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                             March 19, 2010 Friday

Disaster aid may not help all

BYLINE: Michael Kane, ITEM STAFF

SECTION: Pg. 22

LENGTH: 818 words


Document everything is the advice federal and state officials are giving to
those affected by flooding earlier this week.

Thursday, officials from the federal and state emergency management agencies met
with town leaders from Clinton and Lancaster and legislators Harold Naughton Jr.
and Harriette Chandler as the first step in the process to get a disaster
declaration from Governor Deval Patrick.

A disaster declaration would make it possible for the towns to apply for federal
reimbursement for 75 percent of the emergency response costs, and also make it
possible for homeowners to apply for disaster relief grants.

Officials toured the affected areas with Naughton as part of what Federal
Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) Public Affairs Officer Darby Duffin said was
a preliminary damage team assessment. Information and photos collected from
Thursday's tour of the area will be forwarded to the governor's office,
according to Duffin, who said six counties have areas affected by flooding.

"It's up to the governor whether to request federal assistance," Duffin said.

In that regard, Chandler said solid dollar amounts are what drives a disaster
declaration. The more damage, the more likely it is that it can be declared a
disaster area.

"Accumulate receipts," Chandler said. "It's the dollar figure that's added up."

Unfortunately, Chandler said, getting accurate damage estimates often requires
homeowners to seek repairs and receive bills for service.

"That is a real concern," Chandler said. "Some of these people may not have the
money. This is an unforeseen event. They really will need help."

FEMA Representative Kenneth Swain told home and business owners who attended
that they are not eligible for FEMA disaster relief grants, but they may be
eligible for low-interest loans through the Small Business Administration (SBA).
Those loans can be as high as $2 million.

For homeowners, damage to personal property that is not among the primary living
area, like yards or structures not connected to the home, is not covered by FEMA
grants either. However, those damages too may qualify for a low-income loan of
up to $40,000 through the SBA, which facilitates disaster loans for FEMA.

FEMA does interview some, but not all, affected homeowners during what is known
as the "preliminary damage assessment," according to Swain. Naughton suggested
property owners contact his office to help with the process and to answer
questions.

Duffin said the first step property owners should take is informing local
officials of the damage, so it can be documented and reported.

If a disaster is declared, Swain said it will be announced in the media and
applications for grants will be made available. A centrally-located disaster
relief center will be set up within the disaster area to help the process.
Applicants will then be visited by a FEMA inspector.

Those affected have to do their part to help in the process, Swain cautioned.
That means documenting all damage and expenses that will be required by FEMA.

If denied assistance, there is an appeal process, but having the information
ahead of time can help avoid that and speed up the approval of grants.

"We'll do everything we can to help you, but you need to do your part," Swain
said.

Homeowners with flood insurance should immediately contact their insurers and
have documented what is and is not covered, Swain said. Otherwise, FEMA will
likely reject the claim because the homeowner is insured.

Likewise, car owners who lost vehicles will not have a chance to be reimbursed
unless the vehicle is needed to drive to and from work or other areas of need,
like regular medical treatments. That includes two-car families, Swain said.

"Both cars must be needed to get to work. If your car was on the property
unregistered, we won't even listen to you about it," Swain said.

Proof of ownership must be shown, as is proof of loss, including receipts for
having the cars towed from flooded yards. Homeowners are also advised to make
sure they tell FEMA inspectors of cars that have been removed from the property.

Homeowners who may not see visible signs of damage now, but are concerned about
possible damage to systems such as heating or air conditioning units, should
file with FEMA now, so that they can take advantage of the appeals process
later, Swain said.

In terms of municipal costs, Chandler said it is too early to say whether the
state will respond as it did after the December 2008 ice storm that devastated
much of central Massachusetts. Following that event, the state paid half of the
25 percent that FEMA did not cover as a way of assisting communities that were
struggling with the state's cuts to local aid that year.

"We haven't started talking about that yet, but there is a precedent," she said.

In addition, Chandler said, in reaction to a fire in Uxbridge, that she has
co-sponsored legislation to help small businesses affected by natural disasters.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS
(1 AND 2) Item photo/JAN GOTTESMAN; (3) Item photo/SHARON CLOUTIER; ( 4 AND 5)
Item photos/PAULA TERVO
(1) On Monday morning, when flooding washed away the ground under the train
tracks, a train was stuck near Duck Harbor for hours. (2) Trucks towing cars off
Green Street, Clinton, on Tuesday, created a wake of water, which annoyed
homeowners trying to protect their property from further flooding. (3) The
storage facility on High Street, Clinton, near Fung Wong's, was flooded Tuesday.
(4) Above, water rushed past Paula Tervo's house off Water Street on Tuesday, a
day after she was evacuated. (5) Below, dumpsters at Reisner Corp., across the
street, were floating in the water, against railroad underpinnings.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              727 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Waterloo Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 25, 2008 Friday

County flood, tornado victims get $11 million in FEMA help

BYLINE: Tim Jamison, Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 900 words


Jul. 25--WATERLOO -- The Federal Emergency Management Agency has doled more than
$11 million in housing and other grant assistance so far to Black Hawk County's
flood and tornado victims.

And the number is expected to continue rising.

"We have a lot of people in the community that are still dealing with the
effects," said Barbara Berquam, the county's Emergency Management Agency
coordinator.

Forty more people registered with FEMA over the past weekend, more than six
weeks after floods ravaged the area, to bring Black Hawk County's total
registration to more than 4,100, she said.

A FEMA report through July 18 showed those residents were in line for more than
$9.8 million in temporary housing and home repairs, while another $1.3 million
more has been approved for other needs, such as medical and dental expenses.
Some 67 property owners had received the maximum $28,800 grant.

Only Linn County and its county seat of Cedar Rapids received more FEMA grant
dollars -- just under $60 million -- than Black Hawk.

The numbers do not include any insurance payments or recovery loans to private
property owners and do not reflect any assistance to local governments, which
are expected to be provided later.

The report was released at a Thursday news conference where federal, state and
local government leaders addressed lingering questions about the disaster
recovery effort.

Residents in Iowa's 63 counties affected by the historic disaster still have
until Sept. 29 to register with FEMA for assistance. They can register by
calling (800) 621-3362 or online at www.fema.gov. Many applicants will receive a
loan application from the U.S. Small Business Administration, which can provide
low-interest loans to homeowners, renters or businesses to help them cover gaps
in insurance or other assistance.

"It's important folks fill out that (SBA) packet and turn it back in," said
Nancy Casper, FEMA Region 1 field office branch director, noting those who apply
are not required to accept a loan but could find themselves ineligible for
future assistance if they fail to respond.

The SBA's Roger Busch said he's hearing many businesses are not applying for the
loans because they incorrectly assume they won't be eligible for the lower 4
percent interest rate being offered.

"There's been about 300 loans for businesses that have been approved and only
about 11 of them have been at the higher (8 percent) rate," he said.

Many of the residents in limbo, attempting to determine whether to rebuild their
flood-damaged home or wait for a possible buyout program, will need to exercise
patience.

Black Hawk County and its cities continue to seek information from residents
interested in buyouts, but it could be 2009 before any money is available. And
Bret Voorhees, bureau chief for Iowa Homeland Security and Emergency Management,
said there likely won't be enough mitigation money from FEMA to fund all of the
property acquisitions proposed by various communities.

"It's a competitive process," Voorhees said.

FEMA's Casper said the agency potentially will help people with housing needs
for up to 18 months, provided they meet eligibility requirements. While that's
probably enough time to get someone through the buyout decision process, Casper
said that's not the desired choice.

"We strongly encourage them to repair their home to make it habitable," she
said.

Residents counting on a buyout could potentially burn through the maximum
$28,800 FEMA grant only to be left homeless if a buyout isn't approved.

Meanwhile, FEMA manufactured homes could be available soon in Black Hawk County,
although Casper said the agency prefers getting displaced residents into
existing housing stock.

"It's really good for the local community if we put people into available
housing recourses," she said, noting the trailers are "a last resort."

Cedar Falls Mayor Jon Crews said about 52 lots have been identified for the
trailers in the county, including 45 in existing mobile home parks in Waterloo
and seven in Cedar Falls. Flood or tornado victims needing a trailer should call
FEMA's housing hotline at 1-866-274-4392.

Crews, Waterloo Mayor Tim Hurley and county Board of Supervisors chairman John
Miller were all encouraging their residents to return surveys and questionnaires
related to their flood damage and potential buyout interest. Waterloo and Black
Hawk County have ended their free roadside flood debris collection, and Cedar
Falls soon will be providing it only on a call-in basis.

Still, Hurley said life must continue, and it's important for those outside of
the area -- especially visitors and investors -- to understand the Cedar Valley
is back in business despite the local governments' new challenges to deal with
those still struggling with recovery.

"There's still people suffering whose lives will never be back to normal," he
said. "But we are not Katrina. We are not sitting here under 8 feet of water."

Contact Tim Jamison at (319) 291-1577 or tim.jamison@wcfcourier.com

To see more of the Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.wcfcourier.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, Waterloo-Cedar
Falls Courier, Iowa Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20080725-OO-County-flood-tornado-victims-get-11-million-in-FEMA-help-0725

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OO


                        Copyright 2008 Waterloo Courier


                              728 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     The Lebanon Daily News (Pennsylvania)

                            February 24, 2006 Friday

On fed dime, fire crew sets upgrades

BYLINE: SARAH E. BARRY, For The Daily News, Lebanon Daily News

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 296 words


IONA -- The Prescott Community Fire Co. is updating its equipment with the
assistance of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, the South Lebanon
supervisors learned this week.

The company has received $232,750 in funding from the government agency, money
that will be used for a new pumper/tanker to replace one of its aging trucks,
officials said.

The total cost of the 2006 Kenworth T800 will be about $270,000. The tanker will
hold 3,500 gallons and will have the ability to pump 1,500 gallons per minute.
The truck will replace a 1974 International tanker that held 3,200 gallons but
only pumped 250 gallons per minute.

South Lebanon Township relies heavily on Prescott for the transportation of
water to rural areas, where there are no hydrants, officials said. And most of
the area that Prescott serves is rural.

The truck is being built by New Lexington Fire Equipment Co., based in Somerset
County. Prescott Chief Lamar Martin said the company hopes to have the tanker
ready to serve the community by late summer.

In order to accommodate the new, larger tanker, renovations are planned for
Prescott's building, as are upgrades to the roof. Renovations are to begin
shortly.

Prescott is the third company in the township to receive FEMA grant money,
officials said. Both Friendship and Hebron received funds in the past few years
for the purchase of new equipment.

"FEMA grants have become more available to municipalities post 9/11," said
Supervisor Stephen Krause, long associated with the Friendship Fire Co. "It used
to be next to impossible to obtain federal funding for equipment. But since
9/11, our government understands the importance of having better-trained and
better-equipped fire personnel, both paid and volunteers."

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2006 Lebanon Daily News


                              729 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                          February 11, 2009 Wednesday
                                 Metro Edition

town square;
briefly;
ROSEMOUNT;
Help set city plans, policies

BYLINE: KATIE HUMPHREY, JOY POWELL, DYLAN BELDEN, Staff Writers

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2AA

LENGTH: 1407 words


The city is looking for residents to join the planning, utility and parks and
recreation commissions.

City council members will interview candidates on March 12 and then make
appointments to three-year terms that begin in April. The commissions meet once
or twice a month and members receive a $35 stipend for each meeting they attend.

The parks and recreation commission meets the fourth Monday of every month to
recommend policies and evaluate the needs of the parks system. The utility
commission, which supervises Rosemount's publicly owned water, sewer and storm
water utilities, meets the second Monday of the month. The planning commission
meets the second and fourth Tuesdays of each month to evaluate development
proposals and work on comprehensive and capital plans.

Interested residents can find application forms at City Hall or online at
www.ci.rosemount.mn.us. For more information, contact the city clerk's office at
651-322-2003. Applications are due Feb. 27.

BURNSVILLE

New office for Action Council

The nonprofit Community Action Council has opened a new office and gathering
place on Hwy. 13 in Burnsville.

The old administrative office in Lakeville will continue to house Community
Action Council staff and serve as a family resource center and food pantry.

The new office at 501 E. Hwy. 13, Suite 102, across from Burnsville High School,
houses Community Action Council administration and has space available for
gatherings of volunteers, families and the community to discuss problem solving
at the community level. There are conference rooms, more intimate meeting spaces
and a kitchen.

Visitors are welcome to drop by during business hours, from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Monday through Friday, or attend an after-hours ribbon cutting and open house
from 4:30 p.m. to 6:30 p.m. on March 5.

The Community Action Council aims to prevent violence, ensure school success and
promote long-term self-sufficiency. To learn more about the organization, call
952-985-5300 see www.community actioncouncil.org.

`Bite of Burnsville' features food, auction

The 18th annual "Bite of Burnsville," which features fare of area restaurants,
is set for Feb. 19 and will include a live auction "featuring many hard to get
and one-of-a-kind items," said Travis Martinson, program and events manager for
the Burnsville Chamber of Commerce.

The event is 6 p.m. to 10 p.m. at the Burnsville Performing Arts Center. A live
auction will begin at 8:15, immediately followed by a one-man show by Bob
Stromberg of Triple Espresso.

"This is a huge event and I am really proud of it," said Sue Luikens, the Bite's
auction chairwoman. "There will be a great selection in both auctions and we
will be certain to provide items in all price ranges so that every guest has an
opportunity to bid."

Some of the items to be offered in the auctions include four Britney
Spears/PussyCat Dolls VIP tickets; a Twin Cities pub crawl, replete with a party
bus, food and beverages; a hog roast by Divine Swine Catering; autographed
Vikings pictures and framed prints; a Marco Island getaway with a one-week condo
stay and airfare voucher, and a patio bar.

`State of the City' address at arts center

Burnsville's "State of the City" address is 11 a.m. today at the city's new
performing arts center.

The event, which is open to the public, is presented annually by the city of
Burnsville and the Burnsville Chamber of Commerce. Registration is available
through the Chamber of Commerce website at www.burnsvillechamber.com. Call
952-435-6000 with questions.

The Burnsville Performing Arts Center is at 12600 Nicollet Av. Registration
begins at 11 a.m. with the event completed by 1 p.m.

DAKOTA COUNTY

Winter fun by candlelight

If playing in the sparkling snow beneath a starry sky is your thing, try the
"Trails by Candlelight" event at Lebanon Hills Regional Park.

The park will be open for cross-country skiing, ice skating, hiking and
snowshoeing by candlelight on Feb. 21. The visitors center will be open for
those who need to warm up.

Skis and snowshoes will be available for rental, but participants need to bring
their own ice skates.

The cost is $5 per person if registered online at www.dakotacounty.us/parks by
Feb. 20. At the door, participants will pay $8. Kids 5 years old and under are
free.

Bremer offers a helping hand

A grant from the Bremer Emergency Fund of the Otto Bremer Foundation will make
$100,000 available to Dakota County residents in need of emergency assistance.

The money will be distributed by the county's employment and economic assistance
department to residents with urgent financial needs. It can be used for basic
needs including food, shelter, utilities, health care and transportation. In the
first nine months of 2008, the county served about 145 individuals or families
each month, many of them looking for help to keep utilities on or prevent
homelessness.

The grant money will supplement the county's $1.5 million annual budget for
emergency financial assistance, allowing the county to serve about 100 more
individuals or families.

To qualify for the financial assistance, residents must meet eligibility and
income requirements and the assistance must solve the financial problem by
itself or when combined with other funding. The income requirement, based on
federal poverty guidelines, is $53,000 or less for a family of four and $44,000
or less for a family of three.

The Otto Bremer Foundation gave out $4,155,578 to 81 agencies across Minnesota,
Wisconsin and North Dakota.

LAKEVILLE

Author Katz to headline domestic abuse luncheon

Mark Katz, an author and founder of Mentors and Violence Prevention, will be the
keynote speaker at the 24th Annual Domestic Abuse Awareness Luncheon sponsored
by the Community Action Council and the Lakeville Police Department on Friday.

Katz has examined gender-violence prevention education with men and boys,
focusing on sports culture and the military. He founded Mentors in Violence
Prevention to recruit high school, collegiate and professional athletes to fight
men's violence against women. He is also the author of "The Macho Paradox: Why
Some Men Hurt Women and How All Men Can Help."

The event will be held in the Grand Facile Ballroom of the Holiday Inn & Suites
in Lakeville beginning at 11 a.m. with registration. Lunch and the program will
run from 11:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m. Katz will be signing books, which can be
purchased on site after the luncheon.

The cost is $30 per person and seating is limited. Call the Community Action
Council at 952-985-5300 to register.

Library groups pick up `Florist's Daughter'

The reading groups of the Dakota County Heritage Library have selected "The
Florist's Daughter" by Patricia Hampl as their next book for discussion. In this
memoir, Hampl tells of growing up in mid-20th century St .Paul.

The Heritage Library offers two reading groups. The evening group meets at 7
p.m. Feb. 18 and the afternoon group on March 5 at noon in the library meeting
room.

The groups' next pick is "Curse of Chalion" by Lois McMaster Bujold. The dates
for these discussions will be March 25 and April 2.

The reading groups are free and open to anyone. New attendees are welcome and no
registration is necessary. The library is at 20085 Heritage Drive. For more
information, call 952-891-0360 or see www.dakotacounty.us/library.

SOUTH METRO AREA

Kline recognizes nominees to U.S. service academies

Rep. John Kline, R-Minn., recognized his nominees to the U.S. service academies
last week at a ceremony in his Burnsville office.

"I take a great deal of pride in the young men and women who serve our country,"
Kline, a retired Marine colonel, said in a news release.

His south-metro nominees were:

Apple Valley: Sean Maguire (Naval Academy); Joel Bertelsen (Naval Academy);
Michael Danley (West Point); Ryan Price (West Point); Mark Pohl (West Point);
and Scott Tangen (Naval Academy and West Point).

Burnsville: Margaret Puch (Naval Academy).

Eagan: Jeffrey Finnegan (Air Force Academy); John Lamey (West Point); and Robert
Kreyer (Naval Academy).

Lakeville: Joshua Williams (Naval Academy) and Paul Young (Air Force Academy).

Shakopee: Elliot Unseth (Air Force Academy).

The Air Force, Army (West Point), Naval, and Merchant Marine academies require
that applicants receive a nomination from their member of Congress, their
senator, the vice president or the president. Students interested in applying
for a 2010 nomination can see kline.house.gov for more information or call
Kline's office at 952-808-1213.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: SOUTH ONLY

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              730 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 20, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Efforts from Federal Partners Continue to Support Survivors in
Louisiana

LENGTH: 1474  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Federal Emergency Management Agency has issued the following news
release:



 The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) is leading the federal
government's effort to provide assistance and support to Louisiana, in response
to recent flooding.



 Providing survivors with housing solutions remains a top priority and FEMA is
collaborating with states and federal partners to coordinate strategies and
programs to help find suitable housing for Louisiana residents displaced by
flooding. Already, more than 98,000 Louisianans have registered for FEMA
assistance and more than $20 million has been approved to help survivors with
temporary rental assistance, essential home repairs and other serious
disaster-related needs. To begin the process, FEMA continues to advise residents
and business owners who sustained disaster-related losses to apply for
assistance by registering online at www.DisasterAssistance.gov, or calling
1-800-621-FEMA (3362) or 1-800-462-7585 (TTY). 711 relay or Video Relay Service
(VRS) are available by calling 800-621-3362 directly. The toll-free telephone
numbers will operate from 7:00 a.m. to 10:00 p.m. (Central Time) seven days a
week until further notice.





 FEMA is also supporting Louisiana's Disaster Housing Task Force to help
Louisiana residents displaced by the flooding find access to housing.  FEMA
activated its Transitional Sheltering Assistance (TSA) program, at the request
of the state of Louisiana, to make participating hotels or motels available for
eligible disaster survivors who are unable to return to their homes for an
extended period of time. This program is intended to provide short-term lodging
for eligible survivors who are currently residing in a personal vehicle, hotel
or motel, shelter, or place of employment.



 The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development is re-allocating existing
federal resources such as Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) and HOME
programs to give the state and communities the flexibility to redirect millions
of dollars of funding to address critical needs, including housing and services
for disaster survivors toward disaster relief.



 Additionally, as of today, more than 24,000 National Flood Insurance Program
(NFIP) policyholders have submitted claims for flood loss. FEMA authorized and
issued more than $4 million in advance payments to NFIP policyholders in
Louisiana who sustained flood-related damages to provide expedited relief to
disaster survivors.  FEMA continues advising those who would like to file a
claim should call their individual insurance carrier, or go to Floodsmart.gov
and review the "File Your Claim" section.



 Below is a summary of additional federal actions underway to support ongoing
response and recovery efforts:



 FEMA has more than 1,100 personnel on the ground, including six Incident
Management Assistance Teams, one Urban Search and Rescue team and Mobile
Emergency Response Support personnel. Disaster Survivor Assistance Teams are
visiting shelters in affected areas to assist with on-site registration for
survivors, provide applicant status checks, provide on-the-spot needs
assessments, and identify any unmet needs. FEMA also provided the state more
than 408,000 liters of water and more than 252,000 meals to distribute. FEMA and
the state are conducting joint federal/state preliminary damage assessments in
Assumption and St. Charles parishes over the next several days.



 The U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) opened a Business Recovery Center
in Walker, Louisiana and it is opening one in Tangipahoa Parish Saturday and one
in Baton Rouge on Monday. As of today, SBA issued more than 57,000 applications
to homeowners and businesses.



 The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) is expediting
federal assistance to provide support to homeowners and low-income renters
forced from their homes. HUD granted a 90-day moratorium on foreclosures and
forbearance of Federal Housing Administration (FHA)-insured home mortgages.



 The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services deployed two National Disaster
Medical System (NDMS) Disaster Medical Assistance Teams consisting of
approximately 80 NDMS members to Baton Rouge. In addition, U.S. Public Health
Service commissioned corps officers and a 30-person command and control unit.
They are among 200 staff deployed to support the response effort. HHS is
operating a Federal Medical Station capable of housing 250 patients on the
Louisiana State University campus and is providing care for 200 patients.



 The U.S. Department of Transportation made $2 million in emergency relief funds
immediately available through the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA) to help
repair roads and bridges in the affected areas. The funds will also help
stabilize structures to prevent further damage and set up detours until
permanent repairs are completed.



 The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (USACE) deployed team leaders and subject
matter expert personnel to assist the state and local government with debris
removal and flood response operations. USACE also provided St. John Parish with
HESCO Barriers. The state provided sand and coordinated with the National Guard
for installation.



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) is providing support to the state
through nutrition, farmer and rancher assistance. USDA Food and Nutrition
Service approved the state's hot foods waiver request. The waiver allows
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) and Disaster Supplemental
Nutrition Assistance Program (D-SNAP) recipients to purchase hot foods at
authorized SNAP retailers statewide with their benefits. USDA encourages
farmers, ranchers, producers, landowners and rural communities to contact their
local Louisiana USDA Service Center to report damages to crops or livestock
loss.



 The American Red Cross (ARC) operational priorities continue to focus on
providing food, shelter and relief supplies to survivors and working closely
with local authorities to assess what and where the current needs are. Nearly
4,000 people remain housed in 28 ARC community shelters. Since the flooding
began last week, ARC has provided more than 32,000 overnight stays in shelters
and served more than 158,000 meals and snacks with feeding partners. The Red
Cross Shelter Finder app displays open Red Cross shelters and their locations on
an easy to use map interface. Survivors can also find the location of the
nearest shelter by texting SHELTER and their Zip Code to 43362 (4FEMA). The
American Red Cross activated its Safe and Well program to allow survivors to let
family members know they are safe and for family members to search for loved
ones.



 National Center for Missing & Exploited Children (NCMEC) activated its
Unaccompanied Minors Registry (UMR). Family members can go to
http://umr.missingkids.org or call 1-800-THE-LOST to find unaccompanied children
who may have been separated from parents or caregivers because of the floods, by
entering basic information and/or a photo.



 The U.S. Northern Command activated Defense Coordinating Element to support
FEMA's Regional Response Coordination Center in Denton, Texas with Department of
Defense resources. The personnel are heavily involved in assisting relief
efforts on the ground.



 The U.S. Coast Guard continues to support Louisiana with air and surface rescue
operations.



 The Louisiana National Guard has more than 3,800 Guardsmen assisting with
emergency flood operations. They have rescued more than 19,000 citizens and over
2,600 pets, and have conducted operations including evacuations, search and
rescue, engineering missions, aerial sling-load drops, distribution and supply
of water, meals, cots, tarps, sandbags, and security and shelter support.



 The Corporation for National Community Service deployed more than 330
AmeriCorps members, including FEMA Corps and AmeriCorps Disaster Response Teams,
to support shelter operations, survivor call centers and disaster survivor
assistance teams.



 The United States Geological Survey (USGS) is in daily contact with local
cooperators, the National Weather Service and River Forecast Centers to give
status updates on streamgages and coordinate flood response efforts.



 The Federal Communications Commission continues to monitor communication
outages and is working closely with affected carriers to ensure services are
restored.



 The U.S. Department of Justice deployed personnel to assist in evacuation,
deconstruction and debris removal operations in the affected areas.



 The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency deployed specialist personnel to
monitor and assess the impacts of the flood. They are maintaining close
communication with the Louisiana Department of Environmental Quality.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              731 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 11, 2016 Friday

Washington: Multiagency Team Addresses Post-Wildfire Dangers in Eastern
Washington

LENGTH: 778  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Federal Emergency Management Agency has issued the following news
release:



 Washington suffered its worst wildfire season in state history in 2015. Raging
fires burned more than one million acres of public and private lands. After two
straight years of record-breaking wildfires, vast areas of the state face a much
greater risk of flash flooding, debris flow and mudslides. But a team effort by
all levels of government aims to reduce those threats to public safety.





 The team--called the Erosion Threat Assessment/Reduction Team (ETART)--was
formed by the Washington Military Department's Emergency Management Division
(EMD) and the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) after the Carlton
Complex Fire of 2014. A new ETART was formed in October 2015 following the
federal disaster declaration for the 2015 wildfires.



 ETART participants include EMD, FEMA, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, the
National Weather Service, the Confederated Tribes of the Colville Reservation,
the Washington State Conservation Commission, the Washington State Department of
Natural Resources, the Spokane, Okanagan and Whatcom conservation districts, and
many others.



 Led by the Okanogan Conservation District, ETART members measured soil quality,
assessed watershed changes, identified downstream risks and developed
recommendations to treat burned state, tribal and private lands.



 "Without vegetation to soak up rainwater on charred mountainsides, flash floods
and debris flows may occur after a drizzle or a downpour," said Anna Daggett,
FEMA's ETART coordinator. "ETART brings together partners to collaborate on ways
to reduce the vulnerability of those downstream homes, businesses and
communities."



 Besides seeding, erosion control measures may include debris racks, temporary
berms, low-water crossings and sediment retention basins. Other suggestions may
include bigger culverts, more rain gauges and warning signs, and improved road
drainage systems.



 While public health and safety remains the top priority, other values at risk
include property, natural resources, fish and wildlife habitats, as well as
cultural and heritage sites.



 "ETART addresses post-fire dangers and promotes collective action," said Gary
Urbas, EMD's ETART coordinator. "With experienced partners at the table, we can
assess and prioritize projects, then identify potential funding streams to fit
each project based on scale, location and other criteria, which may lead to a
faster and more cost-effective solution."



 Since the major disaster declaration resulting from wildfire and mudslide
damages that occurred Aug. 9 to Sept. 10, 2015, FEMA has obligated more than
$2.9 million in Public Assistance grants to



 Washington. Those funds reimburse eligible applicants in Chelan, Ferry,
Lincoln, Okanogan, Pend Oreille, Stevens, Whatcom and Yakima counties, as well
as the Confederated Tribes of the Colville Reservation, for at least 75 percent
of the costs for debris removal, emergency protective measures, and the repair
or restoration of disaster-damaged infrastructure.



 After the 2014 Carlton Complex Fire, FEMA provided $2.4 million in Public
Assistance grants specifically for ETART-identified projects. Those grants
funded erosion control measures that reduced the effects of the 2015
wildfires--such as installing straw wattles, clearing culverts and ditches of
debris, shoring up breached pond dams, and seeding and mulching burned lands.



 FEMA also offers fire suppression grants, firefighter assistance grants, Hazard
Mitigation Grants and National Fire Academy Educational Programs.



 Affected jurisdictions, landowners and business owners continue to submit
requests for grants, disaster loans, goods, services and technical assistance
from local, state and federal sources to recover from the wildfires, protect the
watersheds or reduce the risks associated with flooding and other natural
hazards.



 ETART recently issued its final report, which details its methodology,
assessments, debris-flow model maps, activities and recommendations. Completed
activities include:



     Compiled and shared multi-agency risk assessments across jurisdictions
through a public file-sharing site.



     Developed and disseminated an interagency program guide to assist
jurisdictions seeking assistance.



     Transitioned ETART to a long-term standing committee to address threats,
improve planning, and resolve policy and coordination issues that may thwart
successful response and recovery efforts related to past fires and potential
future events.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              732 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Richmond Register (Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            September 2, 2011 Friday

Federal, state and local officials announce Water Street drainage grant

BYLINE: Bill Robinson, Richmond Register, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 546 words


Sept. 02--RICHMOND -- The late 18th century village that became Richmond grew up
around a cluster of springs, one on what came to be called Water Street.

As is often the case with springs, the water bubbled up from a point surrounded
by higher ground.

As large buildings were erected, followed by streets and parking lots, Water
Street became known for the water that collected there after heavy rains.

Several attempts have been made over the years to improve drainage of the area,
including one that employed 19th-century railroad tank cars buried in the ground
to serve as culverts. As Water Street merchants and motorists know, those
efforts have enjoyed only limited success.

On a hot, dry Thursday morning, U.S. Rep. Ben Chandler, D-Sixth District, met
local and state elected officials under a shade tree only steps away from Water
Street's low point to announce a jointly funded $3.9 million project they
believe will finally carry excess surface water away from downtown to Dreaming
Creek and then the Kentucky River.

Few problems are more in need of fixing than downtown storm-water drainage, said
Richmond Mayor Jim Barnes.

The project will directly benefit more than 10,500 residents, by preventing
flooding and backflow, according to the grant application. Among the
beneficiaries are Madison Middle School and 13 Eastern Kentucky University
residence halls.

The solution has been nearly seven years in the making and required the effort
of governments at all three levels, the mayor said.

"Government works only when all governments work together," Barnes said, as
Chandler and state Sen. Jared Carpenter, R-Berea, and state Rep. Rita Smart,
D-Richmond, listened.

The funding, most of which comes from the federal government, would not have
been have been possible without Chandler's assistance, Barnes said.

Chandler said Richmond was "an easy community to care about."

The grant was a bi-partisan effort, the congressman said, noting the presence of
Carpenter and Smart.

That cooperative spirit is a refreshing contrast to the often rancorous
discourse of Washington and Frankfort, said Chandler, a former state auditor,
attorney general and unsuccessful candidate for governor.

The project is being funded by a $2.88 million grant from the Federal Emergency
Management Agency matched by $460,000 from the State Emergency Management
Agency, $300,000 from the state Department of Local Government and $200,000 from
a previous local bond issue, officials said.

Although funding is in hand, project design is only about 75 percent complete,
so construction likely will not begin until 2012 or possibly 2013, the mayor
said.

Barnes also praised the work of Integrated Engineering of Lexington and engineer
Harsha Wijesiri for conceiving a project that qualified for funding.

The project will require excavating across Main and Irvine streets through
parking lots and a parcel of land the city previously purchased between US Bank
and a block of Main Street buildings to reach a ravine that flows north from
beyond Irvine Street, the engineer said.

Bill Robinson can be reached at brobinson@richmondregister.com or at 624-6622.

___ (c)2011 the Richmond Register (Richmond, Ky.) Visit the Richmond Register
(Richmond, Ky.) at richmondregister.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110902-RP-Federal-state-and-local-officials-announce-Water
-Street-drainage-grant-0902-20110902

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RP


                        Copyright 2011 Richmond Register


                              733 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                              June 30, 2014 Monday

Pakistan: 3,670 tons of food per month needed to cover displaced families

LENGTH: 1047  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, June 30 -- The government has provided in-kind assistance of 25,000
metric tons of wheat to the World Food Programme (WFP). Yet, 3,670 tons of food
per month is needed to cover the current caseload of over 36,800 families who
have been displaced in the wake of the ongoing military operation.

A key challenge is the delays that trucks carrying supplies have to face on
account of stringent security checks, informs the June 27 situation report
release by OCHA here on Friday. To date, donors have committed or contributed
over $18 million to support the provision of life-saving assistance to
Internally Displaced Persons (IDPs). According to OCHA, partners are preparing
to apply for Central Emergency Response Fund (CERF) to fast track the response.

With almost no new displacements since June 24, the number of people displaced
from North Waziristan Agency (NWA) remains at over 457,000 people, with more
than 74 per cent of them women and children. Over 90,000 people have reached
Khost, Afghanistan, where they are receiving assistance from humanitarian
partners and the government. Unverified reports, according to OCHA, indicate
that another approximately 10,000 people are in Paktika and have not been
assessed as yet.

As of June 27, the Federally Administered Tribal Areas (Fata) Disaster
Management Authority (FDMA) has registered 457,048 IDPs (36,904 families). Very
few registrations have taken place after the re-imposition of curfew from June
24. Reports from the field suggest that a potentially significant number of
families who arrived through unfrequented routes remain un-registered. The
majority of the displaced families are residing in Bannu district, with others
moving to Hangu, Lakki Marwat, Karak, Dera Ismail Khan, Charsadda, Tank and
Kohat districts in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, as well as to other parts of the country.

The National Database Registration Authority (NADRA) has started verifying the
registered families and so far 17,000 families have been verified according to
FDMA. Another 13,500 have been rejected on the basis of issues such as invalid
or expired CNICs or invalid family trees. UNHCR is working with FDMA on issues
related to registration. According to the OCHA update, people who moved to Bannu
are facing hardships due to overwhelmed facilities. Most IDPs are living with
friends and relatives or in public buildings and rented houses. Due to high
demand, house rents have gone up and the displaced families are finding it hard
to cope with the situation. A large number of people have to share small rooms
in scorching heat. The government's established camp in FR Bannu has attracted
only 28 families.

On June 27, the Prime Minister announced Rs20,000 for each family as Ramazan
Package. In addition, the government is providing cash assistance of $200 to
each registered family. Thereafter, each family will receive a monthly allowance
of $150. This new allowance aims to enable families to afford the rent required.
The government has distributed 8,000 SIM cards for the distribution of cash
grants; over 7,085 of these cards have been activated already. The Pakistan Army
has commenced distribution of food rations, as provided by the United Arab
Emirates. The humanitarian community is supporting the government in provision
of emergency health kits, non-food items and food packages.

The UN Department for Safety and Security (UN DSS) conducted an assessment of
the hosting districts on June 24-25 to identify possible locations for offices
and distribution points. A lot still needs to be done in the area of health.
Refresher trainings are needed for Lady Health Workers, Lady Health Visitors and
Midwives. Partner organisations need to join in to provide mother and child
health care services. There are only four female medical officers in Bannu;
there is need for more female medical staff. In the wake of upcoming malaria and
dengue season, mosquito nets and other measures for mosquito control are also
yet to be ensured. Partners also need to start nutrition projects with a prime
focus on IDP children in Bannu. Mental and psychological health issues need to
be addressed too.

According to the OCHA situation report, the World Health Organisation has
provided 12 Emergency Health Kits (enough for 6,000 population per month), one
Diarrhoea Disease Kit (enough for 9,000 population per month) and 50,000 Oral
Rehydration Solutions for Bannu. DDKs are already propositioned in Dera Ismail
Khan. Moreover, WHO's environmental health engineers have started baseline
survey of water quality in Bannu. Out of 395 tube wells in the district,
selected water sources are being assessed. WHO will guide chlorination and other
measures for safe drinking water; will provide hygiene kits and conduct
community health and hygiene sessions; and will conduct training sessions for
the staff of public health engineering department to strengthen capacity for
water testing and chlorination.

A three-day polio immunisation campaign in district Bannu and Dera Ismail Khan
concluded on June 26. Both Bannu and Dera Ismail Khan Expanded Programme on
Immunisation departments have prepositioned vaccines as per projected demand.
However, DHOs need to devise a plan for routine vaccination of children because
vaccination coverage in Fata is generally poor and the risk of these diseases
increases significantly, not only among the displaced population, but also for
the host community.

According to the initial Wash assessments conducted by local partners and
available secondary data, water and sanitation facilities are immediately needed
in formal and informal camps, particularly in schools and hosting communities
where IDPs have taken refuge. The general hygiene condition in the displaced
population is also very poor and the possibility of any WASH-related disease
outbreak cannot be ruled out. The tehsil management administration and fire
brigade are jointly distributing drinking water through water tankers. On June
27, they distributed 96,000 litres of drinking water to IDPs in Bannu City, the
OCHA situation report informs

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              734 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                              July 13, 2009 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Walk away from health problems

BYLINE: The Citizen

SECTION: LIFESTYLES; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 665  words


Prince George

Community Services

Walk P.G. is looking for walkers!

Weekly walks will be held in Fort George Park throughout the summer. Everyone
welcome!

When: Tuesdays at 6:30 p.m.

Thursdays at 1 p.m.

Saturdays at 10:30 a.m.

Where: Meet at the Bandshell in Fort George Park.

Come join us - make friends, be active, and have fun!

For more information call: 250-561-9284

Walk P.G. is supported by the AiMHi - Prince George Association for Community
Living, Canadian Cancer Society, Canadian Diabetes Association, Canadian Mental
Health Association, Multiple Sclerosis Society of B.C., and Prince George
Personal Supports Centre.

Benefits of walking

Many British Columbians are not active enough to receive health benefits. This
is of serious concern since inactivity is associated with a number of health
issues including obesity, coronary heart disease, osteoporosis, and
cardiovascular disease. Walking is a simple way to improve overall wellbeing and
reduce the chances of developing the health concerns associated with inactivity.

Walking is free and can be done almost anywhere.

Walking is a form of exercise which is within the physical capabilities of many
people.

Walking may be a more realistic challenge than other more vigorous forms of
exercise.

Walking can be integrated into people's lifestyles relatively easily.

The level of impact is low and strain on the feet and joints is minimized thus
making the risk of injury very low.

Increasing physical activity through walking is associated many health benefits
including:

Reducing the risk of coronary heart disease.

Lowering blood pressure .

Reducing high cholesterol.

Reducing body fat.

Enhancing mental wellbeing.

Increasing bone density.

Reducing the risk of cancer of the colon.

Helping to control body weight.

Helping osteoarthritis.

Helping to increase flexibility and co-ordination.

Aquatics

Drowning is often silent, occurs within minutes and often when an adult is
nearby. Have your child practice wearing a life vest in the water.

Be a role model and be ready for an emergency. Wear your life vest even if you
know how to swim. Weather and water conditions change quickly. Wearing your life
vest is key to being prepared. Remember, life vests only work when they are
worn.

Learn to swim

Knowing how to swim is important for anyone who spends time near or on the water
and provides water safety skills.

Make sure your children learn how to swim and upgrade their swimming skills each
year.

Swim in designated areas with lifeguards if possible.

Make sure your children know how to dive safely. Check water depth (at least
nine feet) and for hidden objects.

Know what to do in an emergency

Learn child and adult CPR.

Practice what to do in an emergency.

Learn how to use rescue equipment while ensuring your own personal safety.

Swimming Lessons

The staff at Four Seasons Leisure Pool and the Prince George Aquatic Centre want
your children to be safe in and around the water.

Register online and receive a 10 per cent discount on swimming lessons

For more information or to register for an aquatics program please call the City
of Prince George at 561-7600 or visit: www.pgleisure.princegeorge.ca.

TRAVEL GRANTS

In an attempt to assist local artists, artisans, athletes, individuals and
organizations to participate in wholesome arts, cultural, amateur recreation and
sport activity and competition, at the zone, regional, provincial, Western
Canadian, national and international level, the City of Prince George provides
travel grant assistance, to help offset the cost of participating as
representatives of the City of Prince George.

Only Prince George based groups (where the majority of members are 18 years old
or younger) or individuals (18 years old or younger) who are sponsored by
recognized art, cultural, educational, amateur recreation/sport organizations
are eligible.

For more complete details on City of Prince George Travel Grants visit the City
website at http://www.city.pg.bc.ca/rec_culture/grants/travel/ or contact
Community Services at 561-7640.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              735 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            February 1, 2013 Friday

Alternative sought for Water Street buy-outs

BYLINE: By CHRIS MAYS / Reformer Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 818 words


Friday February 1, 2013

JAMAICA -- On Thursday, Water Street property owners, whose homes were destroyed
in Tropical Storm Irene, met to discuss options to the FEMA buy-outs that they
had been hoping to secure, but have not been able to.

"We're committed to finding ways to make sure those buy-outs move forward," said
Deputy Commissioner of the Department of Economic, Housing and Community
Development Jennifer Hollar.

She went on to talk about how the state plans to assist the town and property
owners.

Hollar emphasized that the purpose of this meeting was to start working with
homeowners and resources, and to act as if the buy-outs were moving forward.

"(The Community Development Block Grant program) was not designed to do this,
but the state is trying to support homeowners," said Hollar.

Although there has been no official word from FEMA that the buy-outs have been
denied, the research has been done and State Hazard Mitigation Officer Ray
Doherty announced that the applications would be deemed ineligible because the
properties did not meet the requirements for the Hazard Mitigation Grant
Program.

Benefit cost analysis tests were done, which are used to prove that the site is
historically prone to flood, and that significant damage had been done in that
area prior to this event.

FEMA has until March 1 to determine the applications' eligibility, but it may
announce it sooner, since the results of the benefit cost analysis showed that
there were not enough historical events to prove that section of Water Street
had been an area that repeatedly flooded.

The property owners have been waiting over a year in hopes of getting a
75-percent buy-out for their land from FEMA. CDBG funds were going to cover the
remaining 25 percent if homeowners received a buy-out from FEMA.

Options were discussed on Thursday afternoon that would enable the town to find
the funds to buy out the properties itself. This process would give the property
owners individual assessments, after looking at the value of the home before the
flood and each mortgage.

The CDBG Disaster Recovery funds would coincide with financial assistance from
other organizations. Private banks were mentioned as well as the Stratton
Foundation, which has already provided assistance to the Water Street property
owners.

Kevin Geiger, from the Two Rivers-Ottaquechee Regional Commission, talked to the
property owners and the Jamaica Selectboard about the steps that would need to
be taken. His organization helps the state handle disaster recovery.

First, the town would need to do appraisals of each property. It would look at
how much the property was worth before Irene. Then, there would be a title
search and a duplication of benefits test, which would look at any money the
property owners received from FEMA or insurance companies.

The town could then buy the property and demolish what's left. It was mentioned
by Irene Recovery Chief Paul Fraser that there is part of a barn left on one
property, along with a well and sewer system.

At the time of the closing, the previous homeowners would receive the funds from
a buy-out. This is when the grant would be closed. Any additional financial
assistance the property owners would need, they would have to seek from other
programs or organizations.

The use of the land would have its restrictions. No structures can be built on
the property except for restrooms. However, trails or a park would be allowable
as well as a fishing access. Trees could be planted there as well.

The town most likely would be unable to sell the property to a private company.

This process could take an estimated additional three to four months before the
town could start cleaning up the properties.

The Selectboard was worried about the cost to the town.

"We don't want to incur the same cost and not be reimbursed again," said
Selectboard Chairwoman Alexa Clark, referring to the HMGP process.

Hollar said this new effort is to hopefully coordinate the CDBG funds with
organizations like the Stratton Foundation to make it all possible.

Windham Regional Commission Executive Director Chris Campany volunteered his
organization to help the town and property owners with paperwork as well as with
coming up with a plan on how to use that land once it is owned by the town.

"If there are other things we can help with, let us know," he said.

Clark said that the board didn't mind paperwork, but would need assistance with
the appraisals.

It had been mentioned, too, that even if the buy-outs from FEMA went through, it
would still take up to three or four months to complete the rest of the process.

"The state wants to help with buy-outs," Hollar said at the end of the public
session. "It helps communities move forward. It helps individuals and homeowners
get the most and it moves dangerous structures."

Chris Mays can be reached at 802-254-2311, ext. 273, orcmays@reformer.com .
Follow Chris on Twitter @CMaysReformer.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Water Street in Jamaica was severely damaged by Tropical Storm Irene,
including several homes that were completely washed away. (Zachary P.
Stephens/Brattleboro Reformer)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              736 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 19, 2014 Wednesday

Utah: Texas Disaster Relief Fund

LENGTH: 362  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Texas Department of Agriculture
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Tom Entsminger
Email: Tom.Entsminger@TexasAgriculture.gov
Purpose

The Disaster Relief (DR) Fund addresses emergency situations in Texas that have
received an official disaster declaration (either by the Governor or the
President). Funds can be used to restore infrastructure damaged by natural
disasters such as tornadoes, hurricanes, floods, etc., to pre-disaster condition
in design, function, and capacity.

In a drought situation, the DR fund may also be used to install new facilities
that resolve a primary drinking water supply shortage. DR fund applications are
due within 12 months of the applicant being named in a disaster declaration.
Eligibility

Eligible applicants are non-entitlement general purpose units of local
government including cities and counties that are not participating or
designated as eligible to participate in the entitlement portion of the federal
Community Development Block Grant Program (CDBG). Non-entitlement cities that
are not participating in urban county programs through existing participation
agreements are eligible applicants.

Non-entitlement cities are located predominately in rural areas and are cities
with populations less than 50,000 thousand persons; cities that are not
designated as a central city of a metropolitan statistical area; and cites that
are not participating in urban county programs. Non-entitlement counties are
also predominately rural in nature and are counties that generally have fewer
than 200,000 persons in the non-entitlement cities and unincorporated areas
located in the county.
Geographic
coverage  Texas
Amount of
funding

Award Ceiling: $350,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Application
process

DR Fund grants are awarded on a first-come, first-served basis, with
applications being accepted and reviewed throughout the year.

A complete application is available on the Disaster Relief Fund webpage.
Tagged as  Community development, Emergency services, Texas

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              737 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 17, 2014 Monday

Utah: Texas Disaster Relief Fund

LENGTH: 362  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Texas Department of Agriculture
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Tom Entsminger
Email: Tom.Entsminger@TexasAgriculture.gov
Purpose

The Disaster Relief (DR) Fund addresses emergency situations in Texas that have
received an official disaster declaration (either by the Governor or the
President). Funds can be used to restore infrastructure damaged by natural
disasters such as tornadoes, hurricanes, floods, etc., to pre-disaster condition
in design, function, and capacity.

In a drought situation, the DR fund may also be used to install new facilities
that resolve a primary drinking water supply shortage. DR fund applications are
due within 12 months of the applicant being named in a disaster declaration.
Eligibility

Eligible applicants are non-entitlement general purpose units of local
government including cities and counties that are not participating or
designated as eligible to participate in the entitlement portion of the federal
Community Development Block Grant Program (CDBG). Non-entitlement cities that
are not participating in urban county programs through existing participation
agreements are eligible applicants.

Non-entitlement cities are located predominately in rural areas and are cities
with populations less than 50,000 thousand persons; cities that are not
designated as a central city of a metropolitan statistical area; and cites that
are not participating in urban county programs. Non-entitlement counties are
also predominately rural in nature and are counties that generally have fewer
than 200,000 persons in the non-entitlement cities and unincorporated areas
located in the county.
Geographic
coverage  Texas
Amount of
funding

Award Ceiling: $350,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Application
process

DR Fund grants are awarded on a first-come, first-served basis, with
applications being accepted and reviewed throughout the year.

A complete application is available on the Disaster Relief Fund webpage.
Tagged as  Community development, Emergency services, Texas

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              738 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 10, 2014 Monday

Utah: Texas Disaster Relief Fund

LENGTH: 362  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  Texas Department of Agriculture
Deadlines  Applications accepted on an ongoing basis
Contact

Tom Entsminger
Email: Tom.Entsminger@TexasAgriculture.gov
Purpose

The Disaster Relief (DR) Fund addresses emergency situations in Texas that have
received an official disaster declaration (either by the Governor or the
President). Funds can be used to restore infrastructure damaged by natural
disasters such as tornadoes, hurricanes, floods, etc., to pre-disaster condition
in design, function, and capacity.

In a drought situation, the DR fund may also be used to install new facilities
that resolve a primary drinking water supply shortage. DR fund applications are
due within 12 months of the applicant being named in a disaster declaration.
Eligibility

Eligible applicants are non-entitlement general purpose units of local
government including cities and counties that are not participating or
designated as eligible to participate in the entitlement portion of the federal
Community Development Block Grant Program (CDBG). Non-entitlement cities that
are not participating in urban county programs through existing participation
agreements are eligible applicants.

Non-entitlement cities are located predominately in rural areas and are cities
with populations less than 50,000 thousand persons; cities that are not
designated as a central city of a metropolitan statistical area; and cites that
are not participating in urban county programs. Non-entitlement counties are
also predominately rural in nature and are counties that generally have fewer
than 200,000 persons in the non-entitlement cities and unincorporated areas
located in the county.
Geographic
coverage  Texas
Amount of
funding

Award Ceiling: $350,000
Award Floor: $50,000
Application
process

DR Fund grants are awarded on a first-come, first-served basis, with
applications being accepted and reviewed throughout the year.

A complete application is available on the Disaster Relief Fund webpage.
Tagged as  Community development, Emergency services, Texas

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              739 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                           September 23, 2016 Friday

Grant pays to replace hose for seven fire departments in northern Berkshire
County

BYLINE: By Adam Shanks ashanks@berkshireeagle.com @EagleAdamShanks on Twitter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 490 words


NORTH ADAMS &GT;&GT; When firefighters are battling a blaze, they need
dependable hose that can withstand intense pressure and bring water to the
flames.

This month, seven North County fire departments were collectively awarded a
$174,373 federal grant to replace their aging hoses through the Department of
Homeland Security's Assistant to Firefighters Grant Program.

With assistance in grant writing from Emergency Response Consulting and support
from U.S. Rep Richard Neal, D-Springfield, the departments won the program's
regional grant and will match it with about $17,000 of their own funding. The
hose that is purchased with the grant funding will be divided between the
departments as necessary, according to North Adams Fire Director Stephen
Meranti.

In a process that begins months before the grant is awarded, local chiefs work
together to assess the departments' needs and work on the application from
there.

"There is a lot of preparation that needs to be done," said Amalio Jusino,
president of the locally based Emergency Response Consulting.

Instead of applying for each department's laundry list of needs, they work
together to find a single item that could be useful to everyone.

"We found that everyone needed hose," Meranti said.

Although all departments test their hose annually, as the hose gets older
"there's always the risk of failure," according to Meranti.

The cost of the hose can range from $125 to $700 for a 50-foot length of hose.
Without grants, small departments like those in North County wouldn't be able to
provide the services that they do, Jusino said.

"It's big money for a lot of the smaller departments around here to replace
hose," Meranti said.

This was the second consecutive year the North County fire departments won the
regional grant, with last year's proceeds being used toward communications
equipment.

The departments   Williamstown, Clarksburg, Florida, Cheshire, Adams, North
Adams and Stamford, Vt.   are mutual aid partners, and all but North Adams are
volunteer. The bulk purchasing of hose also ensures that they can tie into each
other's lines when responding to a fire call together.

Meranti and Jusino credited Neal for always being a staunch supporter of the
Assistance to Firefighters Grant program and to local fire departments.

"I have been an outspoken advocate for the firefighters in Western Massachusetts
for many years, and will continue to support the important work they do each day
in their communities," Neal said in a recent statement announcing the grant.
"When there is a fire or an emergency, they are the ones who run toward the
danger."

The North Adams Fire Department also won a local grant for $22,000 to purchase
11 sets of turnout gear   the protective clothing the firefighters wear when
responding to a call. Each set of turnout gear   which does not include their
breathing apparatuses   can cost in excess of $2,000, Meranti said.

Contact Adam Shanks at 413-496-6376.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              740 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                              March 1, 2013 Friday

JACKSONVILLE JOURNAL

SECTION: Pg. C-5

LENGTH: 416 words


VOLUNTEERS TO HELP BUILD URBAN GARDEN

A coalition of Jacksonville agencies and volunteers will convert a vacant urban
lot into a community garden Saturday to help solve hunger in the surrounding
urban area.

The new Success Garden, located at 1232 Pearce St. near Edward Waters College,
will provide a place for needy families to grow vegetables and fruit to
supplement their food needs, according to a news release.

The college, the city and the Second Harvest North Florida food bank will lead
the 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. initiative. To volunteer, call (904) 365-4144, email
gardens@wenourishhope.org or go to wenourishhope.org.

KILWINS ICE CREAM RUN INCLUDES ICE CREAM

The first Kilwins Ice Cream Run will be held Saturday to benefit Clarke Schools
for Hearing and Speech in Jacksonville.

The event in front of the St. Johns Town Center store includes a 5K, 1-mile fun
run/walk, 100-yard Kiddie Dash for Clarke students and an ice cream celebration,
according to a news release.

Free ice cream for a year is the grand prize for the top male and female
finishers, awards will be presented to the top age-group finishers and the 5K or
fun run participant with the best "Ice Cream Flair" costume will win a cash
prize of $100.

To register, get more information or become a sponsor, go to
clarkeschools.org/icecreamrun.

REGISTER FOR CYSTIC FIBROSIS WALKS

Team registration is under way for six Cystic Fibrosis Foundation Great Strides
walks to be held in Northeast Florida in April and May.

The 10K walks will be held April 6 at the World Golf Village, May 2 at River
City Brewing Co., May 4 at Hanna Park, May 11 at Orange Park Kennel Club, May 16
at Keiser University's Southpoint Campus and May 18 at Fort Clinch State Park in
Fernandina Beach.

To register or get more information, go to cff.org/Chapters/nfl/greatstrides.

13 NONPROFITS SHARE IN $702,600 AWARD

The Community Safety Net Fund has awarded $702,600 in grants to 13 area
nonprofits that provide food, shelter and emergency assistance to those in need.

The fund, administered by The Community Foundation in Jacksonville, was
established in 2008 to help nonprofits help others during the recession.

Receiving grants were Aging True, Beaches Emergency Assistance Ministry,
Catholic Charities, City Rescue Mission, Clara White Mission, Community
Connections of Jacksonville, Downtown Ecumenical Services Council, ElderSource,
Jewish Family Community Services, Salvation Army, Second Harvest/Lutheran Social
Services, Sulzbacher Center and Trinity Rescue Mission.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 The Florida Times-Union


                              741 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 26, 2016 Wednesday

North Carolina: Updated Information for Hurricane Matthew Recovery Efforts

LENGTH: 713 words

DATELINE: New York



 Dare: Dare County of North Carolina has issued the following news release:





  FEMA ASSISTANCE AVAILABLE FOR THOSE WHO SUFFERED DAMAGE - APPLY NOW
Homeowners, renters and business owners in Dare County who suffered damage
during Hurricane Matthew are urged to register with the Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA), as they may be eligible for disaster assistance.
Assistance may include grants for temporary housing, rental assistance and home
repairs, and for other serious disaster-related needs, such as repairing or
replacing damaged or destroyed personal property, and medical and dental
expenses. You may register for assistance online or by phone- visit
https://www.disasterassistance.gov/ or call 1-800-621-3362 or TTY 800-462-7585.
Information regarding availability of local disaster recovery centers will be
provided as details are received.





 STORM DEBRIS REMOVAL TO BEGIN FRIDAY IN HATTERAS VILLAGE Limited storm debris
removal will begin in Hatteras Village on Friday, October 21. Debris removal
services will increase next week when additional resources from the debris
removal contractors arrive. Updated information regarding the schedule will be
provided as more details are available. All storm generated debris should be
placed on a state maintained road in the public right of way and separated as
follows:



 VEGETATIVE DEBRIS (whole trees, tree stumps, tree branches, tree trunks and
other leafy material)



 CONSTRUCTION AND DEMOLITION DEBRIS (damaged components of buildings and
structures such lumber and wood, wall board, glass, metal, roofing materials,
tile, furnishings, and fixtures)



 HOUSEHOLD HAZARDOUS WASTE (materials that are ignitable, reactive, toxic or
corrosive such as paints, cleaners, pesticides, etc.)



 WHITE GOODS (refrigerators, freezers, air conditioners, heat pumps, ovens,
ranges, washing machines, clothes dryers and water heaters)



 ELECTRONIC WASTE (computers, televisions, office electronic equipment, etc.)
Only loose debris will be collected, bagged debris should not be placed on the
public right-of- way.



 MONETARY DONATIONS STILL NEEDED Dare County (as a governmental entity) is no
longer accepting donations of material goods; however, the need remains for
monetary assistance to help individuals with immediate needs. The Outer Banks
Community Foundation is working closely with Interfaith Community Outreach and
the Department of Health & Human Services to provide financial assistance to
those with emergency needs. Donations can be made online at www.obxdisaster.org,
or mailed to the Outer Banks Community Foundation at 13 Skyline Road, Southern
Shores, NC 27949. Please write "Disaster Relief" in the check memo line.



 REPLACEMENT FOOD AND NUTRITION BENEFITS EXTENDED TO OCTOBER 28 Dare County Food
and Nutrition Services beneficiaries experiencing food loss should report the
loss to the Dare County Department of Health & Human Services' Social Services
Division by Friday, October 28 to determine if they qualify for replacement
benefits. Please call the Manteo Campus at 252.475.5500 or Frisco Campus at
252.475.9320. Beneficiaries unable to contact their local County Department of
Social Services may call the Electronic Benefits Call Center at 1-866-719-0141
to report food loss.



 Tetanus Clinics on Hatteras Island



 The Dare County Department of Health & Human Services is providing guidance
about tetanus vaccination for those who are involved in Hurricane Matthew
recovery efforts or have been exposed to flood waters.



 Those with minor wounds should receive a tetanus booster if it has been more
than 10 years since their last booster or if they cannot remember when they
received their last booster.



 If there is a larger wound or dirty wound present, those injured should seek
medical attention and receive a tetanus booster if it has been more than 5 years
since the last vaccination.



 Tetanus vaccinations will be available at the Dare County Department of Health
& Human Services' Frisco Campus Location on:

 -Tuesday, October 25, 2016

 -Thursday, October 27, 2016



 Shots will be offered during normal office hours which are 9:30 AM to 11:30 AM
and 1:00 PM to 3:00 PM











 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              742 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 26, 2016 Wednesday

North Carolina: Updated Information for Hurricane Matthew Recovery Efforts

LENGTH: 713 words

DATELINE: New York



 Dare: Dare County of North Carolina has issued the following news release:





  FEMA ASSISTANCE AVAILABLE FOR THOSE WHO SUFFERED DAMAGE - APPLY NOW
Homeowners, renters and business owners in Dare County who suffered damage
during Hurricane Matthew are urged to register with the Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA), as they may be eligible for disaster assistance.
Assistance may include grants for temporary housing, rental assistance and home
repairs, and for other serious disaster-related needs, such as repairing or
replacing damaged or destroyed personal property, and medical and dental
expenses. You may register for assistance online or by phone- visit
https://www.disasterassistance.gov/ or call 1-800-621-3362 or TTY 800-462-7585.
Information regarding availability of local disaster recovery centers will be
provided as details are received.





 STORM DEBRIS REMOVAL TO BEGIN FRIDAY IN HATTERAS VILLAGE Limited storm debris
removal will begin in Hatteras Village on Friday, October 21. Debris removal
services will increase next week when additional resources from the debris
removal contractors arrive. Updated information regarding the schedule will be
provided as more details are available. All storm generated debris should be
placed on a state maintained road in the public right of way and separated as
follows:



 VEGETATIVE DEBRIS (whole trees, tree stumps, tree branches, tree trunks and
other leafy material)



 CONSTRUCTION AND DEMOLITION DEBRIS (damaged components of buildings and
structures such lumber and wood, wall board, glass, metal, roofing materials,
tile, furnishings, and fixtures)



 HOUSEHOLD HAZARDOUS WASTE (materials that are ignitable, reactive, toxic or
corrosive such as paints, cleaners, pesticides, etc.)



 WHITE GOODS (refrigerators, freezers, air conditioners, heat pumps, ovens,
ranges, washing machines, clothes dryers and water heaters)



 ELECTRONIC WASTE (computers, televisions, office electronic equipment, etc.)
Only loose debris will be collected, bagged debris should not be placed on the
public right-of- way.



 MONETARY DONATIONS STILL NEEDED Dare County (as a governmental entity) is no
longer accepting donations of material goods; however, the need remains for
monetary assistance to help individuals with immediate needs. The Outer Banks
Community Foundation is working closely with Interfaith Community Outreach and
the Department of Health & Human Services to provide financial assistance to
those with emergency needs. Donations can be made online at www.obxdisaster.org,
or mailed to the Outer Banks Community Foundation at 13 Skyline Road, Southern
Shores, NC 27949. Please write "Disaster Relief" in the check memo line.



 REPLACEMENT FOOD AND NUTRITION BENEFITS EXTENDED TO OCTOBER 28 Dare County Food
and Nutrition Services beneficiaries experiencing food loss should report the
loss to the Dare County Department of Health & Human Services' Social Services
Division by Friday, October 28 to determine if they qualify for replacement
benefits. Please call the Manteo Campus at 252.475.5500 or Frisco Campus at
252.475.9320. Beneficiaries unable to contact their local County Department of
Social Services may call the Electronic Benefits Call Center at 1-866-719-0141
to report food loss.



 Tetanus Clinics on Hatteras Island



 The Dare County Department of Health & Human Services is providing guidance
about tetanus vaccination for those who are involved in Hurricane Matthew
recovery efforts or have been exposed to flood waters.



 Those with minor wounds should receive a tetanus booster if it has been more
than 10 years since their last booster or if they cannot remember when they
received their last booster.



 If there is a larger wound or dirty wound present, those injured should seek
medical attention and receive a tetanus booster if it has been more than 5 years
since the last vaccination.



 Tetanus vaccinations will be available at the Dare County Department of Health
& Human Services' Frisco Campus Location on:

 -Tuesday, October 25, 2016

 -Thursday, October 27, 2016



 Shots will be offered during normal office hours which are 9:30 AM to 11:30 AM
and 1:00 PM to 3:00 PM











 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              743 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 26, 2016 Wednesday

North Carolina: Updated Information for Hurricane Matthew Recovery Efforts

LENGTH: 713 words

DATELINE: New York



 Dare: Dare County of North Carolina has issued the following news release:





  FEMA ASSISTANCE AVAILABLE FOR THOSE WHO SUFFERED DAMAGE - APPLY NOW
Homeowners, renters and business owners in Dare County who suffered damage
during Hurricane Matthew are urged to register with the Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA), as they may be eligible for disaster assistance.
Assistance may include grants for temporary housing, rental assistance and home
repairs, and for other serious disaster-related needs, such as repairing or
replacing damaged or destroyed personal property, and medical and dental
expenses. You may register for assistance online or by phone- visit
https://www.disasterassistance.gov/ or call 1-800-621-3362 or TTY 800-462-7585.
Information regarding availability of local disaster recovery centers will be
provided as details are received.





 STORM DEBRIS REMOVAL TO BEGIN FRIDAY IN HATTERAS VILLAGE Limited storm debris
removal will begin in Hatteras Village on Friday, October 21. Debris removal
services will increase next week when additional resources from the debris
removal contractors arrive. Updated information regarding the schedule will be
provided as more details are available. All storm generated debris should be
placed on a state maintained road in the public right of way and separated as
follows:



 VEGETATIVE DEBRIS (whole trees, tree stumps, tree branches, tree trunks and
other leafy material)



 CONSTRUCTION AND DEMOLITION DEBRIS (damaged components of buildings and
structures such lumber and wood, wall board, glass, metal, roofing materials,
tile, furnishings, and fixtures)



 HOUSEHOLD HAZARDOUS WASTE (materials that are ignitable, reactive, toxic or
corrosive such as paints, cleaners, pesticides, etc.)



 WHITE GOODS (refrigerators, freezers, air conditioners, heat pumps, ovens,
ranges, washing machines, clothes dryers and water heaters)



 ELECTRONIC WASTE (computers, televisions, office electronic equipment, etc.)
Only loose debris will be collected, bagged debris should not be placed on the
public right-of- way.



 MONETARY DONATIONS STILL NEEDED Dare County (as a governmental entity) is no
longer accepting donations of material goods; however, the need remains for
monetary assistance to help individuals with immediate needs. The Outer Banks
Community Foundation is working closely with Interfaith Community Outreach and
the Department of Health & Human Services to provide financial assistance to
those with emergency needs. Donations can be made online at www.obxdisaster.org,
or mailed to the Outer Banks Community Foundation at 13 Skyline Road, Southern
Shores, NC 27949. Please write "Disaster Relief" in the check memo line.



 REPLACEMENT FOOD AND NUTRITION BENEFITS EXTENDED TO OCTOBER 28 Dare County Food
and Nutrition Services beneficiaries experiencing food loss should report the
loss to the Dare County Department of Health & Human Services' Social Services
Division by Friday, October 28 to determine if they qualify for replacement
benefits. Please call the Manteo Campus at 252.475.5500 or Frisco Campus at
252.475.9320. Beneficiaries unable to contact their local County Department of
Social Services may call the Electronic Benefits Call Center at 1-866-719-0141
to report food loss.



 Tetanus Clinics on Hatteras Island



 The Dare County Department of Health & Human Services is providing guidance
about tetanus vaccination for those who are involved in Hurricane Matthew
recovery efforts or have been exposed to flood waters.



 Those with minor wounds should receive a tetanus booster if it has been more
than 10 years since their last booster or if they cannot remember when they
received their last booster.



 If there is a larger wound or dirty wound present, those injured should seek
medical attention and receive a tetanus booster if it has been more than 5 years
since the last vaccination.



 Tetanus vaccinations will be available at the Dare County Department of Health
& Human Services' Frisco Campus Location on:

 -Tuesday, October 25, 2016

 -Thursday, October 27, 2016



 Shots will be offered during normal office hours which are 9:30 AM to 11:30 AM
and 1:00 PM to 3:00 PM











 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              744 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             June 27, 2013 Thursday

Pakistan: European Commission announces 10 million euros grant for KPK people

LENGTH: 752 words

DATELINE: ISLAAMBAD


ISLAAMBAD, June 27 -- The European Commission is providing additional funding of
(EURO)10 million to finance urgently needed humanitarian assistance to hundreds
of thousands of people recently displaced by violence and armed conflict in the
North-West of Pakistan. The aid is expected to reach over 200 000 internally
displaced people (Dips) with a particular emphasis on the most vulnerable,
including women, children, the elderly, and the disabled.

Commissioner Crystalline Gergiev, responsible for International Cooperation,
Humanitarian Aid and Crisis Response, said: "Pakistanis are suffering. Nearly
two hundred thousand people have recently been displaced due to fighting,
bringing the total number of displaced people in this region to over 1.2
million.

There is an urgent need to address the basic humanitarian needs of vulnerable
families who have left behind their houses and livelihoods, and who today have
no means of meeting their daily needs. Europe's solidarity is crucial in times
of crisis like this".

The additional funds will be allocated to address the most urgent humanitarian
needs, including emergency food assistance, access to safe drinking water,
hygiene and sanitation facilities, basic health care services, as well as
emergency shelter and protection and support services.

The delivery of aid will be targeted to those in greatest need and channelled
through the Commission's humanitarian partners including UN agencies, the Red
Cross/Red Crescent family and international non-government organisations.

This additional funding brings the European Commission's 2013 humanitarian
assistance in Pakistan to a total of (EURO) 52 million. The Commission has been
funding humanitarian aid in Pakistan since the 1990s, responding to the needs of
people affected by conflict and natural disasters, most notably following the
2005 earthquake and 2010 and 2011 floods.

With the new allocation, EU humanitarian aid to Pakistan totals almost (EURO)
440 million since 2009. In 2012, the Commission was the largest humanitarian
donor in Pakistan covering some 35% of the humanitarian funding for 2012.
Assistance and relief items were also channelled to flood victims through the EU
Civil Protection Mechanism.

Over the past four years, military operations by the Government against
non-state armed groups and on-going sectarian violence, have led to significant
population displacement in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa (KP) and the Federally
Administered Tribal Areas (FATA) of North-West Pakistan. Close to 1.25 million
people are currently displaced in these areas, including an estimated 200 000
people who have fled the fighting since the beginning of the year. While some
are in camps, an overwhelming majority have taken refuge among host communities,
whose resources have already been depleted due to the protracted nature of the
crisis.

According to OCHA, the UN humanitarian body, only 50% of the required $327
million for humanitarian assistance in KP and FATA are presently available. It
is estimated that an additional $160 million is required to address the most
pressing needs and bring temporary relief to the displaced populations and host
communities for the period June-December 2013.

The European Commission's current humanitarian involvement in Pakistan focuses
on three separate but interdependent crises: support for the conflict-affected
population and internally displaced persons (IDPs, more than 1.1 million
people); support for the food insecure populations whose situation has been
aggravated by recurrent flooding; and support for the Afghan refugees living in
Pakistan (around 1.7 million people), mostly through the United Nations High
Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR). Response to natural disasters is also an
integral part of the humanitarian commitment, together with disaster risk
reduction.

Responding to the on-going and evolving humanitarian situation, the Commission
has reacted quickly to help over 150,000 displaced families in Khyber
Pakhtunkhwa and FATA - many of whom are particularly vulnerable, such as women
or child-headed families.

The Commission is funding assistance to displaced families in camps as well as
those living in host families outside the camps: food assistance, shelter,
health care, access to safe drinking water, sanitation facilities and protection

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              745 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            January 27, 2014, Monday

STATEHOUSE BEAT;
Spill fills legislative void

BYLINE: Phil Kabler

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P5A

LENGTH: 750 words


FROM the Legislature's perspective, the nine-county water emergency provided
focus for a session that otherwise seemed destined to meander its way through 60
days without clear direction.

While the governor's State of the State address generally sets the course for
the legislative session - last year, Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin set public school
reforms and the Justice Reinvestment Act to reduce prison overcrowding and help
inmates assimilate back into society as the major goals - his 2014 address was
lacking in any initiatives.

With revenue shortfalls and elections looming for members of the House and half
of the Senate, the likelihood for bold, new initiatives coming out of the 2014
session was looking dismal.

Then, the chemical spill and water emergency arrived to fill the void, with
numerous public hearings, and by my count, at least a dozen bills introduced to
address concerns raised by the incident.

By all accounts, the legislation now on the Senate floor to require
registration, inspection and regulation of above-ground chemical storage tank
farms, and to require public water systems to develop emergency plans to respond
to contamination of their water sources (SB373) makes positive changes to state
law.

Conversely, a bill that unanimously passed the House and is currently in a
Senate Economic Development subcommittee to aid small businesses affected by the
water emergency (HB4175) is pretty much just for show.

As currently drafted, the bill says that in states of emergency, the governor is
authorized to determine what sorts of resources are available to assist affected
businesses, and determine criteria for awarding grants, loans, waivers of tax
payments, or whatever other assistance is available.

In other words, it basically gives the governor authority to do things he could
already do to assist businesses during states of emergency.

My understanding is the bill, which passed the House on Jan. 16, is being held
up in the Senate to allow time to look at ways to provide relief to employees of
businesses forced to close during the water emergency.

While it's doubtful that four to five days of lost business will force any
businesses in the affected area to go under, for employees - particularly those
in the restaurant and hospitality industries - four to five days without pay is
a serious hit.

---

Meanwhile, while under no circumstances is a chemical leak that compromises a
region's water supply tolerable or conscionable, federal Chemical Safety Board
inspector Johnnie Banks said one thing stands out about this investigation:

In almost all cases when the CSB is called in to investigate industrial chemical
accidents, there are fatalities involved, Banks said while testifying Friday
before the legislative Joint Commission on Water Resources.

Banks cited the West, Texas, fertilizer plant explosion last year that killed
14, injured more than 200, including more than 160 seriously injured, and
destroyed or damaged more than 150 buildings in the town of 2,800 near Waco.

According to state officials, West Virginia's water crisis resulted in no
deaths, fewer than 30 hospitalizations, none critical, and just over 500 people
seeking medical attention - and the Bureau for Public Health says that many of
those presented with symptoms may well be attributable to flu season, anxiety,
or the inability to wash hands adequately during the emergency.

While national commentators have depicted West Virginia as being unusually lax
in regulation of, and unusually tolerant of coal and chemical plants, Banks
suggested that is not uncommon nationally.

He said in many places across the country, chemical plants and communities
coexist for years and years, until a catastrophic event occurs - in places like
West; Geismar, La.; East Rutherford, N.J.; Richmond, Calif., and now Charleston,
sites of recent CSB investigations.

"We look at this, as you aptly say it, as a warning," Banks said of the water
emergency.

A warning to make sure it never happens again, since the next time, the
chemicals involved could be much more toxic.

---

Finally, semiretired Charleston lawyer/lobbyist and former state Democratic
Party Chairman George Carenbauer said he and wife, Beth, returned from a trip to
India (where he said they had access to potable water throughout their visit)
only to learn upon landing at Dulles International on Jan. 12 that their
supposedly "first-world" hometown was in the midst of a water contamination
crisis.

Reach Phil Kabler at philk@wvgazette.com or 304-348-1220.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Charleston Newspapers


                              746 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 25, 2015 Friday

Washington: THIS WEEK IN CONGRESS - December 18, 2015

LENGTH: 1865  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the MP Gregorio Kilili Camacho Sablan has issued the
following news release:



 In a statement to the U.S. House of Representatives this week, I gave an
account of the damage we suffered in Typhoon Soudelor and the response that
followed. And I gave thanks to all who made possible our remarkable rebound from
adversity. More than four months after one of the worst typhoons in memory, the
initial recovery is substantially complete, and long-term rebuilding is well
under way. In fact, the Federal Emergency Management Agency transitioned its
recovery operations back to the Region IX office in San Francisco this week.
Assistance from FEMA and other federal agencies will continue; and when all is
said and done, the Northern Marianas will have received an estimated $100
million in federal disaster aid to help us get back on our feet. But it is the
hard work and charity of so many individuals within our community and from
outside who have really made our recovery possible. I cannot put a dollar value
on that human effort; but I wanted to recognize and thank everyone and make a
permanent memorial of their accomplishment in the official record of the U.S.
Congress.


 FY16 funding, tax extenders approved.



 The House and Senate today passed, and the President already signed, an
appropriations and tax bill, providing $1.067 trillion in funding for the
federal government for the rest of fiscal year 2016 and extending a variety of
tax provisions.



 Highlights of funding and tax provisions that benefit the Northern Marianas
include:



     $22.5 billion for Pell Grants, which is the same as the 2015 enacted level.
When combined with mandatory funding, these discretionary funds will enable the
maximum grant to increase to an estimated $5,915, an increase of $140 in the
2016-2017 school year for NMC students.

     $6.35 billion to fully fund the Supplemental Nutrition Program for Women,
Infants, and Children (WIC) program in FY16. The amount is lower than the FY15
enacted level due to decreases in program participation and is expected to
provide full benefits to participants. WIC provides nutritional foods and
services to nutritionally at-risk low-income pregnant women, new mothers,
infants and young children in the Northern Marianas. The Northern Marianas WIC
program received $5.4 million in FY15.

     $638 million for the Maternal and Child Health Block Grant, an increase
from the FY 2015 enacted level. The Northern Marianas received $456,074 in FY
2014 to help address the health needs of mothers, infants and children,
including children with special health care needs and their families.

     Increases in funding for major housing programs: $19.63 billion for Section
8 Tenant-Based Rental Assistance, an approximate increase of $324 million from
the FY15 enacted level. Section 8 Project-Based Rental Assistance increases $890
to $10.62 billion. And the HOME Investment Partnership program is funded at $950
million, a $50 million increase from FY15.The Community Development Block Grant
remains at the FY15 funding level of $3 billion.

     A total of $600,000 appropriated for the Army Corps of Engineer to conduct
the feasibility studies for the Rota West Harbor and the Tinian Harbor. These
studies will determine the changes needed to make the Rota harbor more
accessible. The Tinian Harbor study will focus on ensuring the harbor can
support increased military activity.

     Military personnel will receive a 1.3% pay raise beginning January 1.

     H.R. 2029 reauthorizes the Land and Water Conservation Fund, which
Republicans allowed to expire onSeptember 30, for three years. The LWCF is one
of our country's most successful outdoor recreation and conservation programs.
Over the last 50 years, it has conserved national parks and forests, farms and
ranches, fish and wildlife refuges, trails, and state and local parks.

     Extension of the $250 tax credit for teacher classroom expenses.



 NMI educators: Apply now for LOC Summer Institutes.



 The application period for the Library of Congress' 2016 Summer Teacher
Institutes is now open, and educators from the Northern Marianas are encouraged
to apply. The application deadline is February 29, 2016. The highly acclaimed
Summer Teacher Institutes provide educators with the tools and training to
effectively utilize the Library's rich collection of primary sources in the
classroom. Educators will also be given the resources to share what they learn
with their colleagues in their respective districts. Five weeklong institutes
will be offered from June to July next year, including one institute focused on
science, engineering, and technology. The week-long training is free, but
participants are responsible for the costs of travel to Washington, DC, and room
and board. To learn more about the Summer Teacher Institutes, and to apply,
visit:http://www.loc.gov/teachers/professionaldevelopment/teacherinstitute/.

 Opprtunities - Federal grants, jobs for and in the Marianas



 Grants:



     2020 Census Integrated Communications Contract - The Census Bureau is
planning to award a contract to design, plan, produce, implement, and assess an
integrated communications program for the 2020 Census. The contractor will be
responsible for providing services in multiple communications areas to build
awareness and promote self-response for the 2020 Census. For more information
and important dates, go to
http://www.census.gov/about/business-opportunities/opportunities/vender-opps/201
4-10-15-2020-comm.html.

     Sparks! Ignition Grants for Libraries - Sparks! Ignition Grants for
Libraries are a special funding opportunity within the IMLS National Leadership
Grants for Libraries program. These small grants encourage libraries and
archives to test and evaluate specific innovations in the ways they operate and
the services they provide. Sparks Grants support the deployment, testing, and
evaluation of promising and groundbreaking new tools, products, services, or
organizational practices. Current closing date is February 1, 2016. For more
information, go tohttp://www.grants.gov/web/grants/
view-opportunity.html?oppId=280610.

     Drug-Free Communities (DFC) Support Program - The DFC Program was created
by the Drug-Free Communities Act of 1997 (Public Law 105-20) and has two goals:
1. Establish and strengthen collaboration among communities, public and private
non-profit agencies; as well as federal, state, local, and tribal governments to
support the efforts of community coalitions working to prevent and reduce
substance use among youth. 2. Reduce substance use among youth and, over time,
reduce substance abuse among adults by addressing the factors in a community
that increase the risk of substance abuse and promoting the factors that
minimize the risk of substance abuse. Current closing date isMarch 18, 2016. For
more information, go to http://www.grants.gov/web/grants/
view-opportunity.html?oppId=280572.



 Jobs:



     Safety and Occupational Health Specialist - The US Naval Base, Naval
Facilities Engineering Command is accepting applications for a Safety and
Occupational Health Specialist in Guam. Incumbent will monitor base operation
services, conduct periodic inspections, review written plans and methods of
safety programs, and coordinate with program managers, among other duties.
Position is open until December 21, 2015. For more information, go
tohttps://www.usajobs.gov/GetJob/ViewDetails/424012500.

     Clinical Nurse - The Naval Hospital, Naval Medical Command, is accepting
applications for a Clinical Nurse in Guam. Incumbent will initiate and retrieve
reports of laboratory tests and examinations, prepare patients for surgery,
provide education, assessment, teaching and care of wound for after surgery, and
receive, assess, monitor and documents findings. Position is open untilDecember
22, 2015. For more information, go to
https://www.usajobs.gov/GetJob/ViewDetails/424004700.

     Materials Handler - The Defense Commissary Agency, Department of Defense is
accepting applications for a Materials Handler in Guam. Incumbent will receive
incoming property, equipment and subsistence items, prepare shipping and
inventory documents, document and report overages, shortages and damaged items,
and operate forklifts, pallet jacks to receive, or deliver merchandise, among
other duties. Position is open until December 28, 2015. For more information, go
to https://www.usajobs.gov/GetJob/ViewDetails/423901300.

     Park Ranger - The National Park Services, Department of the Interior is
accepting applications for a Park Ranger in Guam. Incumbent will work in the
park's visitor center and in the field providing a variety of formal
interpretive programs including orientation talks, environmental education
programs, conducted walks, demonstrations, and outreach programs, among other
related duties. Position is open until December 21, 2015. For more information,
go tohttps://www.usajobs.gov/GetJob/ViewDetails/423751000.

     Medical Officer - The Center for Disease Control and Prevention, Department
of Health and Human Services is accepting applications for a Medical Officer in
Guam. Incumbent will provide support, perform non-clinical duties involving
evaluations, apply epidemiological principles, research findings, make
substantive courses of action, and streamline public health processes and
procedures, among other duties. Position is open until March 15, 2016. For more
information, go to https://www.usajobs.gov/GetJob/ViewDetails/420979600.

     Water Treatment Plant Operator - The Naval Facilities Engineering Command,
Department of the Navy is accepting applications for a Water Treatment Plant
Operator in Guam. Incumbent will maintain waterworks system, record pressure
gauge indicators, adjust water chemicals, ensure adequate supply of chlorine and
other chemicals, monitor operation of plant equipment, and adhere to safety and
security. Position is open until December 21, 2015. For more information, go to
https://www.usajobs.gov/GetJob/ViewDetails/424363300.



 Highlights in the Legislative Program



 THIS WEEK:



 On the floor



     H.R.2029 - Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2016 (Passed, 316-113 ) / Tax
Extenders (Passed, 318-109)



     H.R.3654 - Tracking Foreign Fighters in Terrorist Safe Havens Act (Passed,
423-0)



     H.R.2820 - Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Reauthorization Act of 2015
(Concurred in the Senate amendment, 421-0)



     H.R.4246 - National Guard and Reservist Debt Relief Extension Act of 2015
(Passed, 419-1)



     S.1090 - Emergency Information Improvement Act of 2015 (Passed, 420-1)



     H.R.3654 - Combat Terrorist Use of Social Media Act of 2015 (Agreed to by
voice vote)



     H.R.2297 - Hezbollah International Financing Prevention Act of 2015
(Concurred in the Senate amendments, 425-0)



     H.R.3750 - First Responders Passport Act of 2015 (Passed, 421-2)



     H.R.3878 - Strengthening Cybersecurity Information Sharing and Coordination
in Our Ports Act of 2015 (Agreed to by voice vote)



 NEXT WEEK:



 On the floor



 The House is in recess for the District Work Period.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              747 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 25, 2016 Tuesday

North Carolina: Updated Information for Hurricane Matthew Recovery Efforts

LENGTH: 743  words

DATELINE: New York



 Dare: Dare County of North Carolina has issued the following news release:





  FEMA ASSISTANCE AVAILABLE FOR THOSE WHO SUFFERED DAMAGE - APPLY NOW
Homeowners, renters and business owners in Dare County who suffered damage
during Hurricane Matthew are urged to register with the Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA), as they may be eligible for disaster assistance.
Assistance may include grants for temporary housing, rental assistance and home
repairs, and for other serious disaster-related needs, such as repairing or
replacing damaged or destroyed personal property, and medical and dental
expenses. You may register for assistance online or by phone- visit
https://www.disasterassistance.gov/ or call 1-800-621-3362 or TTY 800-462-7585.
Information regarding availability of local disaster recovery centers will be
provided as details are received.





 STORM DEBRIS REMOVAL TO BEGIN FRIDAY IN HATTERAS VILLAGE Limited storm debris
removal will begin in Hatteras Village on Friday, October 21. Debris removal
services will increase next week when additional resources from the debris
removal contractors arrive. Updated information regarding the schedule will be
provided as more details are available. All storm generated debris should be
placed on a state maintained road in the public right of way and separated as
follows:



 VEGETATIVE DEBRIS (whole trees, tree stumps, tree branches, tree trunks and
other leafy material)



 CONSTRUCTION AND DEMOLITION DEBRIS (damaged components of buildings and
structures such lumber and wood, wall board, glass, metal, roofing materials,
tile, furnishings, and fixtures)



 HOUSEHOLD HAZARDOUS WASTE (materials that are ignitable, reactive, toxic or
corrosive such as paints, cleaners, pesticides, etc.)



 WHITE GOODS (refrigerators, freezers, air conditioners, heat pumps, ovens,
ranges, washing machines, clothes dryers and water heaters)



 ELECTRONIC WASTE (computers, televisions, office electronic equipment, etc.)
Only loose debris will be collected, bagged debris should not be placed on the
public right-of- way.



 MONETARY DONATIONS STILL NEEDED Dare County (as a governmental entity) is no
longer accepting donations of material goods; however, the need remains for
monetary assistance to help individuals with immediate needs. The Outer Banks
Community Foundation is working closely with Interfaith Community Outreach and
the Department of Health & Human Services to provide financial assistance to
those with emergency needs. Donations can be made online at www.obxdisaster.org,
or mailed to the Outer Banks Community Foundation at 13 Skyline Road, Southern
Shores, NC 27949. Please write "Disaster Relief" in the check memo line.



 REPLACEMENT FOOD AND NUTRITION BENEFITS EXTENDED TO OCTOBER 28 Dare County Food
and Nutrition Services beneficiaries experiencing food loss should report the
loss to the Dare County Department of Health & Human Services' Social Services
Division by Friday, October 28 to determine if they qualify for replacement
benefits. Please call the Manteo Campus at 252.475.5500 or Frisco Campus at
252.475.9320. Beneficiaries unable to contact their local County Department of
Social Services may call the Electronic Benefits Call Center at 1-866-719-0141
to report food loss.



 Tetanus Clinics on Hatteras Island



 The Dare County Department of Health & Human Services is providing guidance
about tetanus vaccination for those who are involved in Hurricane Matthew
recovery efforts or have been exposed to flood waters.



 Those with minor wounds should receive a tetanus booster if it has been more
than 10 years since their last booster or if they cannot remember when they
received their last booster.



 If there is a larger wound or dirty wound present, those injured should seek
medical attention and receive a tetanus booster if it has been more than 5 years
since the last vaccination.



 Tetanus vaccinations will be available at the Dare County Department of Health
& Human Services' Frisco Campus Location on:

 -Tuesday, October 25, 2016

 -Thursday, October 27, 2016



 Shots will be offered during normal office hours which are 9:30 AM to 11:30 AM
and 1:00 PM to 3:00 PM



 Other Dare County residents can get vaccines at the Dare County Department of
Health & Human Services' Public Health Division Campus in Manteo and most other
local healthcare providers.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              748 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 25, 2016 Tuesday

North Carolina: Updated Information for Hurricane Matthew Recovery Efforts

LENGTH: 743  words

DATELINE: New York



 Dare: Dare County of North Carolina has issued the following news release:





  FEMA ASSISTANCE AVAILABLE FOR THOSE WHO SUFFERED DAMAGE - APPLY NOW
Homeowners, renters and business owners in Dare County who suffered damage
during Hurricane Matthew are urged to register with the Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA), as they may be eligible for disaster assistance.
Assistance may include grants for temporary housing, rental assistance and home
repairs, and for other serious disaster-related needs, such as repairing or
replacing damaged or destroyed personal property, and medical and dental
expenses. You may register for assistance online or by phone- visit
https://www.disasterassistance.gov/ or call 1-800-621-3362 or TTY 800-462-7585.
Information regarding availability of local disaster recovery centers will be
provided as details are received.





 STORM DEBRIS REMOVAL TO BEGIN FRIDAY IN HATTERAS VILLAGE Limited storm debris
removal will begin in Hatteras Village on Friday, October 21. Debris removal
services will increase next week when additional resources from the debris
removal contractors arrive. Updated information regarding the schedule will be
provided as more details are available. All storm generated debris should be
placed on a state maintained road in the public right of way and separated as
follows:



 VEGETATIVE DEBRIS (whole trees, tree stumps, tree branches, tree trunks and
other leafy material)



 CONSTRUCTION AND DEMOLITION DEBRIS (damaged components of buildings and
structures such lumber and wood, wall board, glass, metal, roofing materials,
tile, furnishings, and fixtures)



 HOUSEHOLD HAZARDOUS WASTE (materials that are ignitable, reactive, toxic or
corrosive such as paints, cleaners, pesticides, etc.)



 WHITE GOODS (refrigerators, freezers, air conditioners, heat pumps, ovens,
ranges, washing machines, clothes dryers and water heaters)



 ELECTRONIC WASTE (computers, televisions, office electronic equipment, etc.)
Only loose debris will be collected, bagged debris should not be placed on the
public right-of- way.



 MONETARY DONATIONS STILL NEEDED Dare County (as a governmental entity) is no
longer accepting donations of material goods; however, the need remains for
monetary assistance to help individuals with immediate needs. The Outer Banks
Community Foundation is working closely with Interfaith Community Outreach and
the Department of Health & Human Services to provide financial assistance to
those with emergency needs. Donations can be made online at www.obxdisaster.org,
or mailed to the Outer Banks Community Foundation at 13 Skyline Road, Southern
Shores, NC 27949. Please write "Disaster Relief" in the check memo line.



 REPLACEMENT FOOD AND NUTRITION BENEFITS EXTENDED TO OCTOBER 28 Dare County Food
and Nutrition Services beneficiaries experiencing food loss should report the
loss to the Dare County Department of Health & Human Services' Social Services
Division by Friday, October 28 to determine if they qualify for replacement
benefits. Please call the Manteo Campus at 252.475.5500 or Frisco Campus at
252.475.9320. Beneficiaries unable to contact their local County Department of
Social Services may call the Electronic Benefits Call Center at 1-866-719-0141
to report food loss.



 Tetanus Clinics on Hatteras Island



 The Dare County Department of Health & Human Services is providing guidance
about tetanus vaccination for those who are involved in Hurricane Matthew
recovery efforts or have been exposed to flood waters.



 Those with minor wounds should receive a tetanus booster if it has been more
than 10 years since their last booster or if they cannot remember when they
received their last booster.



 If there is a larger wound or dirty wound present, those injured should seek
medical attention and receive a tetanus booster if it has been more than 5 years
since the last vaccination.



 Tetanus vaccinations will be available at the Dare County Department of Health
& Human Services' Frisco Campus Location on:

 -Tuesday, October 25, 2016

 -Thursday, October 27, 2016



 Shots will be offered during normal office hours which are 9:30 AM to 11:30 AM
and 1:00 PM to 3:00 PM



 Other Dare County residents can get vaccines at the Dare County Department of
Health & Human Services' Public Health Division Campus in Manteo and most other
local healthcare providers.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              749 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 29, 2016 Monday

Washington: THIS WEEK IN CONGRESS - August 26, 2016

LENGTH: 800  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Gregorio Kilili Camacho Sablan has issued the
following news release:



 Public input wanted on proposed Rota national park.



 The National Park Service is inviting the public to share ideas and information
about a potential national park on Rota. Park Superintendent Jim Richardson
expressed this week that he wants to get as many viewpoints on the proposed park
as possible prior to formal meetings beginning early next year. Over the next
few weeks, archaeologists Dr. Jolie Liston and Dr. Judy Amesbury with
Micronesian Archaeological Research Services will be on Rota looking at cultural
sites that could be part of the park. Their work is part of the special resource
study of prehistoric and historic resources and limestone forest sites on Rota
that I was able to authorize in U.S. Public Law 113-291. The study will
determine whether a national park site could be appropriate on Rota. The Park
Service will then transmit that recommendation to Congress for action. Contact
Superintendent Richardson at jim_richardson@nps.govto be added to the study
mailing list to stay updated.Dr. Miura wins presidential teacher award.





 Dr. Dora Borja Miura, an Algebra and Geometry teacher at Saipan Southern High
School and the 2016 CNMI State Teacher of the Year, has been selected for a
Presidential Award for Excellence in Mathematics and Science Teaching by the
National Science Foundation. Dr. Miura will receive a citation signed by
President Obama, a $10,000 award from the National Science Foundation, and a
trip to Washington D.C. next month to attend a series of recognition events and
professional development opportunities. The Presidential Award is the highest
recognition that a K-12 mathematics or science teacher may receive for
outstanding teaching in the United States. Congratulations to Dr. Miura for such
a remarkable achievement!The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, Veterans
Benefits Administration will hold an outreach event to help Northern Marianas
veterans and their family members with benefits claims on Wednesday, August 31,
2016, from 9am to 3pm at the VA Outreach Clinic, Marina Heights II Building,
Suite 206 in Garapan, Saipan. Walk-ins are welcome. VBA representatives Mr. Eric
Gaskins and Chris Duenas will be available to answer questions and receive
claims. For more information, contact Mr. Duenas at (671) 648-0090 or Ms. Ruth
Coleman at (670) 322-0035.The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency awarded $2.4
million to the CNMI Bureau of Environmental and Coastal Quality (BECQ) to
support programs that protect public health and the environment. The funds will
be used for ongoing efforts that include: cleaning up watersheds and
contaminated areas; ensuring safe, reliable drinking water and clean coastal
waters; protecting coral reefs from runoff and sedimentation; enforcing rules
for pesticide use and importation; preventing leaks from fuel storage tanks;
conducting radon assessments in selected residential and institutional
buildings; implementing pollution prevention, emergency response, hazardous
waste, and clean air programs; and improving environmental data.
Congratulations, BECQ!

 Governor's Office gets $377K for buildup assistance.



 The Office of the Governor will receive a $376,937 grant from the Department of
Defense Office of Economic Adjustment, it was announced this week. The grant
will assist the Commonwealth in responding to the impacts of military buildup
activities proposed for our islands. Funds will pay for a civil/military liaison
office within the Office of the Governor. The office will be staffed by an
executive director who will serve as an advisor to the Governor and by an
assistant proficient in grants management. The money will also be used for
operational expenses and travel.

 Federal Opportunities for/in the Marianas:



 Grants



     Technical assistance for Health Care System and Hospital Preparedness
Related Activities - The goal of this program is to improve collaboration
between the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response and the state
health departments to foster community health resilience and strengthen health
care, public health, and emergency management systems. Closing date is September
23, 2016. For more information, go to http://www.grants.gov/web/grants/
view-opportunity.html?oppId=287904.



 Jobs



     Medical Technologist - The Department of the Navy, Navy Medical Command, is
accepting applications for a Medical Technologist in Guam. Incumbent will
perform routine diagnostic testing, evaluate and monitor the performance of
routine and specialized test procedures, and conduct quality control. Position
is open until September 7, 2016.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              750 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 29, 2016 Monday

Washington: THIS WEEK IN CONGRESS - August 26, 2016

LENGTH: 800  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Gregorio Kilili Camacho Sablan has issued the
following news release:



 Public input wanted on proposed Rota national park.



 The National Park Service is inviting the public to share ideas and information
about a potential national park on Rota. Park Superintendent Jim Richardson
expressed this week that he wants to get as many viewpoints on the proposed park
as possible prior to formal meetings beginning early next year. Over the next
few weeks, archaeologists Dr. Jolie Liston and Dr. Judy Amesbury with
Micronesian Archaeological Research Services will be on Rota looking at cultural
sites that could be part of the park. Their work is part of the special resource
study of prehistoric and historic resources and limestone forest sites on Rota
that I was able to authorize in U.S. Public Law 113-291. The study will
determine whether a national park site could be appropriate on Rota. The Park
Service will then transmit that recommendation to Congress for action. Contact
Superintendent Richardson at jim_richardson@nps.govto be added to the study
mailing list to stay updated.Dr. Miura wins presidential teacher award.





 Dr. Dora Borja Miura, an Algebra and Geometry teacher at Saipan Southern High
School and the 2016 CNMI State Teacher of the Year, has been selected for a
Presidential Award for Excellence in Mathematics and Science Teaching by the
National Science Foundation. Dr. Miura will receive a citation signed by
President Obama, a $10,000 award from the National Science Foundation, and a
trip to Washington D.C. next month to attend a series of recognition events and
professional development opportunities. The Presidential Award is the highest
recognition that a K-12 mathematics or science teacher may receive for
outstanding teaching in the United States. Congratulations to Dr. Miura for such
a remarkable achievement!The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, Veterans
Benefits Administration will hold an outreach event to help Northern Marianas
veterans and their family members with benefits claims on Wednesday, August 31,
2016, from 9am to 3pm at the VA Outreach Clinic, Marina Heights II Building,
Suite 206 in Garapan, Saipan. Walk-ins are welcome. VBA representatives Mr. Eric
Gaskins and Chris Duenas will be available to answer questions and receive
claims. For more information, contact Mr. Duenas at (671) 648-0090 or Ms. Ruth
Coleman at (670) 322-0035.The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency awarded $2.4
million to the CNMI Bureau of Environmental and Coastal Quality (BECQ) to
support programs that protect public health and the environment. The funds will
be used for ongoing efforts that include: cleaning up watersheds and
contaminated areas; ensuring safe, reliable drinking water and clean coastal
waters; protecting coral reefs from runoff and sedimentation; enforcing rules
for pesticide use and importation; preventing leaks from fuel storage tanks;
conducting radon assessments in selected residential and institutional
buildings; implementing pollution prevention, emergency response, hazardous
waste, and clean air programs; and improving environmental data.
Congratulations, BECQ!

 Governor's Office gets $377K for buildup assistance.



 The Office of the Governor will receive a $376,937 grant from the Department of
Defense Office of Economic Adjustment, it was announced this week. The grant
will assist the Commonwealth in responding to the impacts of military buildup
activities proposed for our islands. Funds will pay for a civil/military liaison
office within the Office of the Governor. The office will be staffed by an
executive director who will serve as an advisor to the Governor and by an
assistant proficient in grants management. The money will also be used for
operational expenses and travel.

 Federal Opportunities for/in the Marianas:



 Grants



     Technical assistance for Health Care System and Hospital Preparedness
Related Activities - The goal of this program is to improve collaboration
between the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response and the state
health departments to foster community health resilience and strengthen health
care, public health, and emergency management systems. Closing date is September
23, 2016. For more information, go to http://www.grants.gov/web/grants/
view-opportunity.html?oppId=287904.



 Jobs



     Medical Technologist - The Department of the Navy, Navy Medical Command, is
accepting applications for a Medical Technologist in Guam. Incumbent will
perform routine diagnostic testing, evaluate and monitor the performance of
routine and specialized test procedures, and conduct quality control. Position
is open until September 7, 2016.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              751 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Bluefield Daily Telegraph (West Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 21, 2013 Thursday

Rahall presses relief from flooding for city of Princeton

BYLINE: Charles Owens, Bluefield Daily Telegraph, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 624 words


Feb. 21--PRINCETON -- The ban on federal earmarks in Washington is impacting the
ability of lawmakers to help correct chronic flooding along Stafford Drive in
Princeton, according to U.S. Rep. Nick Rahall, D-W.Va.

"In West Virginia, we are all too familiar with the destructive power of
excessive rain, and I assure you that I want to be helpful as the city of
Princeton works to alleviate this problem," Rahall said in a letter to the Daily
Telegraph. "However, with the moratorium on earmarks by the Republican majority
in the House of Representatives, a move that I oppose because it prevents
members of Congress from interceding in budgetary matters in behalf of their
constituents and directing federal funding to specific projects in their home
states, the responsibility for many spending decisions now falls to executive
branch officials at the state and federal levels."

Despite the federal earmark ban, Rahall said he is asking a number of state and
federal officials to help the city, including the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers,
the Natural Resources Conservation Services, the West Virginia Conservation
Agency and the West Virginia Office of Emergency Services.

"I have also contacted Princeton officials and recommended their contacting the
Federal Emergency Management Agency, which provides funding to eligible states,
tribes and territories through the Hazard Mitigation Grant Program for
pre-and-post disaster mitigation projects that reduce the risk of loss of life
and property due to natural hazards," Rahall said. "In our state, the West
Virginia Office of Emergency Services receives those funds and then, in turn,
grants them to local governments and communities."

Amy Shuler Goodwin, a spokeswoman for Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin, said the state is
still looking for solutions to help the city of Princeton.

"Gov. Tomblin knows how important it is to find a resolution to this issue, and
he has asked the secretary of the Department of Environmental Protection and the
commissioner of the Division of Highways to determine whether this project is
eligible for other state or federal programs that could possibly fund the needed
repairs," Goodwin said.

The Hugh I. Shott Jr. Foundation awarded the city $250,000 in matching funds
last month to assist with the Stafford Drive flood-control project. That's half
of the estimated $500,000 needed to complete the emergency flood control
project. City officials are now actively seeking help from state and federal
officials, including Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin, with the remaining matching funds.
Five prior grant applications filed by the city for emergency funding assistance
have been denied.

Rahall said he has asked Princeton officials to let him know if they plan to
submit additional funding applications so that he "may convey my strong interest
on behalf of the city."

High water on the street has been an issue for motorists, residents of Princeton
and Lazenby avenues as well as for the Mercer County Senior Center on Trent
Street for years. Officials with the senior center often have had to resort to
putting sandbags at their doors during storms to prevent water from seeping into
their lobby.

Tragedy was narrowly averted last month when an SUV carrying a woman and a child
was submerged under water in Princeton near the Grant's Supermarket at the
Athens Crossroads. Heavy rain had swollen the creek running alongside the
supermarket parking lot at the Athens Crossroads when the SUV suddenly went into
the water. A child and woman were rescued from the vehicle.

-- Contact Charles Owens at cowens@bdtonline.com

___ (c)2013 the Bluefield Daily Telegraph (Bluefield, W.Va.) Visit the Bluefield
Daily Telegraph (Bluefield, W.Va.) at bdtonline.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130221-WF-Rahall-presses-relief-from-flooding-for-city-of-Princeton-0221-20130
221

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WF


                    Copyright 2013 Bluefield Daily Telegraph


                              752 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                            August 8, 2012 Wednesday

Pak envoy opens drinking water projects in Sri Lanka

SECTION: Vol. XXXVI No. 220

LENGTH: 377  words


High Commissioner of Pakistan in Sri Lanka Seema Ilahi Baloch and Governor
Eastern Province of Sri Lanka, Mohan Wijewickrama, inaugurated three clean
drinking water projects for the Muslim community in the Eastern Province of Sri
Lanka.

These Projects are fully funded and gifted by the government of Pakistan to
Rotawewa, Awweinagar and Track 6 Village of the Morawava DS Division, says a
press release received here Tuesday from Colombo.

The Rotawewa village is inhabited by the resettled muslim families, whereas
Track-6 houses Buddhist Sinhalese families, while, Awweinagar is a Tamil
resettlement in district Morawava.

In order to understand the needs of local communities in the selected areas a
rapid assessment was conducted by the High Commission of Pakistan in Colombo in
liaison with the Governor Eastern Province, Mohan Wijewickrama and the concerned
local government.

The Need Assessment findings presented provision of clean drinking water as a
priority project for the selected communities.

Accordingly, three projects for provision of clean drinking water were finalized
with the assistance of Divisional Secretariat Moraweva, under the guidance of
the Governor Eastern Province.

The Divisional Secretariat Morawava, implemented these projects with the
assistance of the local communities under the guidance and monitoring of the
Governor Eastern Province and the sponsorship of Pakistan High Commission in
Colombo.

These projects would add to various projects from the Government and people of
Pakistan for their Sri Lankan brethren in health, education and livelihood
sectors.

These projects includes construction of the district Hospital Akurana;
construction of a 3 storied state of the art school in Gampaha District,
equipping science laboratories in schools, 30 computer centers and 6 stitching
centers, providing ambulances to hospitals, annual awards of Jinnah Scholarships
to students for continuation of education, and the annual awards of long-term
scholarships for study of medicine, engineering, dentistry and pharmacy in
Pakistan.

Since 1948, Pakistan and Sri Lanka have consistently maintained close, cordial
and mutually supportive relationship. Both countries have made impressive
efforts to preserve and build on these solid foundations.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              753 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Gloucester Daily Times (Massachusetts)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 25, 2016 Friday

New manual outlines steps for fishermen, communities to take in crisis

BYLINE: Sean Horgan, Gloucester Daily Times, Mass.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 741 words


March 25--The concept first began to crystallize in Angela Sanfilippo's mind
about four years ago, when the president of the Gloucester Fishermen's Wives
Association realized she needed to start putting some things down on paper.

Sanfilippo, both in her roles with fishing-based community groups and her own
experience as a wife, daughter and sister of fishermen, had helped develop a
series of protocols to help fishermen avoid calamities on the water and help the
Gloucester fishing community deal with fishing tragedies when they occur.

"I just thought that we should start putting these things in writing because
we're not going to be around forever," Sanfilippo said.

Thus was born the idea that burst into reality Thursday when the Fishing
Partnership Support Services unveiled its RESCUES manual in an event at the U.S.
Coast Guard's Station Gloucester.

The title of the manual, assembled with assistance from staffers at the
Massachusetts Institute of Technology's Sea Grant College program and Harvard
University's T.H. Chan School of Public Health, is an acronym for "Responding to
Emergencies at Sea and to Communities Under Extreme Stress."

The manual is free and available to all fishermen, fishing families and
community organizers anywhere, either in printed form or as a downloadable file
on the websites of the Fishing Partnership, Harvard's School of Public Health
and MIT's Sea Grant College Program.

It includes five chapters and eight appendices that deal with everything from
what fishermen should do even before leaving the dock to how communities can
best generate long-term plans for outreach and counseling once a tragedy occurs.

"Some very hard-working people have achieved a very meaningful milestone with
this manual," said Capt. Claudia C. Gelzer, the Coast Guard commander of Sector
Boston and the captain of the Port of Boston. "It provides the best possible
support to the community at the worst possible time. This will make a fisherman
who reads it far better prepared for emergencies at sea."

The manual, funded by the Fishing Partnership with some in-kind contributions
from its academic partners, provides step-by-step approaches for preparing for
emergencies and training guidelines for dealing with the aftermath of the
sea-going tragedies.

"In the heat of a crisis, we all revert back to our training," Gelzer said.
"That's why this safety manual is so important."

It takes the reader from integrated preparedness at the dock through potential
dangers on the water. It touches on how best to contact the Coast Guard and
community first-responders in emergencies and the information families should
have at the ready when they speak with them.

It breaks down the process for events that come after a loss is confirmed,
including notification of next of kin, recovery of remains and insurance and
legal matters, before delving into outreach and counseling.

"Grief is not just for the families," said Madeleine Hall-Arber of MIT's Sea
Grant College Program. "It's also for the community. It just spirals out."

Sanfilippo said the Fishing Partnership plans to circulate the manual as far and
wide among as many Massachusetts fishing communities as possible and may not
stop there.

"We'd like to bring it to fishing communities all around the country," she said
at the event, which drew representatives from the Gloucester Police and Fire
departments, Harbormaster Jim Caulkett, Coast Guard personnel, local fishermen
and city officials such as Mayor Sefatia Romeo Theken and City Councilor James
W. O'Hara Jr.

J.J. Bartlett, executive director of the Fishing Partnership, said the manual is
yet another reflection of the dangers that await fishermen on the water every
day and an answer to a "broken and fragmented support system for fishing
families."

Long-time Gloucester fisherman Al Cottone, who also serves on the city's Fishing
Commission, said the manual should become an indispensable resource for
fishermen and their families.

"The first lesson you learn is you're only as good as the tools that you have at
hand," Cottone said. "If this prevents one injury or one fatality, then the time
and effort that went into it will be well spent."

Contact Sean Horgan at 978-675-2714, or shorgan@gloucestertimes.com Follow him
on Twitter at @SeanGDT.

___ (c)2016 the Gloucester Daily Times (Gloucester, Mass.) Visit the Gloucester
Daily Times (Gloucester, Mass.) at www.gloucestertimes.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160325-GS-New-manual-outlines-steps-for-fishermen-communities
-to-take-in-crisis-0325-20160325

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GS


                     Copyright 2016 Gloucester Daily Times


                              754 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            August 9, 2012 Thursday

Pakistan: Pakistan reaches out to Sri Lanka's Eastern Province with Clean
Drinking Water Supply Projects

LENGTH: 426 words

DATELINE: Colombo


Colombo, Aug. 9 -- Seema Ilahi Baloch, Pakistani High Commissioner in Sri Lanka
along with Mohan Wijewickrama Governor Eastern Province of Sri Lanka, Tuesday,
inaugurated three Clean Drinking Water Projects for Muslim, Sinhalese and Tamil
communities in Morawava District.

These Projects are fully funded and gifted by the Government of Pakistan to
Rotawewa, Awweinagar and Track 6 Village of the Morawava DS Division. These
projects were handed over to the respective communities subsequent to the
inauguration.

The Rotawewa village is inhabited by the resettled Muslim families, whereas
Track-6 houses Buddhist Sinhalese families, while, Awweinagar is a Tamil
resettlement in district Morawava.

In order to understand the needs of local communities in the selected areas a
rapid assessment was conducted by the High Commission of Pakistan in Colombo in
liaison with the Governor Eastern Province, Hon Mohan Wijewickrama and the
concerned local government.

The Need Assessment findings presented provision of clean drinking water as a
priority project for the selected communities. Accordingly, three projects for
provision of clean drinking water were finalized with the assistance of
Divisional Secretariat Moraweva, under the guidance of the Hon Governor Eastern
Province.

The Divisional Secretariat Morawava, implemented these projects with the
assistance of the local communities under the guidance and monitoring of the
honorable Governor Eastern Province and the sponsorship of Pakistan High
Commission in Colombo.

These projects would add to various projects from the Government and people of
Pakistan for their Sri Lankan brethren in health, education and livelihood
sectors.

These projects includes construction of the district Hospital Akurana;
construction of a 3 storied state of the art school in Gampaha District,
equipping science laboratories in schools, 30 computer centers and 6 stitching
centers, providing ambulances to hospitals, annual awards of Jinnah Scholarships
to students for continuation of education, and the annual awards of long-term
scholarships for study of medicine, engineering,dentistry and pharmacy in
Pakistan.

Since 1948, Pakistan and Sri Lanka have consistently maintained close, cordial
and mutually supportive relationship. Both countries have made impressive
efforts to preserve and build on these solid foundations Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              755 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                The Jordan Times

                            November 3, 2013 Sunday

Japan grants Jordan $10.2 million to support host communities

LENGTH: 261  words


AMMAN - The Japanese embassy in Jordan and the Planning Ministry on Sunday
signed a memorandum of understanding under which Japan is to provide an
emergency grant of $10.2 million to the Kingdom.

The $10.2 million is part of a recently announced emergency aid grant of $60
million for relief efforts in Syria and the region, an embassy statement said.

Jordan's share of the grant will be used for the purchase of municipal equipment
needed to improve water supply, wastewater management and solid waste management
in the targeted governorates, to "reduce the burdens shouldered by the Syrian
refugee host communities".

As for UN activities in Jordan, $2.4 million was allocated for UNHCR Jordan,
$1.6 million for WFP Jordan, and $1 million for UNICEF, the statement said.

Planning Minister Ibrahim Saif and Japanese Ambassador to Jordan Junichi Kosuge
signed the memo.

Thanking Japan for its constant support for the Kingdom, Saif said the grant
will be utilised in cooperation with the Ministry of Municipal Affairs, the
Jordan News Agency, Petra, reported.

"I hope this grant will be used promptly and effectively to mitigate the impact
of Syrian refugees on host communities and ease their increasing burdens," the
statement quoted Kosuge as saying.

"Understanding the impact of the large influx of Syrian refugees on Jordan's
economy and in appreciation" of its efforts to serve the Syrian refugees despite
its limited resources, the Japanese government extended two soft loans to the
Kingdom in 2012 and 2013 at a total value of $240 million, the embassy statement
said.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 62


                        Copyright 2013 The Jordan Times.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              756 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           January 24, 2009 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITION

MAJOR STIMULUS RECIPIENTS

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 198 words


How much Wisconsin stands to receive in federal stimulus dollars under portions
of the House bill, and where the money would go

Fund Amount

State fiscal stabilization fund $1.162 billion

Medicaid $1.093 billion

Title I (Education) $180.7 million

Individuals with Disabilities Act $231.7 million

Educational Technology State Grants $13.7 million

Education, modernization, renovation and repair $317.2 million

Pell Grants $312.6 million

Head Start $10 million

Child care and development block grant $30.5 million

Employment and training $10 million

Community services block grant $12.2 million

Low-income home energy assistance $34.7 million

Elderly nutrition services $4 million

Preventive health and health services block grant $6.2 million

Highways and bridges $563.8 million

Transit capital grants $72.7 million

Fixed guideway modernization $1.8 million

Clean water state revolving fund $156.9 million

Supplemental Security Income $54.8 million

Emergency shelter grant program $27.3 million

Byrne-Jag grants $44.6 million

TOTAL $4.341 billion

Total may not calculate precisely due to rounding.

SOURCE: House Appropriations and Transportation and Infrastructure Committees;
Center on Budget and Policy Priorities

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              757 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 7, 2017 Tuesday

Washington: Garamendi Meets with Levee Stakeholders, Local Farmers, and Tours
Emergency Levee Repairs

LENGTH: 729  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP John Garamendi has issued the following news
release:



 Over the course of five meetings on March 3rd, Congressman John Garamendi
(D-Yuba City, Fairfield, Davis, CA) met with a number of local leaders and
farmers focused on the Oroville Dam spillway crisis, its impact on farmers, job
training programs, and affordable housing.





 "We came close to absolute catastrophe during the Oroville Dam spillway
failure. Even though the worst case scenario didn't materialize, it left local
governments and farmers out a lot of money and seriously damaged levees and
other essential water systems. Today's briefings will help me be the best
advocate possible for the Yuba-Sutter region as we rebuild and seek federal
relief," Congressman Garamendi said.



 At the first meeting, he learned about services provided by Habitat for
Humanity in the Yuba-Sutter area. At the second meeting, he was briefed on grant
opportunities for job placement programs in Yuba and Sutter counties. There is
concern that federal job training grants will be drastically cut under the
Administration's proposed budget, and many private foundations don't issue
grants to communities north of Sacramento. Garamendi reiterated his willingness
to support worthy projects with letters and engage with federal agencies
responsible for approving grants.



 At the next meeting, several regional leaders discussed the aftermath of the
Oroville Dam spillway failure and next steps for the recovery and repair of the
Dam and levees. They noted that there was a big difference in community reaction
between the Oroville Dam spillway breach evacuation and evacuations in the past.
Social media helped spread news of the mandatory evacuation immediately, leading
to far more vehicles fleeing all at once. This posed the obvious challenge of
how to efficiently direct cars outside of the evacuation zone, but it was also a
positive sign because the existing alert systems were effective in disseminating
information.



 The local agencies were appreciative of the California Office of Emergency
Services' and Department of Water Resources' quick response to the Oroville Dam
crisis during the emergency. They discussed the possibility of federal funding
to upgrade levees and address soil erosion. The agencies also discussed the
possibility of support from FEMA to rebuild levees, roads, and other public
works. The Congressman urged them to tabulate the precise cost associated with
the evacuation for purposes of seeking reimbursements from federal and state
government agencies, including the impact on emergency services, infrastructure,
small businesses, and schools.



 The Congressman then met with Yuba-Sutter farmers at the Yuba-Sutter Farm
Bureau. Yuba County Assistant Agricultural Commissioner Todd Quist, Sutter
County Agricultural Commissioner Lisa Herbert, a representative from UC
Cooperative Extension, and USDA's Farm Service Agency were in attendance. Some
farmers lost orchards and suffered landslides because of high water levels that
resulted from the spillway failure. Garamendi urged them to keep meticulous note
of all their losses, as they might be eligible for a low interest loan or grant,
and it will be relevant information for any possible legal claims.
Representatives from the Farm Service Agency and Yuba-Sutter Agricultural
Commissioners offices also recommended that any farmers with crop loss or damage
file a report with their office as soon as possible to help determine what
resources are available.



 Garamendi also received an update on the state of levees from the Sutter Butte
Flood Control Agency, the Marysville Levee District, and Reclamation Districts
10, 784 and 1001. The discussion focused on whether the necessary repairs in the
3rd District would be eligible for federal assistance from the Army Corps of
Engineers or FEMA Disaster Relief funds. There is significant damage to the
levees in the Sacramento Valley basin and thorough assessments cannot be
conducted until late May or June when the waters recede.



 Garamendi ended his day touring the site of recent repair work by DWR and the
Army Corps of Engineers at the confluence of the Feather River, Sacramento
River, the Sutter Bypass, and the Natomas Cross Canal. The project was a series
of four emergency seepage berms put in place to stabilize the levees and was
completed February 27th.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              758 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            August 25, 1992, Tuesday

Low-interest loans, cash advances available under federal disaster plan

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Section A; Page 4

LENGTH: 409 words


Questions and answers about the Hurricane Andrew "disaster area" designated
Monday by President Bush:

Q: What does it mean when an area is designated a "major federal disaster area?"

A: "Major disaster" designation allows the use of federal personnel, equipment,
supplies, facilities and money to help individuals, businesses and local
government agencies respond to a calamity.

Q: How is a federal disaster declared?

A: If a governor determines that recovery will be beyond the resources of state
and local governments, then the governor - and only the governor - must request
federal assistance. The request is assessed by officials of the Federal
Emergency Management Agency and passed on to the president. Only the president
can declare a major disaster. The president may also declare a limited federal
emergency without a request from the governor and with less formal assessment.

Q: What assistance is available to individuals or businesses?

A: Low-interest loans and cash advances for property damage; business loans for
working capital; unemployment assistance for disaster- related job losses;
grants up to $ 11,500 for an individual or family to meet serious
disaster-related expenses; home repair loans; and rental payments. Various
income-related restrictions may apply to different assistance programs.

Q: What assistance is available to local governments?

A: Grants to restore public schools; money to repair federal highways;
reimbursement of at least 75 percent of the cost of removing debris, emergency
police, fire and rescue services, and the repair or replacement of damaged
public property.

Q: What about federal flood insurance?

A: Federal flood insurance is available in communities that meet federal flood
plain management requirements. Policies are sold by licensed insurance agents
and claims are paid from policy reserves. A $ 1 billion reserve is also provided
by the U.S. Treasury.

Florida has the most federal flood insurance policies: more than 966,000. Claims
are paid regardless of whether an area has been declared as a presidential
emergency or major disaster area.

Flood insurance covers damages up to $ 185,000 for single-family houses and $
60,000 for contents. People with flood insurance claims should contact their
insurance agents.

Q: How can people apply for assistance?

A: Temporary federal assistance offices are expected to be established in
several Florida cities in the next few days.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH922410129

GRAPHIC: Photo: An unidentified woman stands by helplessly Monday as her
houseboat sinks into the New River in Fort Lauderdale, Fla., after Hurricane
Andrew rampaged through the area. /Knight-Ridder/Tribune Photo: Harold Wilkins,
69, stands Monday in a puddle of water where his trailer stood before Hurricane
Andrew swept through. /Knight- Ridder/Tribune

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                              759 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                   November 9, 2002 Saturday Michigan Edition
                              Correction Appended

Area Briefs

BYLINE: Staff Reports

SECTION: NATION; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 894 words



NILES

Fire department will get new safety gear

 Niles Township Fire Department firefighters will soon have some new safety
gear, thanks to a $10,062 grant from the Federal Emergency Management Agency's
Assistance to Firefighters Program.

The department will chip in about $1,000 for the new equipment, Fire Chief John
LaMore said.

Most of the funding will be used to purchase 30 pass alarms, which are
motion-sensitive alarms worn by firefighters out in the field. If a firefighter
is motionless for more than 30 seconds, a high-pitched alarm will sound to
signal he or she is in trouble.

LaMore says his department has had instances where the alarms would have helped.

"We had a firefighter twist his ankle and break it, and the only way we knew he
was down was he was spraying water straight up in the air," LaMore said.

The rest of the grant will go toward upgrading the department's 14 reserve air
tanks to ones certified by the National Fire Protection Association.

LaMore's department was one of 14 in Michigan to receive a total of $571,805 in
aid through the FEMA program this year, according to U.S. Sens. Carl Levin, and
Debbie Stabenow, both Michigan Democrats. More than 5,000 departments nationwide
also expect FEMA funding.

Hope Community to launch new church

 Hope Community Church is breaking ground Sunday for its new church.

The church community is conducting ceremonies at 3 p.m. for the new building.

For more information, contact the church at (269) 684-2770.

BENTON HARBOR

Part of Interstate 94 closed for road work

 Motorists might want to avoid traveling this morning on westbound Interstate
94, between the U.S. 31 Business Route and Napier Avenue.

Julie Martin, communications representative for the Michigan Department of
Transportation, said the highway segment will be limited to one lane of traffic
from 8 to 11 a.m. Also during those hours, westbound traffic will be stopped for
an estimated five to 15 minutes to allow installation of an overhead truss.

The work is weather-dependent, Martin said.

Berrien Democrats choosing leadership

 The Berrien County Democratic Party will choose new officers next week,
Chairwoman Vickie Wagner said Friday.

The organization will meet at 7 p.m. Thursday at the UAW Hall, 1575 Territorial
Road, Benton Harbor.

For more information, call Wagner at (269) 756-9812 or Jackie O'Brien at (269)
925-8905.

SOUTH BEND

Four arrested in raid of suspect drug house

 When area police raided a suspected drug house in the 2000 block of Kenwood
Avenue on Thursday morning, police reported they saw one of the suspects put
crack cocaine into the pocket of a 3-year-old girl.

Police found a half-ounce of suspected crack cocaine, with a street value of
$2,000, police said. They recovered a semiautomatic pistol and a revolver from
the home. Police also found drug packaging materials and a small amount of cash.

A 21-year-old woman occupant of the home, her 28-year-old sister, a 23-year-old
man and a 28-year-old man were arrested at the scene. They await formal charges.

Heartland cancels Chippendales dancers

 Hollywood's Hottest Hunks will not be at Heartland this evening.

The downtown nightclub has canceled the Chippendales show planned for tonight.

Ann-Carol Nash, assistant city attorney, said she was told of the cancellation
Friday by an attorney for Heartland.

Nash had sent a letter to Heartland warning that the show, featuring male
strippers, could violate the city's adult business ordinance. The ordinance bans
adult entertainment within 500 feet of property used or zoned residential.
Heartland is across the street from Robertson's Apartments.

Ala Carte Entertainment, Heartland's parent company, canceled the show rather
than face legal sanctions, Nash said. Ala Carte told her it didn't want to upset
the city.

Scott Rieder, manager of Heartland, said anyone who bought tickets in advance
will be given a refund.

He said the nightclub has booked a disc jockey from Chicago to provide music
tonight as a substitute for the Chippendales show.

ELKHART

Murder charge filed in diner owner's death

 More than two years after Anthony James "A.J." Williams of Elkhart was found
dead in his restaurant with his hands bound behind his back, a murder charge was
filed Tuesday in connection with his death.

The Elkhart County Prosecutor's Office filed the murder charge against Blease E.
White Jr., 33, who is currently serving a 45-year sentence on an unrelated
robbery conviction in the Indiana State Prison in Michigan City.

An initial hearing for White has been scheduled for Thursday.

Williams' body was found inside A.J.'s Tip Top Restaurant on West Lexington
Avenue by a waitress and customers the morning of Aug. 2, 2000. The county
coroner determined asphyxiation was the cause of death.

Williams' bound hands, a shattered window on a back door and the restaurant's
empty cash register were among the factors that led police to conclude Williams,
59, was killed during a robbery.

Investigators believe White was involved in the crime, but that he did not act
alone.

Authorities urge anyone who may know something further about the case to contact
Elkhart city police.

White is serving a 45-year sentence after being convicted within the last year
or so of an unrelated Elkhart County robbery.


LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: November 13, 2002

CORRECTION: The Berrien County Democratic Party's next meeting is Nov. 21. Due
to a reporting error, it was incorrectly reported as being this Thursday in the
brief below. The Tribune regrets the error.

                 Copyright 2002 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              760 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Ararat Advertiser & Stawell Times

                              July 3, 2012 Tuesday

Push for reform

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 322 words


JOEL JOEL - Deputy Premier Peter Ryan is pushing for national disaster
assistance reform, in the wake of the decision by the Federal Government to
reject an application on behalf of farmers in the Joel Joel area.

Mr Ryan said under the reforms presented at a national emergency management
meeting convened in Melbourne last Friday, farmers and businesses would get
fairer and more transparent disaster assistance.

The Police and Emergency Services Minister was vocal about the Federal
Government's rejection of funding assistance to farmers in Joel Joel.

The State Government had approved the application for funding under the National
Disaster Relief and Recovery Arrangements, which would have provided farmers
with grants up to $25,000 to assist with their recovery from the December
floods.

At least 100 farms, 64 homes and 16 community assets in the upper Wimmera
catchment area, which covers parts of Northern Grampians and Pyrenees shires,
were affected on December 18 when around 125mm of rain fell in just two hours.

The impact of the event was greater than the January 2011 floods with the rapid
water rise far more devastating.

Council records show that up to 415 properties in the Shire have been affected
by floods more than once since the first major flood in September 2010.

It is estimated farmers are facing damage bills in excess of $100,000, the
majority of which was damage to fences which totalled $2.8 million.

Despite the damage and the support from the State Government, Prime Minister
Julia Gillard announced last week that the grants had not been approved. The
government stated that the December 18 flood 'does not satisfy the thresholds
for Category C support'. That was the only correspondence received by the
Northern Grampians Shire Council.

Mr Ryan said he was not making a formal submission on the issue to the Standing
Council of Police and Emergency Management (SCPEM).

"The current National Disaster Relief and

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2012 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              761 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Ararat Advertiser & Stawell Times

                              July 3, 2012 Tuesday

Push for reform

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 322 words


JOEL JOEL - Deputy Premier Peter Ryan is pushing for national disaster
assistance reform, in the wake of the decision by the Federal Government to
reject an application on behalf of farmers in the Joel Joel area.

Mr Ryan said under the reforms presented at a national emergency management
meeting convened in Melbourne last Friday, farmers and businesses would get
fairer and more transparent disaster assistance.

The Police and Emergency Services Minister was vocal about the Federal
Government's rejection of funding assistance to farmers in Joel Joel.

The State Government had approved the application for funding under the National
Disaster Relief and Recovery Arrangements, which would have provided farmers
with grants up to $25,000 to assist with their recovery from the December
floods.

At least 100 farms, 64 homes and 16 community assets in the upper Wimmera
catchment area, which covers parts of Northern Grampians and Pyrenees shires,
were affected on December 18 when around 125mm of rain fell in just two hours.

The impact of the event was greater than the January 2011 floods with the rapid
water rise far more devastating.

Council records show that up to 415 properties in the Shire have been affected
by floods more than once since the first major flood in September 2010.

It is estimated farmers are facing damage bills in excess of $100,000, the
majority of which was damage to fences which totalled $2.8 million.

Despite the damage and the support from the State Government, Prime Minister
Julia Gillard announced last week that the grants had not been approved. The
government stated that the December 18 flood 'does not satisfy the thresholds
for Category C support'. That was the only correspondence received by the
Northern Grampians Shire Council.

Mr Ryan said he was not making a formal submission on the issue to the Standing
Council of Police and Emergency Management (SCPEM).

"The current National Disaster Relief and

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2012 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              762 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                  Allegany Arc

                                50 Farnum Street
                             Wellsville,  NY 14895
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (585) 593-5700
FAX: (585) 593-5957
URL: www.alleganyarc.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 750

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   The Allegany County Chapter has been providing lifesaving services to our
friends and neighbors in Allegany County since 1917, and we continue to be a
constant and ever-changing part of the community.  We provide disaster
preparedness trainings and presentations to the members of our community to help
them prevent, prepare for, and respond to emergencies.  When a disaster does
strike, we are there to offer immediate assistance in the recovery process.  We
are the premier provider of lifesaving health and safety classes including First
Aid; Infant, Child, and Adult CPR/AED; CPR/AED for the Professional Rescuer;
Lifeguard Training; Water Safety (swimming lessons); Babysitters Training; and a
special class to ensure the safety of young children should they find themselves
home alone, When I'm in Charge (offered free of charge through grants with the
Allegany County United Way and the Youth Bureau of Allegany County). We also
offer individuals the opportunity to become Instructors and Instructor Trainers
for all of the above trainings.  We are one of two organizations collecting
blood in the area, and we strive to educate the community about the importance
and constant need for blood donations.  We offer rental and mortgage assistance
for people who are, or are at risk of being, homeless. This program is offered
through a grant with the Allegany County United Way from FEMA.  We provide
emergency communications for members of the military and their families, and can
help obtain em

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              763 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                           August 20, 2008 Wednesday
                              EAST/VALLEY EDITION

Grant will buy new fire tanker;
$209,000 from federal program

BYLINE: Donna Boynton, TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 521 words

DATELINE: UXBRIDGE


The Fire Department has been awarded a $209,000 federal grant that will allow
the department to purchase a new water tanker with minimal town investment to
replace two aging firetrucks.

The $209,000 grant award from the Department of Homeland Security's Assistance
to Firefighters Grant program was announced last week by U.S. Sens. John F.
Kerry and Edward M. Kennedy, both D-Mass., and U.S. Rep. Richard Neal,
D-Springfield.

"Last year's devastating mill fire reminded us all of the bravery and heroism of
the men and women of the Uxbridge Fire Department," Mr. Kerry said in a
statement. "This funding will help the department to build up its emergency
response capabilities. We all salute these courageous men and women for their
dedication and their service."

Fire Chief Peter Ostroskey said yesterday the grant proposal he submitted was to
purchase a 3,000-gallon water tanker.

Chief Ostroskey said an article will be placed on the fall town meeting warrant
for $11,000 in required matching funds.

"This new truck will have the capacity to meet our needs and the equipment that
we can consolidate onto one truck," said Chief Ostroskey, adding that a
committee of firefighters is working on specifications for the new truck.

The truck will allow the Fire Department to retire two of its older trucks:
Tanker 2, a 1987 GMC chassis with a 1,200-gallon water tank; and Tanker 3, a
1978 Ford chassis with a 3,200-gallon former fuel oil tank.

"These two vehicles have been built by members of the Fire Department, but they
don't meet the design and construction criteria of modern equipment," said Chief
Ostroskey.

Tanker 3 was acquired through the federal excess property program. Tanker 2 was
a former milk truck that was purchased by the firefighters association and had
more than 200,000 miles on it at the time it was purchased.

"In their former lives, they were probably excellent vehicles," said Chief
Ostroskey. "The grant from the federal government improves firefighter safety
and improves service to the community with a dependable vehicle being used for
the purpose it was built for."

Chief Ostroskey added that the grant helps the town purchase a new truck in
difficult economic times, which would otherwise make replacing the two aging
trucks financially difficult.

"The Uxbridge Fire Department is a team of trained professionals who are deeply
committed to the public safety of their community," Mr. Neal said in a
statement. "This federal grant will provide firefighters with the resources they
need to continue to do their important work."

"The men and women of the Uxbridge Fire Department deserve the best in
equipment, and this federal funding will help in the job they do so well," said
Melissa Wagoner, Mr. Kennedy's spokeswoman.

Uxbridge was the only town in Central Massachusetts to receive vehicle funding
in this grant round.

Early awards from this year's Assistance to Firefighters Grant program have
included:

$570,760 for the Fitchburg Fire Department for operations and safety.

$118, 537 for the Marlboro Fire Department for operations and safety.

$59,639 for the Northboro Fire Department for operations and safety.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              764 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    BBC Monitoring Asia Pacific - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                              June 2, 2006 Friday

Asian Development Bank offers 60m dollars for Indonesian quake relief

LENGTH: 407 words


Text of report by Tony Hotland and Urip Hudiono, published in English by
Indonesian newspaper The Jakarta Post website on 2 June

Jakarta: The Asian Development Bank (ADB) has offered the Indonesian government
grant aid and soft loans totalling about 60m US dollars to help finance
reconstruction in quake-affected areas of Yogyakarta and Central Java.

The offer was made by ADB President Haruhiko Kuroda during a meeting with Vice
President Jusuf Kalla at the vice presidential offices in Jakarta on Wednesday
[31 May].

Kuroda had met with President Yudhoyono the day before in Yogyakarta and toured
the city to see the scale of the destruction and how the bank could assist with
the reconstruction process.

The ADB, Kuroda said, was assessing its ongoing projects in Indonesia to see how
resources could be deployed effectively and quickly on the ground.

He said that about 10m dollars of the financial assistance would take the form
of emergency grants and the other 50m dollars would comprise soft loans.

Finance Minister Sri Mulyani Indrawati, who accompanied Kalla during the
meeting, said the use of ADB funds would be focused on permanent needs during
the reconstruction period.

"For the ADB funds to be realized, we will first have to identify the projects
and work that is needed. Then we can seek disbursement," she said.

Meanwhile, the World Bank said it would divert up to 60m dollars from existing
programmes to support reconstruction in Yogyakarta and Central Java. Other
funding sources, including grants, were also being discussed, especially for the
rebuilding of homes.

Efforts to restructure and refocus existing programmes supporting provincial
health care provision, community infrastructure and rural water supply were
already under way, the Bank said in a statement. It would utilize existing
facilitators from its community-based urban development programmes to channel
the assistance transparently and accountably.

"We will do our utmost to ensure there is enough for recovery and
reconstruction," country director Andrew Steer said.

"We are working to ensure that local communities get funds into their own hands
quickly and efficiently to take charge of their own recovery."

More than 5,800 people were killed and thousands more injured in Saturday's
6.3-magnitude quake. Nearly 49,000 homes were destroyed and more than 118,000
others damaged, official figures show.

Source: The Jakarta Post website, Jakarta, in English 2 Jun 06

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2006 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              765 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                           December 18, 2014 Thursday

Emerging, existing job trends are focus for Maryland institutions

BYLINE: Margie Hyslop

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1179  words


Maryland schools are working hand-in-hand with business and government, using
collaboration and targeted assistance to prepare the state's workforce for
emerging and existing workforce needs.

Last year Maryland created the Employment Advancement Right Now grant program to
foster partnerships between industry and schools to prepare Marylanders for jobs
with good pay that employers need to fill.

One of 28 EARN grants awarded this year went to BIOTrain, a Montgomery
College-led initiative to develop training that will ensure that students who
want to enter or advance in biotechnology jobs acquire the skills, knowledge and
perspective they need to thrive in that industry.

"It's a way for (biotech] businesses to have a real voice in the way training is
done and helps make sure the issues that industry faces are heard," said Michael
D. Smith, Montgomery College's biotechnology program director.

As the biotech industry has matured, Smith said, there is a greater need for
workers who have technical and manufacturing expertise as well as familiarity
with the demands of research and development processes.

BIOTrain also is coordinating with the state's One Stop Career Centers and
industry business partners to connect job seekers to training and work.

"Businesses are going to come here and stay here because people with training
are what they need," Smith said.

Together Montgomery College and Hagerstown Community College will use an EARN
grant to make sure that commercial truck and bus drivers are trained and ready
to move goods and people in the growing region they serve. Such training is
needed to fill jobs that will open as thousands of transportation and logistics
workers move toward retirement within 10 years.

Towson University, with the aid of an EARN grant, is developing a training
program to prepare construction industry workers to use the evolving technology
called Building Information Modeling (BIM).

BIM is a process of creating and using a collection of digital files to
understand buildings or other structures (such as roads, water and sewer
systems, electric and gas utilities, port facilities, etc.) from concept through
construction, use and maintenance.

Towson 's Regional Economic Studies Institute analyzed the need for BIM training
and the university's Center for Professional Studies is working with
construction industry partners, which are providing information on upcoming
construction projects and about new developments in BIM  technology.

According to the industry-led Maryland Center for Construction Education and
Innovation, BIM technology is expected soon to become a key tool, but few
workers are skilled at using it.

BIM classes will begin at Towson University's Construction Technology computer
lab in February, and graduates will receive continuing education credits and a
certificate.

The University of Maryland, Baltimore County is one of only 10 schools in the
country that offers a Bachelor of Science degree in emergency health services.

More people are looking to get into jobs in medical fields and many students who
thought they wanted to become physicians are finding that they may want to
become a nurse or physician assistant, Dwight Polk, director of UMBC's paramedic
program said.

Enrollment is up in emergency health services courses because emergency medical
services is an entry point into other health care fields, Polk said.

UMBC now is developing a program that, if approved,  would educate "community
paramedics" to serve an expanded role. They would  not only be emergency
responders but part of a team working to optimize and continue delivery of
health care.

"The goal is using an experienced, highly-trained paramedic to help keep the
patient out of the emergency room," Polk said.

Community paramedics would be able to perform some patient examinations, home
assessments and serve also as a sort of  medical social worker.

Such programs have proven successful in several states, as well as Canada and
Australia, Polk said.

The scope of work also is expanding for dental hygienists, as Maryland recently
joined a majority of states that allow them to monitor nitrous oxide for
sedation and administer local anesthetics and work without a dentist's direct
supervision.

To keep pace with the demand for more training, several Maryland schools are
expanding the range and number of courses they offer toward a degree in dental
hygiene and certification as a dental assistant, which often is a springboard to
becoming a hygienist.

At Howard Community College those classes fill quickly and students are waiting
to sign up for the next, the college's spokeswoman Elizabeth Homan said.

To remedy a shortage of welders and prepare the state's workforce for job
openings if a manufacturer of offshore wind turbines locates in Maryland, Anne
Arundel Community College is offering a range of courses in partnership with
Earlbeck Gases and Technologies, which also offers classes at its Baltimore
location. Eight other Maryland community colleges offer welding training.

Fourteen Maryland community colleges will share a $15-million grant awarded by
the U.S. Department of Labor in September. The Trade Adjustment Assistance
Community College and Career Training grant is designated to train workers for
cybersecurity jobs across many business sectors.

Called the Cyber Technology Pathways Across Maryland Consortium, Montgomery
College will lead the colleges as they collaborate with major employers to
assess and train entry-level workers and military veterans and help them seek
jobs in cyber fields.

Before enrolling in the cybersecurity program at Harford Community College,
which is a member of the consortium, Douglas W. Stanley of Aberdeen worked as a
product tester, improving manufacturing processes and recruiting students for a
private technical school.

"From there it occurred to me that (cybersecurity] is where I wanted to be,"
said Stanley, 37, now a network technician at Upper Chesapeake Health system.

Stevenson University's approach to workforce development is aimed at ensuring
that students' studies lead to satisfying work, even as technology and the job
market change.

Stevenson's new digital marketing program offers a Bachelor of Science degree in
what the university calls a "rapidly emerging career path. "

In April, state higher education officials reported that the number of students
graduating in Maryland with degrees in science, technology, engineering and
mathematics (STEM) increased  to 13,082 in 2013, a 37 percent increase over the
9,544 students who graduated with STEM degrees in Maryland in 2006.

Faculty and mentors help students identify their skills, values and interests,
develop expertise in a chosen discipline and the knowledge and tools to plan and
advance in careers.

"That student-centered piece is critical" at the independent university, which
has campuses in Stevenson and Owings Mills, vice president for career services
Anne Scholl-Fiedler said.

http://www.mddailyrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2015 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              766 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           February 1, 2017 Wednesday

Des Plaines Fire Department receives Illinois American Water grant

BYLINE: Submitted by Newsmakers Inc., DiBendetto

SECTION: NEIGHBOR; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 282 words


The Des Plaines Fire Department will be purchasing new hydrant markers thanks to
a grant from Illinois American Water. The IAW 2016 Firefighter Grant Program
provides financial assistance to fire and emergency organizations serving
communities in its service areas.

This year, approximately $49,600 will be awarded to 62 fire departments. To
date, the program has resulted in more than 350 grants totaling over $342,000
awarded across the state.

"Our teams partner closely with fire departments, testing and operating every
fire hydrant across the state and working hard to ensure reliable water service
for fire protection, but we wanted to do more," said Bruce Hauk, president of
Illinois American Water.

"This program enables us to further support our local heroes in the communities
we serve."

Grants of up to $700 are awarded to cover the costs associated with the
following:

Personal protective gear; communications equipment; firefighting tools; water
handling equipment; training and related activities/materials used to support
community fire protection; reimbursement for specific fire training classes,
including training manuals and workbooks.

Fire Chief Alan Wax of Des Plaines thanked Illinois American Water during the
check presentation.

"We are very appreciative of Illinois American Water's support, not only with
this award, but through the years as a partner in safety. This grant will
provide for improved efficiency of our fire department and safety for the
residents in the IAW service area during heavy snow events by assuring the best
opportunity for our personnel to locate and utilize nearby fire hydrants," Wax
said.

More information can be found by visiting www.amwater.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: (Left to Right) John Kovalcik, Administrative Analyst; Tom Harrell,
Supervisor with Illinois American Water; Alan Wax, Des Plaines Fire Chief; and
Pete Dyer, Deputy Chief of Des Plaines hold a check from IAW. Photo provided by
Illinois American Water Courtesy of Illinois American Water Pictured at the
grant presentation, from left, are: John Kovalcik, administrative analyst; Tom
Harrell, supervisor with Illinois American Water; Alan Wax, Des Plaines fire
chief; and Pete Dyer, deputy chief, city of Des Plaines. Courtesy of Illinois
American Water Pictured at the grant presentation, from left, are: John
Kovalcik, administrative analyst; Tom Harrell, supervisor with Illinois American
Water; Alan Wax, Des Plaines fire chief; and Pete Dyer, deputy chief, city of
Des Plaines.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              767 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             October 3, 2010 Sunday

Pakistan, UN launch 120 million dollar flood victim scheme

LENGTH: 275  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Oct. 03 -- Pakistan and the UN Development Programme (UNDP) Friday
launched a 120 million dollar programme to help people rebuild their lives
following the country's recent devastating floods.

"The one-year programme, which is part of a broader UN emergency response plan,
aims at restoring livelihoods through job creation, repairing basic community
infrastructure," the UN agency said in a statement.

The United Nations has issued a record two-billion-dollar appeal for funds to
cope with the disaster, which UN agencies say affected 21 million people and
left 12 million in need of emergency food aid.

"There is not a moment to lose. It is critical that winter crops are planted so
that millions of farmers do not become dependent on food," said the statement,
quoting UNDP country director Toshihiro Tanaka.

"Jobs need to be created through cash-for-work schemes so that affected
communities start to become self-reliant," it said, adding: "early recovery is
crucial for the country's long-term development.

The programme aims to revive livelihoods across 39 of the most affected
districts by offering grants to 2,500 small and home-based businesses.

People affected by floods will also be provided agricultural goods, including
seeds and fertilizers, and creating temporary work to repair roads, water
facilities and protection walls.

The programme will also support efforts to restore basic and critical community
infrastructure and services Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              768 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                             April 6, 2010 Tuesday

2 Projects Get Conservation Funds Deadline Extended For Heating Aid

BYLINE: In Brief

SECTION: B; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 200  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Two Lancaster County projects are among 88 statewide to share in $16.5 million
of Growing Greener funding, the state Department of Environmental Protection
said Monday.

A watershed protection grant of $52,300 was approved for the Octoraro Watershed
Association to help develop conservation plans for Plain-sect farmers in the
Octoraro watershed.

A nonpoint source pollution control grant of $64,250 was approved for the
Lancaster County Conservation District to complete 2,200 feet of restoration
work on Mill Creek, in partnership with the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service.

Low-income Pennsylvanians needing help with heating bills have two more weeks to
file for assistance.

The application deadline for the Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Program has
been extended from April 2 to April 16 because of the harsh winter.

LIHEAP provides cash grants to help pay for home heating fuel and crisis grants
to address heating emergencies such as a furnace failure or unexpected fuel
shortages.

For a family of four, the income limit is $33,075. The amount of aid depends on
family size, fuel type and where you live. Lancaster County residents may apply
by contacting the Community Action Program at (800) 732-0018.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              769 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         The Queensland Times (Ipswich)

                             June 20, 2009 Saturday

SECTION: Pg. 14

LENGTH: 152  words

Time running out to apply for flood help

IPSWICH residents affected by the recent rain and floods have just one week left
to apply for government assistance.

Personal hardship grants of $165 per person and $765 per family are available to
provide emergency assistance.

Means-tested Essential Household Contents Grants and Structural Assistance
Grants are also available to uninsured residents whose homes were damaged by
flood waters.

To apply for assistance visit communities.qld.gov.au or phone 1800 173 349.

Give up alcohol in fundraising quest

MANY Ipswich people, including State Member for Ipswich West Wayne Wendt, are
taking the challenge and beating the booze this month.

Healthy High challenges people to give up alcohol for 10 days, including two
weekends, and raise money for the homeless.

The DRUG Arm fundraiser starts on June 19 and finishes on June 29.

For more information visit www.healthyhigh.com.au.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IQT


                    Copyright 2009 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              770 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Indian Country Today (Oneida, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 14, 2009 Wednesday

Thoreau Chapter receives Tribal Infrastructure Fund

BYLINE: Indian Country Today, Oneida, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 516 words


Jan. 14--THOREAU, N.M. -- Navajo Nation Council Delegate Edmund Yazzie announced
a $400,612 grant received from the Tribal Infrastructure Fund with the state of
New Mexico for an improvement project of County Road 27 near Thoreau Chapter.

"Our chapter was thrilled when we were informed that we had been approved for
our funding request," Yazzie said, representing Thoreau. "The safety of our
roads is a concern often raised by our community members and this funding will
help to address some of their concerns."

The state of New Mexico's Tribal Infrastructure Fund (TIF) Board reviewed 26
infrastructure project proposals totaling more than $9.7 million in requests
this year. Proposals included requests for water and wastewater systems,
electrical power lines, community buildings, bathroom additions, health and
emergency response facilities, and community planning and development assistance
.

Their funding requests this year totaled more than $9.7 million, and
unfortunately, only $5 million was allocated in the 2008 legislative session for
these infrastructure projects. The funding for the TIF is highly competitive and
only 10 of the 26 applications submitted were awarded funds.

Yazzie played an instrumental role in ensuring the application submitted was
well put together and met the necessary criteria to be considered for funding.
In accordance with the grant agreement, a scope of work was drafted to clearly
define the performance measures and outline the time period for the project to
be completed, which is expected to be 18 months or less.

Yazzie commended his chapter staff for their assistance in putting the
application together.

"This was a team effort and our chapter leaders played an important role,"
Yazzie said. "We will continue to work hard for our community and listen to
their needs."

Navajo Council Speaker Lawrence T. Morgan said Yazzie and his chapter house
staff put together a strong application.

"Council Delegate Yazzie recognized how competitive it is to receive funds and
he worked diligently to ensure their application would meet the criteria,"
Morgan said. "These applications can be tedious and time consuming and I commend
them for putting together a strong application."

On April 5, 2005, New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson signed into law, HB 868, the
Tribal Infrastructure Act. The purpose of the act is to build basic
infrastructure in order to improve the poor social, health and economic
conditions in tribal communities. This act also created the Tribal
Infrastructure Trust Fund, the Tribal Infrastructure Project Fund, and a
13-person Tribal Infrastructure Board, consisting of nine voting members and
four non-voting members.

To see more of Indian Country Today, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.indiancountry.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Indian Country Today, Oneida,
N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090114-IC-TRIBAL-FUND-GRANT-20090114

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IC


                      Copyright 2009 Indian Country Today


                              771 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring Middle East - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                           September 20, 2010 Monday

Japan gives Yemen two grants for health projects

LENGTH: 296 words


Text of report in English by state-run Yemeni news agency Saba website

Japan supports Health, Water Projects in Yemen

[19/September/2010]

Sana'a, Sep. 19 (Saba) - Japan extended on Sunday 2 grants amounting to $204,293
for health and water projects in Ibb and Taiz governorates.

According to a press release issued by the Jumpiness embassy, Japanese
Ambassador to Yemen Mitsunori Namba, Director of District Health Office in
Fara'a al-Udayn in Ibb governorate Abdul-Mughni Ghalib and Chair of Solidarity
Association for Social Development Abdu Abdul-Majid signed the contracts for the
projects at the Embassy of Japan in Sana'a.

The first grant to Fara'a Al-Udayn, Ibb governorate, will benefit 150,000 people
in the district by providing an ambulance to Al-Wazeerah Hospital and medical
equipments to Al-Saleh Hospital, Fara'a Al-Udayn District.

The beneficiaries of the other grant are about 2,200 people in 15 villages in
al-Barasha area of Ta'iz and the project consists of constructing a water tank,
a protection room for a water pump and water pipelines.

These grants aim at improving the health medical and emergency services in the
areas, and providing clean water, mitigating sufferings of women and children in
collecting water daily from remote areas.

The projects are carried out under the Japanese scheme called "Grant Assistance
for Grass-roots Human Security Projects", which aims at supporting small-scale
community-based projects to address basic human needs, such as primary health
care, basic education and drinking water supply in the developing countries.

In the last Japanese fiscal year, Japan has funded 18 projects in Yemen under
the Grass-Roots scheme with a total amount of USD 1.5 million.

Source: Saba news agency website, Sanaa, in English 0815 gmt 20 Sep 10

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2010 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              772 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              July 30, 2007 Monday

Bagley braces for long haul

BYLINE: EILEEN MOZINSKI TH staff writer

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 864 words


News You can use

Bagley officials have set up an account  for donations at People's State Bank,
133 N. Main Street, Patch Grove, Wis., 608/994-2136. A committee will be
appointed to determine how the money is distributed.

BAGLEY, Wis. - Bagley residents are digging out the debris and waiting for
rescue: Rescue from volunteers who can help clean out their houses; rescue from
agencies that can provide funding relief.

More than a week after a storm dumped more than 7 inches of rain in southwest
Wisconsin, many of those in the nearly 400 affected homes and buildings are
wrapped up in the laborious cleanup, a process guaranteed to be lengthy.

"People are pretty well-spirited," said Julie Loeffelholz, assistant emergency
management director for Grant County.

She said most are eager to rebuild and start over. Still, as she continues to
sift through paperwork after a Grant County storm in 2000, Loeffelholz knows
that cleanup and getting relief don't happen overnight.

"It's going to be a long time," she said.

With damage estimates to personal property at $1.7 million, the county will soon
be focusing on its long-term efforts for securing relief.

They are finishing applications for a Community Development Block Grant and
believe the local government will be able to recoup 70 percent of its losses,
which early estimates peg at $250,000, according to Lori Getter, spokeswoman for
Wisconsin Emergency Management.

The area might also qualify for assistance from the Small Business
Administration, which sent an agent to assess the area.

If some funding is secured from the SBA, it will be in the form of low interest
loans to both businesses and individuals.

Getter said that qualifying for federal assistance requires meeting a variety of
factors, including $5 to $6 million in damage to local government or public
infrastructure and assessing how many homes were destroyed.

"There isn't a black-and-white checklist," she said. "It's difficult to get
federal assistance, and even if you do get it, it's not going to make you 100
percent whole."

Some residences used as secondary homes won't be counted even though there are
people living in them, Getter said.

And the fact that many, if not most, of the affected residents did not have
flood insurance should serve as a reminder to check insurance policies
regularly, Getter said.

"It's important to know what's covered in your policy, and should the worst
happen, know how you are going to be able to rebuild, survive," she said.

That's small comfort for those on fixed incomes.

"This is a low-income, elderly community and a lot of those people can't afford
flood insurance," Loeffelholz said.

The requirements for qualifying for aid have a hollow ring for those with
destroyed homes or businesses, who think the cleanup will be a drawn out
process, like Don and Mary Walz, of Walz Lumber.

Last week, as they surveyed the mud that oozed over much of the store inventory
in the more than century-old business, they said they were prepared to wait
months before beginning their cleanup in earnest.

"There isn't much you can do until it all dries out," Don Walz said. "It'll
probably be four months or more."

Studying the sea of mud covering the stacked lumber and emergency workers
spraying off nearby roads, Don Walz said they were grateful for the massive
efforts of emergency responders.

He is also hopeful that some kind of state or federal relief would be coming -
the kind of relief they have seen and read about in the wake of other natural
disasters.

"We're looking forward to enjoying the fruits of that," he said.

How the storm managed to damage so much of the village is being investigated.

While some residents believe that a drainage area that hasn't been maintained
near the Burlington Northern Santa Fe Railroad tracks caused much of the
flooding, railroad officials deny that caused significant damage.

"None of the evidence supports that," said Steve Forsberg, general director for
public affairs. "This was one of those acts of nature that simply overwhelms
humankind from time to time."

Forsberg said railroad engineers determined that the village's drainage system
was inadequate in the face of such a large rainfall.

"The reality is, we were cleaning boats off the top of our track," he said. "The
water level was so high, these boats weren't anywhere near the bridge. This was
a function of seven inches of rain just flooding the whole area. A huge amount
of debris was down off the hills and just overwhelmed the whole area."

He said the track, which is the railroad's main line from Chicago to
Minneapolis, was up and running a day after the storm. None of the elected
officials or emergency responders have said that the railroad structures were at
fault for the widespread flooding, said Forsberg.

Loeffelholz said local officials are working with others, including the
railroad, "to determine how we can improve drainage areas that did back up."

The Salvation Army, which partners with the Red Cross, is helping some displaced
families into apartments with the first few months rent provided, and the United
Methodist Church and other religious organizations have been providing some
meals.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              773 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            November 11, 2013 Monday

New England in Brief

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 863 words


Vt. schools get 'energy star' recognition

RICHMOND (AP) -- Eleven Vermont schools have received national recognition for
their energy efficiency efforts.

The sought-after Energy Star designation indicates the schools are in the top 25
percent nationally for energy efficiency and have met tough standards for
health, ventilation, comfort and lighting quality.

The 11 schools honored this week represent communities throughout Vermont:
Addison Central School, Brattleboro Union High School, Camels Hump Middle
School, Champlain Valley Union High School, Clarendon Elementary School, Harwood
Union High School, Lake Region Union High School, Mount Mansfield Union High
School, Shelburne Community School, Waits River Valley School, and Woodbury
Elementary School.

Curt Spalding, regional administrator for the Environmental Protection Agency,
says Vermont is the first state to pursue Energy Star ratings for all the
schools within its borders.

Vermont program raises $35,000 for emergency fuel help

MONTPELIER (AP) -- Vermont Lt. Gov. Phil Scott says this year's Wheels for
Warmth program has raised a record $35,000 for emergency fuel assistance
programs.

The program, which was started by Scott in 2005, raises money for emergency fuel
assistance while selling safe donated tires to families in need or recycling the
tires if they're unusable.

Vermonters donated their tires to various collection sites in central Vermont at
the end of October.

This year the program sold 1,350 safe, donated tires, and recycled 2,400
unusable ones, up from the 1,700 tires that were recycled last year.

Scott says the program has raised more than $213,500 for emergency fuel
assistance, sold more than 11,000 safe, donated tires, and recycled nearly
18,000 unsafe tires since 2005.

Burlington airport busier than 2012

BURLINGTON (AP) -- The passenger count of people boarding flights at the
Burlington International Airport was up 6.7 percent in October from a year
earlier, but still off from other recent years.

For the month, 58,359 passengers boarded flights leaving Burlington, up from
54,916 in October 2012.

But figures from the airport show that more than 60,000 people boarded in
Burlington every year from 2006 to 2011, with a peak of nearly 70,000 in 2008.

Vermont GOP elects new chairman

MONTPELIER (AP) -- Vermont Republicans have elected a former state legislator as
chairman of the state party.

The Republican State Committee on Saturday elected David Sunderland of Rutland
as party chairman. Sunderland had the backing of Lt. Gov. Phil Scott and former
Gov. Jim Douglas.

By a vote of 48-30, he defeated John MacGovern of Windham, who was the choice of
departing Chairman Jack Lindley after Lindley withdrew from the race last week.

Sunderland told committee members it's time for the party to forge a positive
message that is less tied to the national party. He said he'll work to bring
together the varying views within the party.

Vermont moose season: archery take up, firearms down

MONTPELIER (AP) -- Vermont Fish & Wildlife officials are calling this year's
moose hunting seasons a success, with preliminary figures showing more of the
animals being taken during the archery season and slightly fewer during the
regular season.

The archery season, which ran from Oct. 1-7, saw 23 moose being taken. That was
up from 17 during 2012's archery season.

The season for hunting moose with firearms ran from Oct. 19-24. Hunters this
year took 197 of the animals during that season, down from 205 a year earlier.

$1.8M in grants go to New Hampshire housing, public projects

CONCORD, N.H. (AP) -- The New Hampshire Community Development Finance Authority
has approved $1.8 million in grants for affordable housing projects, building
upgrades and aid for low- and moderate-income residents.

The projects approved include $200,000 for improvements to the roof, floor and
playground at The Children's Place childcare facility in Concord; $190,000 for
sprinklers at Concord's Head Start facility; $250,000 for the Boys and Girls
Club of the Lakes Region to acquire a building to turn into a new home; $500,000
to the town of Hinsdale to replace failing drinking water and septic systems at
a housing complex; $500,000 to the town of Exeter for the development of
workforce housing; and $200,000 for affordable housing in Grafton County.

The grants await final confirmation from the Executive Council.

New Hampshire hotel sets up freight farm for fresh greens

CONCORD, N.H. (AP) -- A New Hampshire hotel is trying a new twist on the
farm-to-table movement, with a new project that brings fresh salad greens and
herbs from the parking lot to the dining room.

A Boston-based company called Freight Farms delivered what it calls "The Leafy
Green Machine" to the Courtyard Marriot Grappone Conference Center on Friday.
The "farm" is an insulated freight container that houses a high-tech system to
grow greens, herbs and sprouts hydroponically, without soil.

The setup will allow the Concord hotel to grow all its own organic salad greens
on the premises. The container includes technology that automatically waters,
feeds and lights the plants. Hotel staff will monitor the unit and harvest the
greens when they're ready.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              774 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  December 6, 1993, MONDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

FURTHER STUDY OF APPLICATION SET; SCRUTINY TO FOCUS ON SPECIFICS FOR POST-FLOOD
FUNDING FOR BUYOUTS, RELOCATION

BYLINE: Ralph Dummit Of the St. Charles Post

SECTION: ST. CHARLES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1160 words


The St. Charles County Council will meet in special session Wednesday to
continue its scrutiny of an application for federal money for a buyout of
flood-damaged property and to help flood victims relocate.

Consultants, together with an ad hoc committee of county officials, have put
together a list of flood-recovery priorities on which federal money would be
spent.

County officials have agreed on specifics for their first priority - the
purchase of a total of 809 lots in all three of the flood-prone mobile-home
parks along the Missouri River north of the city of St. Charles.

At the time of the flood, 369 of the lots were occupied.

The price-tag on the land itself in the three parks is set at $ 1.76 million for
the 220 lots in Missouri Mobile Homes, $ 1.1 million for the St.  Charles Mobile
Home Community and $ 450,000 for Princess Jodi Village. A variety of federal
money would be expected to pay for 75 percent of the pre-flood value of these
lots, defined as the fair-market value on the county assessor's books.

An additional $ 1.85 million would be needed to buy and remove about 300 mobile
homes in the parks and to clear the land.

The total buyout of the mobile-home parks would require a total of $ 4,332,500
in federal money, most of which would come from community development block
grants and funds from the Federal Emergency Management Agency.

The next priority in the flood-recovery program is to use $ 645,000 in federal
money as supplemental relocation assistance to all residents displaced by the
flood in the northeast section of the county.

The county's third priority for using federal money calls for adding 200
mobile-home pads at the Deerfield Mobile Home Park to serve as replacement
housing for former residents of the bought-out mobile-home parks and other
flood-damaged sites.

The plan also calls for developing a 100-lot subdivision of detached homes along
Boschertown Road just across Highway 94 from the flooded area.

Most of the mobile homes at the 275-lot Deerfield had water damage in the flood.
The mobile-home park is in the city of St. Charles. Part of Boschertown Road
also is in the city limits, but other parts of the road form the northern
boundary of the city.

A consultant to the county, on the advice of County Planning Director Steven G.
Lauer, declined to provide details on how Deerfield would be upgraded or reveal
exactly where a new subdivision might be built along Boschertown Road.

He said that negotiations involving land and related costs would have to be
conducted before final decisions would be made about the proposal.

The county is proposing to use $ 2.35 million in federal money to upgrade
Deerfield and to provide buyer assistance and an additional $ 1.5 million to
subsidize public works for the 100-house subdivision.

One improvement proposed for Deerfield is the construction of a levee around the
park to provide protection from the most severe flood that might occur in a
500-year period.

The county is proposing that the city of St. Charles contribute half of the cost
of the 100-lot subdivision and to extend sewer and water service to the site.

Patrick J. Switz, director of the St. Charles Department of City Development,
could not be reached for comment about the county-proposed project.

Although the county's application for federal money does not spell out another
proposal for replacement housing, county officials indicate that they hope to
build 150 apartment units with low-interest loans from the Missouri Housing
Development Commission.

Officials have stressed that the county's application for funds is subject to
change.

In a recent development that could affect the county's final application, U.S.
Rep. Harold Volkmer, D-Hannibal, has called for a seminar in Columbia, Mo.,
Friday for city and county officials wrestling with the complexities of federal
relocation assistance.

A spokesman for Volkmer said Friday that the congressman would be accompanied by
representatives from the Federal Emergency Management Agency and the Missouri
Department of Economic Development.

The department's director, Joseph L. Driskell, has invited local officials to
the meeting and said that they would get information about preparing
applications for funds. The meeting will begin at 9:30 a.m. in the Hearnes
Multipurpose Center.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              775 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              June 15, 2009 Monday

Community briefs

SECTION: D; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 402 words


Red Cross sets

Pet First Aid course

The American Red Cross of the Tri-States will host a Pet First Aid course from
5:30 to 9:30 p.m. Tuesday, June 16, at 2400 Asbury Road.

The four-hour course will teach participants when to call for emergency
assistance, how to identify life-threatening emergencies and how to provide
appropriate care.

Canine and feline mannequins will be used to demonstrate proper lifesaving CPR
techniques.

For more information on Pet First Aid or to register, call the American Red
Cross of the Tri-States at 563-583-6451, ext. 303.

Food giveaway will take place June 20

The Dubuque Area Labor Harvest and the United Way Labor's Community Services
will have a food giveaway for low-income residents from 7:30 to 10 a.m.
Saturday, June 20, or while food supplies last.

The food giveaway will be at the Dubuque Area Labor Harvest building, 423 W.
Locust St. Recipients are asked to bring identification and a box for the food.

The food giveaways are funded by a grant from the Federal Emergency Management
Agency, which requires that food recipients be residents of Dubuque County.

Red Cross gets grant from Kiwanis

The American Red Cross of the Tri-States has been awarded a $1,000 grant from
the Dubuque Kiwanis Club to implement the water safety program "Partners in Pool
Safety."

The goal of "Partners in Pool Safety" is to provide free swimming lessons to
members of the Boys and Girls Club of Greater Dubuque. Lessons will be from
Monday, June 29 to Friday, July 10, at Flora Park pool, by city of Dubuque
Leisure Services lifeguards.

For more information, call 563-583-6451.

Library employee earns certification

The State Library of Iowa announced that Andrew Fuerst-Henry, of Carnegie-Stout
Public Library in Dubuque, completed all requirements for public librarian
certification.

To receive a certificate, individuals must meet certain work experience and
educational requirements. Certification is a voluntary program, and certificates
are valid for three years.

PEOSTA, Iowa

Swiss Valley site

of scavenger hunt

The Dubuque County Conservation Board is hosting a free program for all ages at
the Swiss Valley Campgrounds.

Campers and non-campers are invited to take part in a Tree Scavenger Hunt at 9
a.m. Saturday, June 20, at the Swiss Valley Campground pavilion. Participants
will learn how to identify native trees, become tree detectives and enjoy the
outdoors.

For more information, call 563-556-6745.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              776 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                          September 14, 2013 Saturday

Meeting leaves La Union residents with unanswered questions

BYLINE: By Jocelyn Apodaca For the Sun-News

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1087 words


LA UNION >> Serving as a question and answer session during a community meeting
in La Union Saturday, a contingent of county staff met at Our Lady of Refuge
Catholic church, providing vague answers to questions asked by residents about
recent flooding.

After an earthen dam just outside the community of La Union, located about 30
miles south of Las Cruces, had been breached leaving more than 300 residents
without water, gas and waste-water services, county commissioners aimed at
addressing the immediate dangers, asking residents to prioritize and focus on
what needed emergency attention.

County Commissioner Bill Garrett addressed the residents, acknowledging that the
issues could not be resolved overnight.

"It's clear that some of the work that needs to be done is today, next week and
in weeks to come," he said. "In times of crisis, the community must come
together."

After opening the floor to the community for discussion, residents voiced their
concerns and gave personal accounts of the devastation they've faced in their
homes.

Lydia Ramos, of the 100 block of Union Street, put pressure on the
commissioners, asking for a date and timeline of action.

"Why does it take until now to do something? We can't wait," she said. "We need
dates. When is this going to start? What is your timeline?"

Resident Irene Ortiz asked about the elderly population in the area.

"What about the elderly people who can't get out of their homes, how will they
be fitted?" Ortiz asked. "Who is going to provide them with food and nutrition?"

Directly answering Ortiz's question, County Manager Sue Padilla said the staff
was working with the Doca Ana County chapter of the American Red Cross to
provide services.

While much of the community do not carry flood insurance, longtime resident
Bianca Menchaca addressed the commission about funding for the damages made to
those who couldn't afford the extra debt. Padilla said there would be a process
for those who did not have flood insurance and that assistance would be
available once the declaration of disaster was signed with the Federal Emergency
Management Agency on Monday.

"What happens when the ground gives way? Then you have a fatality on your hands.
Are you ready for that? I don't think you are," Menchaca added. "It's just sad
that our community has always been forgotten and they are telling us be patient,
be patient. We are out of patience."

Seeking immediate help was resident Margarita Lazarin, who said the ceiling of
her home collapsed in the middle of the night.

"My home is over 50 years old. I have my daughter and two children in their home
behind ours. There is water seeping in though the walls," she said. "The ceiling
fan almost fell onto my grandson's feet."

Cynthia Martinez, of the 400 block of Mendez, also raised concern for her
children.

"When the dam broke, we had to close our gates and put sandbags out. The water
was already past our ankles," Martinez said. "What if the other dam breaks in
the middle of the night while my kids are sleeping?"

Assuring the community that the county has been getting together on a daily
basis to determine immediate need was Fire Marshal Robert Monsivaiz.

"There is no way we can fix the dam between now and Monday," Monsivaiz said.
"It's going to be a lengthy process. We are asking you to call 911 if you have
an emergency and our response team will get to you."

Wash stations and portable bathrooms have been brought in to serve the residents
who do not have waste-water services due to the flooding.

"All the water is on our property, the septic water is just sitting in our
home," resident Ted Argeanas, of the 100 block of La Union Street, said. "I've
been having to carry my wife in and out of our home. This septic water is
dangerous. It's gonna get nasty."

Residents have been shoveling dirt onto their property in an effort to soak up
the sitting water and prevent it from traveling further into their homes.

"We knew that it had to get done. We couldn't get in and out of our house," said
Lorenza Chavez, 73, of the process of shoveling dirt that was dumped in front of
her home, blocking the entrance.

Chavez said she purchased flood insurance about a year ago due to a requirement
to make home improvements. A technicality in the policy caused the insurance to
be canceled just three weeks before the flood destroyed much of the small town,
she said.

Lilly Chavez, of the 200 block of Paloma Street, spent two days at her home
shoveling dirt onto her driveway, which she said was immersed underwater.

"I had to dig a trench to get the water into the street," Chavez said. "If they
had told me to get sandbags earlier, I would have."

After the meeting, groups were sectioned off to determine which residents needed
immediate attention and where work needed to be done first.

The offices of Senators Martin Heinrich and Tom Udall provided pamphlets with
information regarding loans and grants from federal aid for low income families
and the elderly.

Esperanza Guidance Services provided their help as well as other community
volunteers willing to reach out to residents in need.

The La Union Fire District Station remains inaccessible to heavy equipment due
to flooding and ruts. Monsivaiz said the gas lines cannot be turned on until the
roads have been fixed.

The Del Cerro Community Center will serve as a shelter for families dislocated
due to rain and flooding, county official said.

The Doca Ana County chapter of the American Red Cross is assisting with shelter
activities and is accepting donations of cash, which can be made by visiting the
Red Cross website atredcross.org . Go to the tab titled "Donate Funds," then
select "Your Local Red Cross Chapter."

Residents may also call 1-800-733-2767 to donate, and are asked to specify that
donations be made directly to Doca Ana County.

The Red Cross is also accepting donations of bottled water, non-perishable food,
cots, chairs, blankets and clothes, which can be dropped off in Las Cruces at
Fire Station No. 1 at 201 E. Picacho Ave.

The Doca Ana County Board of Commissioners is expected to meet in emergency
session at 9 a.m. Monday in the Commission Chambers of the Doca Ana County
Government Center. The purpose of the meeting will be to issue a declaration of
disaster and subsequently seek state and federal assistance.

Residents who need to report emergencies are advised to call 911, so that the
proper resources can be prioritized and allocated.

Jocelyn Apodaca may be reached atjocebart@gmail.com .

Sun-News photographer Shari V. Hill contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Shari V. Hill Sun-News Workers shovel dirt around a grave site that was
disturbed by the recent flood water in the La Union Cemetery on Saturday after a
severe flood ripped through the town last week, causing some graves to sink and
shift.
Shari V. Hill Sun-News Lilly Chavez cries Saturday as she and her mother Lorenza
Chavez, 73, listen to county officials discuss a plan of action for the flood
damage in La Union during a meeting, held at Our Lady of Refuge Catholic Church
in the small town south of Las Cruces.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2013 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              777 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                              July 4, 2016 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Officials consider tanker base at Smithville airport for fires

BYLINE: Mary Huber Austin Community Newspapers

SECTION: METR; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 659 words


Bastrop County and Smithville officials are looking to build a single-engine air
tanker base with firefighting resources at the Smithville municipal airport to
better respond to wildfire threats.

Last October, the Hidden Pines fire burned nearly 4,600 acres just north of
Smithville, destroying 64 homes. Some of those homes had been burned in the 2011
Bastrop County Complex fire, which torched 34,000 acres and destroyed 1,600
homes.

The planned base could position as many as six small crop dusters in the county
during the summer fire season as well as place new fuel storage tanks, a fuel
delivery system and an upgraded water supply well at the airport to fight
wildfires, Smithville City Manager Robert Tamble said.

A $331,000 Federal Emergency Management Agency grant called F-MAG, or Fire
Management Assistance Grant Program, which Bastrop County qualified for after
the Hidden Pines fire, could help fund the tanker base, officials said.

County Judge Paul Pape said he had worked with the Office of Emergency
Management and the University of Texas Health Science Center to decide how to
best use the federal grant. Instead of spreading it into a number of small
projects, the group decided to move forward with the SEAT base - even though it
focuses more on preparedness than mitigation.

But the need for the base is obvious, Pape said.

During the Hidden Pines fire, planes sometimes had to fly as far as 200 miles to
refuel and reload chemical retardant, slowing the response to the blaze, Tamble
said.

Lacking a SEAT base was just one of a few complications the county faced when
fighting the fire, the third to strike Bastrop County in six years.

Recently, a group of homeowners released an independent study into the Hidden
Pines fire that found county officials underestimated the size of the blaze by
400 percent and pulled away critical resources in the first 24 hours, when they
were needed most. They also found communications between departments lacking.

The county took that study very seriously, Pape said, along with one it
commissioned last year.

"It's kind of like when a football team loses a game, and the coach gets
everybody together and says, â  You know, what could we have done differently?"
Pape said. "Let's coach ourselves into being better at what we do."

The county pooled together several recommendations taken from each study and
presented them in a chart to commissioners last week. It is the beginning of a
long process to prepare the county in case of another fire, Pape said.

Jim Boyle, who led the homeowners' study, responded with his four core
recommendations - things he said could not wait past September, when potential
flash drought conditions might rear again and ignite the threat of wildfire.

He asked the county to increase its access to bulldozers through interlocal
agreements as well as to preposition state mutual aid teams in the area when
conditions are ripe for wildfire. Boyle called for an "after-action report" to
synchronize command and control communications between various departments. His
final recommendation was for an air tanker base at Austin-Bergstrom
International Airport.

The tanker base in Austin would be considerably larger than the one planned for
Smithville, holding Type 1 planes that can carry up to 4,000 gallons of fire
retardant. Texas is one of three western states without one.

Pape said there is little he can do to ensure its construction. The
responsibility for a project of that magnitude would fall in the hands of the
Texas and National Forest Service. But he agreed to write a letter stressing its
importance for the state and Bastrop County.

The after-action report will be complete by the end of July, he said.

For the SEAT base at the Smithville airport, Bastrop County commissioners voted
unanimously to approve the application to FEMA for the $331,000. They should
hear by the end of summer if the funds are approved.

Contact Mary Huber at 512-321-2557.

Twitter: @marymhuber

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              778 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (Sri Lanka)

                             June 14, 2016 Tuesday

Ford partners JEN to conduct CSR project in Kilinochchi

LENGTH: 528 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, June 14 -- Ford Motor Company, represented in Sri Lanka by Future
Automobiles, a subsidiary of Softlogic Holdings, has awarded a grant to JEN
(Japan Emergency NGO) to carry out an agricultural livelihood project in
Kilinochchi.

Utilising the funding from Ford, JEN will be able to assist people who have
returned from displacement regain their livelihood through agriculture. JEN's
project will focus on constructing agro-wells which can enable agriculture
during dry seasons and increase income to achieve self-reliance in the
long-term.This project aims to contribute to two main goals. Firstly, to enable
farmers to expand their agricultural practices and increase income through
establishing access to water and secondly, to strengthen the community to work
together to jointly solve problems encountered in the community.

Ford funding will be able to partially cover the project in Kilinochchi,
targeting 54 families. The funding for this project has been granted by Ford's
Conservation & Environmental Grants programme. In 2014 Ford was recognized as
one of the world's most ethical companies by Ethisphere, for the fifth year in a
row. Ford has also been named as one of Corporate Social Responsibility
magazine's 100 Best Corporate Citizens in the U.S.

JEN's work in Sri Lanka commenced in 2005 when the organization first assisted
the tsunami-affected communities in Hambantota. Since then, JEN has developed
various relationships with communities and stakeholders in Sri Lanka, moving
from Hambantota to the east in Ampara and Batticaloa, and to the north in
Vavuniya, Kilinochchi and Mullaitivu. JEN also conducted rapid assistance in
Manik Farm when the camp was initially established. Projectsinclude emergency
relief kit distribution, livelihood development in fisheries and agriculture and
shelter provision.

Commenting on the grant, Chamath Tennekoon - CEO of Future Automobiles (Pvt) Ltd
stated, "We believe this grant to JEN will play a significant role in helping to
assist people who have returned to their homes and communities, giving them
opportunities to rebuild their lives by investing their time and effort in
agriculture. As an advocate of organic and healthy agricultural practices
myself, I valued the opportunity to assist agricultural communities in need, and
we hope to continue to support JEN in their excellent work in the areas of clean
drinking water and environmental sustainability."

Chiaki Ota -Program Officer of JEN stated, "JEN has been working with Ford's
funding partner GlobalGiving over the past five years, which has led to
thefunding of several successful projects across the globe.We are grateful to
have received funding from Ford to build on our achievements in Sri Lanka." Over
the past several years, Ford has supported numerous projects and causes in Sri
Lanka, as part of its Conservation and Environmental Grants Program.

Snapshots of the Ford sponsored agriculture development project in Kilinochchi.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily News Sri Lanka. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              779 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           September 20, 2004 Monday

Bush declares local disaster

BYLINE: Michael Hasch

LENGTH: 1663 words


President Bush declared Allegheny and seven surrounding counties a major
disaster Sunday night, making those hardest hit by the remnants of Hurricane
Ivan eligible for federal aid.

The White House declaration came at the urging of Gov. Ed Rendell, county
officials, the region's congressional delegation and the state's two U.S.
senators.

Rendell took a 30-minute helicopter tour yesterday of communities inundated by
the region's most widespread and devastating flash floods in recent memory.

The president's disaster declaration also includes Armstrong, Beaver, Butler,
Clearfield, Indiana, Washington and Westmoreland counties.

"Gov. Rendell is ecstatic that President Bush and the federal government
responded so quickly to the needs of victims of this storm," said David M.
Sanko, director of the Pennsylvania Emergency Management Agency (PEMA).

Most, but not all, federal assistance is in the form of low-interest loans to
cover expenses not covered by state or local programs or private insurance,
according to the Federal Emergency Management Agency.

Individuals may borrow up to $200,000 to repair or replace real estate and
$40,000 to recover losses to personal property, according to PEMA. Interest
rates are usually 4 percent or lower, with up to 30-year repayment terms, based
on ability to pay.

Cash grants of up to $25,000 per household may be available to some people for
temporary housing assistance, home repair or replacement, medical,
transportation or other disaster-related needs.

The Internal Revenue Service allows certain losses to be deducted on federal
income tax returns. Disaster-related unemployment assistance may be available
through the state unemployment office. Some crisis counseling or legal
counseling also is available.

There should be relatively few problems for the majority of commuters during
this morning's rush hour because most major roads are open.

One problem area could be the inbound Parkway East between Grant Street and the
Fort Pitt Bridge, said Dick Skrinjar, of the state Department of Transportation.

Crews were still pumping water out of the area, and it was unknown if the work
could be completed overnight.

Skrinjar also said traffic that normally follows Route 8 through Butler Street
in Etna to come into the city will be detoured onto the 62nd Street Bridge and
along Butler Street in Lawrenceville.

The 10th Street Bypass reopened last night but the Mon Parking Wharf will remain
closed today, said city Public Works Director Guy Costa.

"Our customers can expect some delays because of mud and debris in some areas,"
said Port Authority of Allegheny County spokesman Bob Grove.

The light-rail system will operate on schedule but it will be impossible for
normal operations in Millvale, Etna and Oakdale, he said.

Lack of clean water remains a major problem. Water buffaloes have been set up in
various communities.

Bob Full, the county's director of emergency services, said PEMA is shipping in
a three-day supply of bottled water for 28,000 people.

The Pennsylvania-American Water Company has been plagued with a number of
flood-related problems that has caused low water pressure in several South Hills
communities, Full said.

A dozen tanker firetrucks from surrounding counties have been placed at
strategic locations for fire protection, Full said.

Fire stations and firefighting equipment in Millvale, Etna, Hampton, Carnegie
and Oakdale were damaged in the flooding, Full said.

He said 92 people were treated in hospitals in the county with flood-related
injuries. One person was swept away by the raging waters and presumed drowned.

Few flood-related injuries were reported in surrounding counties.

Allegheny County Chief Executive Dan Onorato said it is still impossible to
determine how many people were left homeless in the floods because most of those
whose homes were damaged or destroyed are staying with friends or relatives.

Onorato said 900 people spent Friday night in shelters. He expected about 100 to
spend last night in shelters in Collier and Millvale.

The American Red Cross plans to open aid stations today in Millvale, Etna,
Sharpsburg, Shaler and the Mt. Pleasant Township area of Washington County to
provide residents with bottled water and cleaning supplies.

Onorato said it will take some time to calculate the exact number of homes and
businesses damaged or destroyed by the floods.

John Laudenslager of Duquesne Light Co. said the only customers still without
service in Beaver and Allegheny counties were 350 who won't have power restored
until their buildings or homes can be inspected for safety reasons.

Guy Fletcher said all Allegheny Energy customers left without power over the
weekend were expected to have service this morning, except for about 1,500 in
Fayette, Washington and Greene counties.

Onorato said the Allegheny County Airport, the Port Authority, the Allegheny
County Sanitary Authority and a number of private contractors have sent heavy
equipment and workers to help the cleanup effort in various communities.

The city of Pittsburgh will begin doing so today, he said.

"We'll get through this because we are all working together," said Mayor Tom
Murphy.

Although the floodwaters dumped 11 private boats on Point State Park, no vessel
owners will be permitted to enter the park until Wednesday, city emergency
management personnel said.

This will give Public Works employees time to clean debris from the park.

City police Cmdr. Edward Kelly said the Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission is
working to identify the owners of the crafts. He asks that they wait to be
notified before coming to the park to remove their vessels.

The owners must provide proof of ownership and Public Works personnel must
approve the means of removal of each vessel.

Police Sgt. Michael DelCimmuto said pedestrians should stay out of the park
until the cleanup is completed because of health problems posed by the extensive
amount of raw sewage left by the receding waters.

Costa said he believes the Great Race, scheduled for Sept. 26, will be run as
scheduled.

"We're optimistic. We need a couple of days to clean up and a couple of days to
set it up," Costa said.

The bulk of the cleanup remains.

"Everybody is just trying to pick up the pieces and start going from there,"
said Randy Brozenick, emergency management agency director in Armstrong County.

"People need to call us to let us know they have damage. If we don't get to them
right away, they need to take photos and document anything they do for cleanup
and repair," Brozenick said.

Greg Clark, operations manager for the 911 center in Washington County, said
property assessment personnel spent yesterday with PEMA workers surveying
damaged buildings.

He estimated that hundreds of homes and businesses were damaged or destroyed.

Frank Matis, director of the emergency management agency in Butler County, said:
"At this point, we probably have over 300 homes impacted to one degree or
another. Some are completely destroyed; some just have a couple of feet of water
in the basement."

Two bridges in Buffalo Township and one in each Renfrew and Middlesex remain
closed, Matis said.

All the shops -- including Giant Eagle and Big Lots -- in Green Garden Plaza
near Aliquippa sustained heavy damage from the waters of Raccoon Creek, said
Kevin Joy, deputy director of emergency services in Beaver County.

Joy said the number of homes and businesses damaged or destroyed "will exceed
300."

Tips and help

Tetanus

Only people with puncture wounds or scratches that have been exposed to dirty
water should get tetanus shots. The vaccine is effective for about 10 years.
Tetanus is a bacterial infection that leads to stiffness of the jaw or other
muscles and typically follows a deep puncture or wound

The Allegheny County Health Department will administer shots starting at 1 p.m.
today, first to emergency workers, then to citizens involved in cleanup efforts,
at the following locations:

Shaler Intermediate School, 1800 Mt. Royal Blvd.

West Mifflin Skyview Fire Department, 660 Nobles Drive

West Deer Municipal Building, 109 E. Union Road

Wilkinsburg Borough Building, 605 Ross St.

Brentwood Volunteer Fire Department, Brownsville Road, 5 to 7 p.m.

Members of the general public are advised to consult their primary care
physicians before visting a clinic. For more information, call the Allegheny
County Health Department at (412) 687-2243.

Loans

Starting today, PNC Bank is offering low-interest flood relief loans to
residents and small businesses affected by flooding. For more information, call
(888) PNC-BANK

Closings

The following local schools will be closed today:

St. Elizabeth Ann Seton Schools, Carnegie, also closed Tuesday

Holy Spirit School, Millvale

Chartiers Valley School District

Crafton Children's Corner, Green Tree

Washington and Jefferson College, Washington

Valley High School (Arnold School District), New Kensington

Avella School District

Shaler Area School District

Newport Business Institute, Lower Burrell

St. Joseph School, Coraopolis

All Saints Church, Etna, closed indefinitely

Important numbers

American Red Cross

Beaver County, (800) 999-2566

Butler County, (724) 283-2810

Southwestern Pennsylvania, (888) 217-9599

Washington County, (724) 222-4750

State police

Allegheny County, (412) 787-2000

Beaver County, (724) 773-7400

Butler County, (724) 284-8100

Lawrence County, (724) 598-2211

Washington County, (724) 223-5200

Allegheny County public inquiry hot line

(412) 423-0202

Clean-up pointers

Wear sturdy shoes

Use battery-powered lanterns or flashlights, not candles

Look for fire hazards

Check for gas leaks

Look for electrical system damage

Check for sewage and waterline damage

Watch out for animals, especially poisonous snakes

Take pictures of the damage, both the building and contents, for insurance
claims

Throw away food that has come into contact with floodwaters

Boil, bleach or distill well water before using

Pump out flooded basements to avoid structural damage

Service damaged septic tanks, cesspools, pits and leaching systems as soon as
possible

SOURCE: American Red Cross

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2004 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              780 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Taber Times

                          February 22, 2017 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

From The Past

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 369  words


10 Years Ago From The TIMES of February 21, 2007 Since the Town of Taber is
concerned about how the Canadian Alberta Municipal Rural Infrastructure Fund is
taking more time than expected to decide whether the town will receive funding,
council is choosing to look elsewhere for assistance.

Council is supporting a grant application under the Alberta Municipal Water and
Wastewater Program, and is requesting maximum funding assistance for the
proposed Wastewater Treatment Plant.

? ? ? 20 Years Ago From the TIMES of February 19, 1997 Sugar beet growers are
pushing to increase their beet production in southern Alberta. Alberta Sugar
Beet Growers Marketing Board general manager Bruce Webster said growers would
like to expand their crop.

Negotiations are currently underway between Roger's Sugar and the board on the
possibility of increasing the factory's consumption.

? ? ? It has been talked about, agreed to and budgeted for. All that remains is
for council to approve the final decision. Following that, Taber could have two
full-time Emergency Medical Technicians available to handle the professional end
of the town's ambulance service.

? ? ? 30 Years Ago From the TIMES of February 18, 1987 Wanda Golda was named
Senior Citizen of the Year at the annual Heritage Day banquet.

? ? ? The Taber Public School Board endorsed the concept of a smoke-free
environment. This would include teachers, visitors, support staff and students.

? ? ? 40 Years Ago From the TIMES of February 23, 1977 Dr. Donald R. Hamilton,
president of the Taber Exhibition Association, in a letter to town council, has
raised objections to what he says is an encroachment by the town on land set
aside many years ago for the Taber Rodeo.

? ? ? 50 Years Ago From the TIMES of February 22, 1977 A special meeting of the
council of the Town of Taber approved two recommendations presented by Eric
Leigh and Omer Malo, one for public housing and the other for a crosswalk over
the CPR tracks.

? ? ? 60 Years Ago From the TIMES of February 28, 1967 Plans for the proposed
new fire hall for Taber were viewed at Monday's meeting of the Taber town
council, and the architect advised the use of the site on 53rd Street and 50th
Avenue for the building.

? ? ?

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2017 The Taber Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              781 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 29, 2016 Friday

Washington: Federal assistance hits $72 million for West Virginia flood
survivors

LENGTH: 872  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Federal Emergency Management Agency has issued the following news
release:



 Seventy-two million dollars in federal disaster assistance have been approved
to date for survivors of the June 22-29 severe storms, flooding, landslides and
mudslides. The aid comes to West Virginia as a result of the major disaster
declaration signed by President Obama on June 25.





 The money has come to survivors in the form of Federal Emergency Management
Agency (FEMA) grants to individuals and households; FEMA public assistance
grants to local governments and nonprofit organizations; low-interest disaster
loans from the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA), and claims paid by the
National Flood Insurance Program (NFIP).



 Nearly five weeks into the recovery, FEMA has approved nearly $29.8 million in
housing assistance, more than $5.4 million in other needs assistance and $1.43
million in public assistance. In addition, the SBA approved 426 low-interest
disaster loans totaling more than $27.9 million, and 939 NFIP claims have been
filed totaling more than $7.5 million in payouts.



 A total of 8,034 households and businesses have applied to FEMA for disaster
assistance. Individual disaster assistance grants for homeowners, renters and
businesses affected are available to residents of 12 counties: Clay, Fayette,
Greenbrier, Jackson, Kanawha, Lincoln, Monroe, Nicholas, Pocahontas, Roane,
Summers, and Webster.



 Disaster assistance for individuals may include grants to help homeowners and
renters with temporary housing, essential home repairs, personal property
replacement, and serious disaster-related needs. Disaster assistance grants from
FEMA are not taxable income and will not affect eligibility for Social Security,
Medicare and other federal and state programs. Grants do not have to be repaid
to the federal government.



 Public assistance grants are available in Braxton, Gilmer, Lewis, Randolph,
Upshur and Wayne counties and are also available in the 12 individual assistance
counties. FEMA Public Assistance Grants provide funding to state, tribal and
local governments, and certain types of private, nonprofit organizations. These
monies help communities quickly respond to and recover from major disasters or
emergencies declared by the president.



 FEMA-contracted housing inspectors have completed nearly 6,400 inspections of
disaster-damaged properties to verify damage.



 Registering with FEMA is the first step in qualifying for disaster assistance.
Aug. 24 is the last day for survivors to file an application. FEMA encourages
all survivors who sustained disaster-related damage or losses to apply by phone
(voice, 711 or relay service) at 800-621-3362 (TTY users should call
800-462-7585) or online at DisasterAssistance.gov . The toll-free lines are open
7 a.m. to 10 p.m. seven days a week. Multilingual operators are available.



 In support of the State of West Virginia, 89 Disaster Survivor Assistance (DSA)
personnel have been canvassing storm-damaged neighborhoods. In the first 30 days
of recovery operations, DSA workers visited 15,720 homes in severely
storm-damaged neighborhoods. They are equipped to register survivors with FEMA
and answer their questions about disaster assistance.



 The State and FEMA operate Disaster Recovery Centers (DRCs) in Clay,
Greenbrier, Kanawha, Monroe, Nicholas and Webster counties. The centers report
6,506 visitors to date.  DRCs  are  open  Monday  through  Saturday,  8 a.m. to
6 p.m. Closed Sundays. An easy-to-use DRC Locator is available at
http://asd.fema.gov/inter/locator/home.htm



 The SBA, one of FEMA's partners in disaster recovery, offers low-interest
disaster loans to businesses, homeowners and renters. SBA disaster loans may
cover repairs, rebuilding, as well as the cost of replacing lost or
disaster-damaged real estate and personal property. SBA has staff on hand at all
FEMA Disaster Recovery Centers (DRCs) to assist survivors, one-on-one.



 For more information about SBA loans, call SBA's Disaster Assistance Customer
Service Center at 800-659-2955, email disastercustomerservice@sba.gov, or visit
http://www.sba.gov/disaster.  TTY users may call 800-877-8339. Applicants may
also apply online using the Electronic Loan Application (ELA) via SBA 's secure
website at https://disasterloan.sba.gov/ela. The deadline to file an SBA
physical disaster loan application is Aug. 24.



 If your SBA loan application is approved, you may be eligible for additional
funds to cover the cost of improvements that will protect your property against
future damage. Examples of improvements can include something as simple as
elevating to the first floor utilities, water heaters and furnaces, sump pumps,
etc. Mitigation loan money would be in addition to the amount of the approved
loan, but may not exceed 20 percent of total amount of physical damage to real
property to a maximum of $200,000 for home loans.



 In addition, the SBA operates three Business Recovery Centers (BRCs) to enable
storm-impacted businesses to meet individually with SBA representatives and find
out how a low-interest disaster loan can help them recover.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              782 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                           November 5, 2015 Thursday

Washington: Reid Announces $13 Million In Federal Wastewater Funding For Storey
County

LENGTH: 279  words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Office of the Senator Harry Reid has issued the following news
release:



 Nevada Senator Harry Reid announced that the USDA has awarded $9 million in
grant funding and a $4 million loan to Storey County to improve its wastewater
infrastructure. The funding will go toward replacing more than 13 miles of sewer
lines in Virginia City and the failing community septic system in Gold Hill.





 &ldquo;Water and wastewater improvements provide a foundation for a clean
environment and economic growth in rural communities, especially in Nevada. This
funding will provide much-needed improvements for Storey County and play a role
in rural Nevada&rsquo;s continued growth,&rdquo; Reid said. &ldquo;I thank the
USDA and Secretary Vilsak for working with me on projects that improve the lives
of Nevadans. I will continue to ensure that Nevada has the 21st century
infrastructure it needs to expand opportunity throughout the Silver
State.&rdquo;



 In 2014, with the Senate under Democratic control, Senator Reid led the charge
in passing a multi-year Farm Bill, which included critical investments that
helped the USDA continue to fund rural development. The USDA is currently
providing $299 million to 88 projects throughout the United States in the Water
and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program and $15 million for 53 grants under
the Emergency Community Water Assistance Grant program. This latest grant and
loan announcement builds on the $7 million in funding the USDA provided to
replace Virginia City&rsquo;s wastewater treatment plant in 2013.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              783 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Hobart Mercury (Australia)

                             June 11, 2016 Saturday
                               HobartWrap Edition

TOGETHER WE WILL RECOVER

BYLINE: WILL HODGMAN

SECTION: WRAP; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 677  words


Premier WILL HODGMAN has a message for all Tasmanians

MY thoughts are with all the families and communities affected by catastrophic
floods throughout the state this week.

The loss of human life and the loss of homes, farms and businesses is truly
tragic. It is however when times are tough that Tasmanians come together, and we
have seen that this week in communities across the state.

The Government will do its bit and stand by Tasmanians through this disaster and
as our communities rebuild.

We acted quickly to make immediate emergency support available to affected
individuals and families.

Disaster assistance has also been activated through the jointly funded
Commonwealth-State Natural Disaster Relief and Recover Arrangements. This
provides help for personal hardship and distress, assistance to councils for
cleaning up and restoring damaged public assets, concessional loans for small
businesses and primary producers and grants for not-for-profit organisations.
Information on assistance can be found via the TasAlert website,
alert.tas.gov.au/floodrecovery or by phoning Service Tasmania on 1800 567 567.

The full extent of the flood damage is still being assessed, but it is clear
that the damage is significant. In addition to widespread clean-up efforts to
remove debris, there are roads, rail lines and bridges that need repairing.

State Growth is working with transport providers to re-route around bridge and
road closures. Over the coming days and weeks there will be a focus on getting
remaining roads and bridges reopened as quickly as can safely occur.

Tasrail is also working hard to assess and repair damage to rail lines, with
members of the public urged to stay away from all rail corridors and rail
bridges at this time.

The true extent of the impact on livestock numbers is also still being revealed
and assessment teams will be working closely with the TFGA over coming days and
weeks.

I was able to visit many of the affected regions this week.

I heard harrowing stories first-hand from farmers about how their lives and
livelihoods have been torn apart and changed forever. These are proud,
hardworking men and women and their losses are heartbreaking. We will stand by
them.

Farmers endured the driest spring and summer on record and then many dairy
farmers were hit by lower milk prices. Some of these dairy farmers have now lost
significant numbers of milking cows or had their dairies flooded and other vital
farm infrastructure destroyed.

Apart from the physical losses of outbuildings, fences and machinery, there has
been enormous mental anguish from farmers who nurtured and cared for their
animals only to see them swept away.

The extent of the floods, across several river systems and 18 municipalities,
tested our emergency services but they all stepped up and performed brilliantly.

OUR deepest gratitude goes to police, the State Emergency Service, Tasmania Fire
Service, Tasmania Ambulance Service, health professionals and the many
volunteers who have battled dangerous and trying conditions to protect
communities and conduct search- and-rescue operations.

To also hear stories about strangers banding together in Launceston to help
sandbag and save properties is really heartening. In times of crisis that
community spirit shines through.

And, still on a positive note, Launceston's rebuilt flood levees passed their
first major test.

The levee upgrade was a major technical undertaking by the Launceston Flood
Authority and has successfully protected thousands of homes and businesses in
Invermay. This has proven to be a wise and prudent investment.

In the coming days the flood waters will recede and there will be a massive
clean-up effort and no one should underestimate the magnitude of the task ahead.

I urge people to remain vigilant because the floodwaters still pose a risk,
including the health hazard of contaminated water.There will be significant
challenges, but Tasmanians have proven their resilience and community spirit in
the past and we will work together to help our communities return to normal as
soon as possible.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Hobart Mercury


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              784 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 23, 2017 Monday

Governor Cuomo Announces $662.9 Million for Drinking Water and Wastewater
Treatment Systems

LENGTH: 1502  words

DATELINE: New York



 Albany: New York State Department of Public Service has issued the following
document (news):

  Governor Andrew M. Cuomo today announced the New York State Environmental
Facilities Corporation Board of Directors approved $662.9 million in grants and
interest-free and low-cost loans to support vital wastewater and drinking water
infrastructure projects. This funding complements Governor Cuomo's State of the
State proposal to invest a record $2 billion in critical water infrastructure
across New York with the Clean Water Infrastructure Act of 2017.





 "This funding will help communities across New York replace and expand their
water infrastructure, helping to lay the foundation for future growth and
prosperity," Governor Cuomo said. "These investments support the vitality of
these regions and help create a stronger, healthier New York."



 Municipal demand for Environmental Facilities Corporation financial assistance
is higher than ever, in part due to the renewed focus on water infrastructure
issues and because of the enactment of the Water Infrastructure Improvement Act
of 2015. In 2016, the Act was amended to double the available grant funds from
$200 million to $400 million. Even with these increased funds, demand is
outpacing supply.



 Recognizing this demand, Governor Cuomo's 2017-18 Executive Budget will invest
an unprecedented $2 billion in clean water infrastructure and water quality
protection.



 The approved projects, receiving a combination of grants and loans, include:



 Capital Region



     Town of Ballston (Saratoga County) - $11 million ($2.6 million NYS Water
Grant and $8.4 in low- and interest-free loan) to finance costs associated with
the planning, design and construction of a Wastewater Collection System
including individual grinder pumps, to replace onsite septic systems along the
shores of Ballston Lake and a new pump station to convey flow to Saratoga County
interceptor sewer.

     City of Schenectady (Schenectady County) - $24 million ($5 million NYS
Water Grant, a $15 million zero-interest loan, and $4 million from other
sources) to finance costs associated with the planning, design and construction
of the Sanitary Sewer Overflow Mitigation & Improvements Project.



 Central New York



     Village of Hamilton (Madison County) - $13.5 million to finance costs
associated with the planning, design and construction of a series of
improvements to upgrade the existing Village of Hamilton Wastewater Treatment
Plant.

     City of Oswego (Oswego County) - $5.9 million ($1.4 million NYS Water
Grant, and a $4.5 million interest-free loan) to finance costs associated with
the planning, design and construction of improvements to the City of Oswego's
West Side sanitary sewer system.

     City of Oswego (Oswego County) -- $9.5 million ($2.2 million NYS Water
Grant and a $7.3 million interest-free loan) to finance costs associated with
the planning, design and construction of the City of Oswego's West Side Sewer
Separation project.



 Western New York



     Buffalo Sewer Authority (Erie County) - $14.2 million to finance costs
associated with the planning, design and construction of Combined Sewer.
Overflow Abatement Projects.



 North Country



     Village of Clayton (Jefferson County) - $6.2 million ($3 million NYS Water
Grant, and a $3.2 million interest-free loan) to finance costs associated with
the upgrade of the Village's existing aging water system. These upgrades
include, but are not limited to: pump and control replacements, filter
replacements, recoating of the storage tank and replacement of distribution
mains.

     Village of Gouverneur (St. Lawrence County) - $1.6 million to finance costs
associated with the planning, design and construction of the Village of
Gouverneur's Dorwin Street Sanitary Sewer Connector and Combined Sewer
Separation project.



 Mid-Hudson



     Village of Cornwall-on-Hudson (Orange County) - A $1.7 million low-interest
loan to finance costs associated with increasing the Village's well capacity to
accommodate the shutdown of the Catskill Aqueduct, and to serve the future
demands of the Village of Cornwall-on-Hudson.

     Town of Fallsburg (Sullivan County) - A $16.4 million interest-free loan to
refinance the prior short-term loan, and $5 million to finance additional costs
for collection system improvements, and to extend the financing maturity date.

     City of Kingston (Ulster County) - $3.4 million ($2 million NYS Water grant
and a $1.4 million low-interest loan) to finance costs related to the
installation of new water transmission mains, replacement valves for isolation
and flow control, and the installation of structural lining at vulnerable
locations. The project includes various locations in the Towns of Woodstock,
Kingston, and Ulster, New York

     Village of Wappingers Falls (Dutchess County) - $7 million ($3 million NYS
Water grant and a $4 million low-interest loan) to finance costs related to the
replacement of existing water distribution mains, along with associated
hydrants, valves and water service connections on select streets within the
Village. Repair and replacement of roadway, sidewalk and curbing in the existing
streets in the Village where sewer main and water main work is taking place; and
construction of a new water storage tank with a volume of up to 1,000,000
gallons.



 New York City



     New York City Municipal Water Finance Authority - $370 million to finance
the costs associated with 13 projects

     New York City Municipal Water Finance Authority - $177.1 million
low-interest loan to finance work associated with the design and construction of
the Croton Filtration Plant, which is designed to have maximum capacity of 290
MGD.

         The Croton Water Supply is the oldest and smallest of the three systems
(Croton, Catskill, and Delaware) that provide drinking water to New York City
and upstate communities. The Croton System reservoirs provide a storage capacity
of 86.6 billion gallons, with a safe yield of 240 million gallons per day, "or
approximately 10 percent of the City's average daily demand of 1.4 billion
gallons per day.



 Mohawk Valley



     Village of Schoharie (Schoharie County) - $868,697 ($289,569 in Federal
Emergency Management Agency funds, $9,407 in insurance money and a $569,721
low-interest loan) to finance costs associated with repairs, reconstruction and
debris removal/cleanup at the Village of Schoharie' s wastewater treatment plant
and collection facilities

     Village of Schoharie (Schoharie County) -- $522,048 ($410,132 in Federal
Emergency Management Agency Funds, $40,112 in insurance money, and a $71,804
low-interest loan) to finance costs to reconstruct the Fox Creek pump station
and repair of the Dugan Hill water supply transmission main. The project also
includes new water meters throughout the Village.



 Sabrina Ty, President & CEO of the Environmental Facilities Corporation said,
"Under Governor Cuomo, New York has made an unprecedented commitment to
municipal drinking water and wastewater infrastructure These projects not only
protect the environment, they support jobs. The Clean Water Infrastructure Act
of 2017, coupled with EFC's ongoing assistance to New York State's communities,
will strengthen infrastructure and support municipalities that are undertaking
vital water-quality protection projects at the lowest possible cost."



 DEC Commissioner Basil Seggos said, "Governor Cuomo recognizes the link between
New York's aging water infrastructure and the economic vitality of our
communities, particularly in upstate New York. In addition to the Environmental
Facilities Corporation's grants and loans announced today, the Governor's
historic investments in the 2017-18 executive budget will transform these
challenges into opportunities for communities by creating good paying jobs for
local residents.New York invests more to protect water quality and update water
infrastructure than any other state in the nation. Through grants and innovative
programs, Governor Cuomo is making it easier for localities to make critical
upgrades that ensure their water systems are providing New Yorkers with safe
water for drinking and recreation."



 DOH Commissioner Dr. Howard Zucker said, "New York communities rely upon strong
infrastructure for their clean drinking water and proper wastewater disposal.
The Governor's Clean Water Infrastructure Act of 2017 will expand upon today's
investment, while creating a national model for the protection of water. This
funding represents Governor Cuomo's continued commitment to the preservation of
water supplies throughout the state, in support of a healthier New York."



 The Environmental Facilities Corporation invests over $800 million each year to
fund water quality improvements through New York's Clean Water State Revolving
Fund and Drinking Water State Revolving Fund, the largest and most active
revolving loan funds in the nation.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              785 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      AUGUST 11, 1999 Wednesday SF EDITION

N.J. IS DECLARED A FARM DISASTER AREA FARMERS ARE ELIGIBLE FOR LOW-INTEREST
FEDERAL LOANS. PA. SEEKS SUCH RELIEF

BYLINE: Suzette Parmley, INQUIRER TRENTON BUREAU

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1138 words

DATELINE: TRENTON


With crop losses spiraling upward and a growing sense of urgency throughout the
region, the U.S. Department of Agriculture yesterday declared New Jersey a farm
disaster area. Farmers in 10 Pennsylvania counties also became eligible for
federal low-interest loans.

The declaration came one week after Gov. Whitman and members of the New Jersey
congressional delegation appealed to U.S. Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman for
a statewide disaster designation.

On Monday, Gov. Ridge asked Glickman for the same designation for Pennsylvania.
The state's two Republican senators and the state agriculture secretary met with
farmers near Hershey yesterday, and said they were confident the state would
qualify for federal relief.

"The question is what form is that assistance going to take, and that's really
what the battle is ahead of us," said U.S. Sen. Rick Santorum, who met with the
farmers along with U.S. Sen. Arlen Specter, Pennsylvania Agriculture Secretary
Samuel Hayes Jr., and U.S. Rep. George Gekas (R., Pa.).

Connecticut, Maryland, Ohio and Virginia also are seeking farm-disaster
designations.

While Delaware has not requested the designation, Gov. Thomas Carper declared a
drought emergency Thursday in the northern part of the state, which means
mandatory water-use restrictions are in effect. The southern portion is under a
drought warning, and residents there are being asked to conserve water
voluntarily.

With the growing number of states enduring drought conditions, President Clinton
last week announced the formation of a task force to help coordinate efforts
nationally to tackle the crisis.

"This has been a devastating year for farmers all over the Northeast," Glickman
said while touring a family farm in Romulus, N.Y., where he made yesterday's
declaration. "They've been hit with a double whammy - a horrible drought on top
of record-low farm prices."

Glickman also declared 34 counties in New York agricultural disaster areas
yesterday. The decree also allows farmers in counties bordering on the region to
obtain the emergency low-interest loans. As a result, farmers in 10 Pennsylvania
border counties qualified for drought-relief loans yesterday. The counties on
the list were Bucks, Delaware, Monroe, Northampton, Philadelphia, Pike,
Bradford, Potter, Susquehanna and Tioga.

Last week, Glickman issued a similar declaration for West Virginia, which also
allowed four counties in southwest Pennsylvania - Beaver, Fayette, Greene and
Washington - to qualify.

With the disaster designation, farmers in New Jersey are eligible for assistance
programs under the USDA's Farm Service Agency. They have eight months to apply
for emergency, low-interest loans of up to $500,000 to help cover some of their
production and labor losses.

To be eligible for the loans, farmers must have suffered at least a 30 percent
loss in production in a single crop, be able to repay the loan and any other
loans, be unable to obtain credit elsewhere, and have adequate security.

Of New Jersey's 21 counties, 19 had sufficient production losses to warrant the
designation, according to state officials. Farmers in the two adjoining counties
- Hudson and Union - also are eligible for the loans.

A preliminary assessment by the state Agriculture Department last week estimated
that nearly 406,000 acres on more than 7,000 farms throughout New Jersey had
sustained crop losses of between 30 percent and 100 percent, at a cost exceeding
$80 million.

Assembly Speaker Jack Collins (R., Salem) and Assemblyman Jack Gibson (R.,
Atlantic) said last week that they would introduce legislation in the fall to
provide $15 million in loans and grants to aid New Jersey farmers.

New Jersey's secretary of agriculture, Arthur Brown, said farmers would need
more from the federal government than loans.

"Certainly, I am very happy with the turnaround time to get this request through
because it's extremely important for the agriculture community," Brown said
yesterday. "The loan program is certainly nice and can be utilized by farmers to
a certain extent to restructure their debt. But some are already so heavily in
debt because of two back-to-back drought seasons. For this group, additional
debt is not the answer."

Mike Maccarone, 38, a Swedesboro vegetable farmer, echoed Brown's concerns. The
drought, he said, has nearly wiped him out financially.

Loan assistance "is just not going to do it for a lot of people," Maccarone
said. "It is something, but it is still a loan. You still have to pay it back,
and in years like this, there is no profit to pay it back with."

Maccarone, who farms tomatoes, pickles, peppers, squash and cucumbers on 300
acres, said he had turned a small profit on tomatoes, which came in early - but
that was about it.

"If it wasn't for that, we wouldn't be able to pay our bills," he said. "Squash
and cucumbers didn't sell for anything this year. You can barely give the stuff
away. We've never seen a drought like this - ever."

Whitman yesterday sought help from Congress to include emergency-aid grants for
crop losses in the $7.4 billion Agriculture Department appropriations bill,
which passed the Senate and will be taken up by the House in the fall. The bill
is geared to aid farmers in several mid-Atlantic states but does not include
financial relief for farmers in New Jersey.

"Unfortunately, this traditional disaster assistance cannot adequately respond
to this year's unexpected economic impact on New Jersey's farm families and
agricultural industry," Whitman wrote to House Speaker J. Dennis Hastert (R.,
Ill.).

Democratic Sens. Frank Lautenberg and Robert Torricelli are also appealing to
colleagues in Washington to provide emergency grants for New Jersey in the
federal bill.

Late yesterday, Santorum visited a 600-acre farm in Nockamixon Township, Upper
Bucks County, with State Sen. Joseph Conti (R., Bucks) to make a pitch for
grants and direct cash payments to Pennsylvania farmers.

"Disaster cash assistance is still an open question," Santorum said as a light
rain fell on the withered cornfield where he stood. "I think that we will have a
disaster-assistance bill coming out of Congress that will include money for
low-interest loans, but the last thing Pennsylvania farmers need is more loans."

FOR MORE INFORMATION To qualify for federal assistance, farmers should contact
their regional office of the U.S. Department of Agriculture Farm Service Agency.
In Burlington, Camden and Ocean Counties, call 609-267-1639. In Cumberland,
Atlantic and Cape May Counties, call 609-205-1225. In Salem and Gloucester
Counties, call 609-769-1126.

* Inquirer staff writer Lacy McCrary and suburban staff writer Melody McDonald
contributed to this article. It also contains information from the Associated
Press.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1999 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              786 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Post-Bulletin (Rochester, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            September 9, 2007 Sunday

Pawlenty puts $32 million into state flood relief; special session talk
continues

BYLINE: Matthew Stolle, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 632 words


Sep. 9--Gov. Tim Pawlenty on Friday announced a package of flood relief aid for
communities in southeastern Minnesota totaling $32 million.

The $32 million was redirected from existing state programs and was made by
executive order.

Pawlenty made the announcement Friday and anticipated concerns that the amount
wouldn't be enough.

"This is simply a first step that we believe will be helpful in providing
additional relief to the region," Pawlenty said.

The money reallocated by Pawlenty comes from a range of state programs and would
be applied for a variety of purposes, including forgivable loans to homeowners,
funds to rebuild and repair damage to Whitewater State Park and Root River Trail
and money for reconstruction of stormwater infrastructure in the region.

Progress also was apparently made in talks leading to a special legislative
session. Pawlenty said he had received a proposal from DFL legislative leaders
that he characterized as a positive step, but said there were still some blanks
that had to be filled in, such as the amount of money legislators proposed to
spend on flood relief. One figure bandied about has been $100 million.

Pawlenty acknowledged that money redirected by him would have limited
application for businesses, who have grown desperate in the wake of the flood.
Pawlenty said legislative action would have to be taken to give government the
latitude to provide public funding for retail businesses.

Before the announcement, one DFL legislator said Pawlenty's approach would
likely amount to little more than a "Band-Aid" solution and fall short of
meeting the needs of homeowners, businesses and local governments stricken by
last month's flooding.

Where the money comes from

Here's a breakdown of where the state's relief money would come from, and how it
could be used:

--$16 million: Minnesota Housing Finance -- The funds can be used for loans to
rehabilitate damaged homes and apartments, new construction, and for mortgage
down-payment assistance. State assistance will help address gaps in federal
assistance from the Small Business Administration and FEMA.

--$5.2 million: Department of Employment and Economic Development -- This
funding will provide grants and loans to local units of government to rebuild
flood damaged public and private facilitates.

--$4.6 million: Department of Natural Resources -- DNR will use the funds to
begin repairing trails, roads and infrastructure in Whitewater State Park, on
the Root River State Trail, and in state forests. The agency will also begin
making stream and bank improvements required because of flood damage and severe
erosion.

--$3.3 million: Minnesota Pollution Control Agency -- These will be used to
assist in the reconstruction of storm-water infrastructure in the region.

--$2.2 million: Department of Agriculture -- Money will be available for a
variety of disaster loan and grant programs, which are targeted assistance to
individuals, businesses, and local units of government to help pay for the
replacement of rural sceptic systems, the repair of feedlots, cleanup and
removal of debris, lost seed, repair of machinery, and the loss of feed and
livestock.

--$500,000: Department of Commerce -- Funds will be available for emergency
energy assistance for income-qualified residents of southeastern Minnesota,
especially for the repair or replacement of damaged furnaces and boilers.

To see more of the Post-Bulletin, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.postbulletin.com. Copyright (c) 2007, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20070909-RC-Pawlenty-puts-32-million-into-state-flood-relief-special-session-tal
k-continues-0909

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RC


                          Copyright 2007 Post-Bulletin


                              787 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Post-Bulletin (Rochester, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 8, 2007 Saturday

Pawlenty puts $32 million into state flood relief; special session talk
continues

BYLINE: Matthew Stolle, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 632 words


Sep. 8--Gov. Tim Pawlenty on Friday announced a package of flood relief aid for
communities in southeastern Minnesota totaling $32 million.

The $32 million was redirected from existing state programs and was made by
executive order.

Pawlenty made the announcement Friday and anticipated concerns that the amount
wouldn't be enough.

"This is simply a first step that we believe will be helpful in providing
additional relief to the region," Pawlenty said.

The money reallocated by Pawlenty comes from a range of state programs and would
be applied for a variety of purposes, including forgivable loans to homeowners,
funds to rebuild and repair damage to Whitewater State Park and Root River Trail
and money for reconstruction of stormwater infrastructure in the region.

Progress also was apparently made in talks leading to a special legislative
session. Pawlenty said he had received a proposal from DFL legislative leaders
that he characterized as a positive step, but said there were still some blanks
that had to be filled in, such as the amount of money legislators proposed to
spend on flood relief. One figure bandied about has been $100 million.

Pawlenty acknowledged that money redirected by him would have limited
application for businesses, who have grown desperate in the wake of the flood.
Pawlenty said legislative action would have to be taken to give government the
latitude to provide public funding for retail businesses.

Before the announcement, one DFL legislator said Pawlenty's approach would
likely amount to little more than a "Band-Aid" solution and fall short of
meeting the needs of homeowners, businesses and local governments stricken by
last month's flooding.

Where the money comes from

Here's a breakdown of where the state's relief money would come from, and how it
could be used:

--$16 million: Minnesota Housing Finance -- The funds can be used for loans to
rehabilitate damaged homes and apartments, new construction, and for mortgage
down-payment assistance. State assistance will help address gaps in federal
assistance from the Small Business Administration and FEMA.

--$5.2 million: Department of Employment and Economic Development -- This
funding will provide grants and loans to local units of government to rebuild
flood damaged public and private facilitates.

--$4.6 million: Department of Natural Resources -- DNR will use the funds to
begin repairing trails, roads and infrastructure in Whitewater State Park, on
the Root River State Trail, and in state forests. The agency will also begin
making stream and bank improvements required because of flood damage and severe
erosion.

--$3.3 million: Minnesota Pollution Control Agency -- These will be used to
assist in the reconstruction of storm-water infrastructure in the region.

--$2.2 million: Department of Agriculture -- Money will be available for a
variety of disaster loan and grant programs, which are targeted assistance to
individuals, businesses, and local units of government to help pay for the
replacement of rural sceptic systems, the repair of feedlots, cleanup and
removal of debris, lost seed, repair of machinery, and the loss of feed and
livestock.

--$500,000: Department of Commerce -- Funds will be available for emergency
energy assistance for income-qualified residents of southeastern Minnesota,
especially for the repair or replacement of damaged furnaces and boilers.

To see more of the Post-Bulletin, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.postbulletin.com. Copyright (c) 2007, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20070908-RC-Pawlenty-puts-32-million-into-state-flood-relief-special-session-tal
k-continues-0908

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RC


                          Copyright 2007 Post-Bulletin


                              788 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                            November 7, 2004 Sunday
                               CHARLOTTE EDITION

IRS: Some FEMA grants taxable;
Legislators are working to change the law before residents are hit with high tax
bills and audits.

BYLINE: By PATRICK WHITTLE patrick.whittle@heraldtribune.com

SECTION: B SECTION; Pg. BCE1

LENGTH: 659 words

DATELINE: CHARLOTTE COUNTY


A recent Internal Revenue Service decision could make rebuilding more expensive
for hurricane victims who apply for special federal grant programs that are
intended to make communities less vulnerable to a disaster.

The agency ruled in June that it will treat certain Federal Emergency Management
Agency grants -- the ones used to make homes and businesses safer when a
disaster strikes -- as taxable income.

The ruling applies to a number of FEMA grant programs, called mitigation grants,
designed to make homes safer with improvements like safe-rooms or stilts. The
grants can also be used to relocate homes or buy out properties that are in
dangerous areas, like flood plains.

The federal government is prepared to pay more than $300 million in mitigation
grants to hurricane victims this year. FEMA officials say the grants are a key
part of the agency's strategy to make counties like Charlotte safer the next
time a hurricane hits.

But the taxation punishes residents for trying to make their homes safer, U.S.
Rep. Mark Foley said. Also, calling the grants taxable income could bump
residents into higher tax brackets, and leave them on the hook with bills they
can't pay, he said.

The IRS made the change at FEMA's request. The agency found that federal laws
treat the mitigation grants like improvements to private property, so they must
be considered taxable income.

The ruling does not apply to FEMA grants given to homeowners to repair homes to
their pre-hurricane condition.

Foley, R-Palm Beach, has introduced a law that would ban taxes on federal
disaster mitigation grants. He hopes to get it pushed through quickly, because
the taxes could have heavy consequences for hurricane victims.

With tax season just a couple of months off, Foley is confident he can get the
law passed this winter.

"This is not something where they are going to be able to turn around and sell
their property for massive profit because the government gave them some money
for part of a roof," Foley said.

Residents apply for mitigation grants through their local city or county.

If a high number of Charlotte residents apply, it will be a first.

Charlotte County has only undertaken one such project in recent history, county
Emergency Management Director Wayne Sallade said. In 2001, the county got a
grant to buy a home on Riverside Drive that had been subject to chronic
flooding.

Charlotte is one of 26 Florida counties which plan to apply for $80 million in
mitigation grants designated for Hurricane Charley victims.

Charlotte will likely apply to use that money to reinforce important public
buildings, not private residences, county officials have said.

County Commissioner Adam Cummings said he is skeptical that efforts to make
homes hurricane-proof will work.

"I'm just not a real big believer that you can build a structure that is going
to withstand a huge hurricane that comes through," Cummings said. "Putting it on
stilts ain't gonna do it."

FEMA has not determined the total amount of mitigation money it will make
available. The largest amount, from a program called the hazard mitigation grant
program, will be 7.5 percent of the total amount FEMA pays out in disaster
assistance.

That could easily total more than $300 million for Florida hurricane victims,
FEMA officials said.

Additionally, FEMA's flood mitigation assistance program is budgeted for about
$2.6 million in Florida. That program is for properties that have been flooded
more than twice.

Another program, the agency's predisaster mitigation program, received about
$150 million this year. That is a competitive program that governments across
the country can apply for on behalf of residents.

David Conrad, senior water resources specialist with the National Wildlife
Federation, said his agency is lobbying for Foley's law to pass.

The taxes "would mean virtually any private sector people or industry would be
precluded from taking these grants," he said. "And that would hurt the whole
community."

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.


                              789 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 December 17, 1991, TUESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

BLOCK-GRANT MAKES ST. LOUIS LIVABLE

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 1547 words


The recent Post-Dispatch series by Phil Linsalata and Tim Novak unfairly
criticized the city's Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) spending
priorities. By interjecting naive ideological assumptions and sensationalist
tactics, Linsalata and Novak have managed to find fault with practically all
CDBG activities.  This is ridiculous and is ironically more typical of the
shallowness inflicted on urban problems by Washington bureaucrats than by
Post-Dispatch reporters.  The series misstepped immediately by mischaracterizing
the CDBG program as a poverty program. Created under Title I of the Housing and
Community Development Act of 1974, the block grant pro gram replaced eight
former categorical programs: urban renewal programs, model cities supplemental
grants, neighborhood development program grants, open space grants, urban
beautification grants, historic preservation grants, public facilities loans and
water, sewer and neighborhood facilities grants.  The primary objective of the
CDBG program is to develop livable cities.  Yes, 70 percent of CDBG funds must
be spent to benefit low- and moderate-income families, and the city of St. Louis
has consistently and proudly fulfilled this requirement.  However, St. Louis
also has had to find ways to meet the funding needs created when the federal
programs listed above were abandoned. Those programs weren't focused solely on
the poor, and neither should all of the city's efforts.  It is important to
maintain a mix of family-income levels in the city. We must have stable and
viable urban communities for all city residents.  Growing families, of all
income levels, should not have to move away from their schools, churches and
friends just to find adequate and affordable housing, safe neighborhoods and
access to services and employment. No city, including St. Louis, can s urvive if
it is nothing more than the final repository of the poor and unemployed,
underemployed and undereducated.  Cities all around the nation have experienced
almost complete abandonment by the federal government. More and more
anti-poverty programs, once the responsibility of the federal government, now
fall to city governments, without the needed funds. Cities have become the final
safety net for the poor.  St. Louis has, over the years, used the CDBG
entitlement and other programs to do the best job possible to help the poor
without abandoning the middle class. Even though the CDBG is now the main source
of funds to support all the city's community and economic development needs and
responsibilities, the city spends most of its CDBG funds to benefit low-income
families.  The city's CDBG program has a significant social service component.
Stable neighborhoods require much more than bricks and mortar. Below are some
examples of CDBG spending for services for the poor.  Through its Adult Medicine
Program, the city provides more than 2,000 people with primary health-care
services each year. In 1990, more than 15, 740 patients were treated, including
3,488 home visits.  The CDBG program supports eight day-care centers, all
located in or near public housing developments. More than 590 children are
served.  The city provides congregate and home-delivered meals to senior
citizens.  In 1990, more than 79,104 group and 49,079 home-delivered meals went
to 763 senior citizens.  Educational, recreational and self-development
opportunities are provided at 15 neighborhood schools. Through this program in
1990, the Board of Education offered 2,173 classes, for a total enrollment of
17,821.  The CDBG program supports two adult social maintenance day-care centers
serving the frail elderly, minimizing the need to put them in institutions.
More than 13,310 client days were provided in 1990.  Through its community youth
recreation programs, the city provided sports activities to 1,599 young people,
team sport activities to 3,659 people, group work activities to 24,050 people,
meals to 12,522 people, support services to 1,014 people and special youth
programs to 250 people.  The city also provides counseling and support services
to abused women, disadvantaged women and women at risk of becoming child abusers
or neglectful parents. In 1990, more than 130 hours were spent on individual
counseling and 2,997 hours spent on group counseling.  Through two neighborhood
centers, in 1990 the city provided 1,403 families with U.S. Department of
Agriculture commodities, 6,331 families with surplus food, other emergency food
baskets to 222 families and health screening to 663 individuals.  The city's
CDBG program also has a significant housing program for low- and moderate-income
people.  The Housing Implementation Program provides rental housing through both
rehabilitation and new construction activities. Eighty-eight units of low-income
housing were completed in 1990. Another 118 units, funded in or before 1990, are
under construction. This represents a total CDBG investment of $5 million, which
leveraged an investment of an additional $11.5 million in private funds.  The
First Time Homebuyer Program assists low-income home buyers. In 1990, 187
families re ceived credit counseling, 22 gap loans were provided and assistance
was provided at 35 closings.  The Homeowner Assistance program provides loans
and grants for interior and exterior code enforcement repairs to low-income
homeowners. In 1990, 81 low-interest loans and 42 grants were made to low-income
homeowners.  The Senior Home Security Program provides minor repairs,
maintenance, safety and security to elderly and handicapped households. In 1990,
519 households were secured, 715 households received minor repairs and 1,045
homes were served with energy and weatherization improvements.  Supporting its
housing production activities, the city also funds numerous neighborhood
betterment and crime programs that help stabilize low- and moderate-income
neighborhoods.  The city also invests funds in its award-winning homeless
programs.  The city provides ongoing operating support for HOPE House, a
transitional shelter for 50 homeless families. This facility gives families an
opportunity to stay together as a unit while finding permanent housing,
employment and needed services.  The city provides emergency housing relocation
services to families who are facing homelessness due to violence, eviction
through code enforcement and fire or other natural disasters. In 1990, a total
of 475 individuals and 187 families were placed in shelters, child care was
provided to 8,146 children, 51 families were placed in permanent housing, 25
families in transitional housing, 159 individuals were provided with employment
counseling, 25 individuals found jobs and 61 families received relocation
payments.  Through its Housing Resource Center, the city has been able to use
CDBG funds to provide coordinated housing assistance to families at -risk of
homelessness. In 1990, the center prevented 126 families from eviction, placed
2,862 people in emergency shelters and helped 351 families relocate into stable
housing.  The city has also used other federal programs to help the poor.  The
Rental Rehabilitation Program provides grants to landlords to rehabilitate and
upgrade very-low-income rental properties. In 1990, rehabilitation was completed
on 49 units for very-low-income families.  Another 73 very-low-income units are
under construction. These activities represent a total investment of over $1.1
million in Rental Rehabilitation funds.  The city has received an entitlement
for Emergency Shelter Grants every year since the inception of the program in
1987. In 1990 alone, the city was able to secure funding for more than 930
emergency shelter beds.  In 1987, the city successfully competed for a
supplemental assistance for facilities that assist the homeless grant of
$621,000. These funds were used for counseling, homeless prevention and rental
assistance.  In 1987, the city successfully competed for a McKinney Act grant of
$2.3 million that is being used for counseling and case management of Hope
House, a transitional housing facility for families.  The city looks forward to
receiving an entitlement of more than $5.5 million through the new HOME
Investment in Affordable Housing Program in fiscal 1992. These funds will be
used solely for bricks and mortar of low-income housing.  With only a fraction
of the federal aid for the poor that existed before the Reagan-Bush era, it is
impossible for big cities to meet all the needs of the poor. This doesn't mean,
however, that we should forget about funding other crucial programs that assist
the middle class. A healthy St. Louis is one that is mixed socially, racially
and economically.  Without trying to help the middle class in St. Louis, we are
dooming the city to failure.  Vincent C. Schoemehl Jr.  Mayor St. Louis
Correction Because of a faulty facsimile transmission, a letter published Sunday
from Thomas M. Blumenthal, president of the American Civil Liberties Union of
Eastern Missouri, contained an error that changed the meaning of a sentence.  As
published, the sentence said: ''Let us hail the denial of that which is
fundamental to our lives.'' What Mr. Blumenthal wrote was: ''Let us halt the
denial of that which is fundamental to our lives.''

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1991 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              790 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Manning River Times

                           August 17, 2011 Wednesday

Community thank you DURING the week

BYLINE: Toni Bell

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 694 words


Community thank you DURING the week between Tuesday June 14 and Friday June 17,
the Manning Valley experienced its worst flood since 1978. The impact on our
communities was severe ? evacuations occurred, some villages and remote areas
were isolated for many days, public infrastructure and private property were
seriously damaged and our farming sector hit hard. To thank the many people who
assisted in various roles and capacities throughout the floods during both the
emergency response phase, and in the weeks following supported the recovery
phase, council is hosting a "community thank you". On behalf of our community we
cannot individually thank each and everyone for their efforts so this event is a
way to say thank you to all those who assisted in keeping our community safe and
getting our way of life back to normal following the floods. The "community
thank you" will be a barbecue in the Tea Rooms of the Taree ?

Wingham Race Club on Tuesday, August 30 between 5pm and 7pm. Anyone wishing to
attend should RSVP to Belinda Deane on 6592 5344 by August 25. Future of local
government discussions TOGETHER with our general manager, Gerard Josj, I'm at
Dubbo this week attending the Division of Local Government's "Destination 2036"
discussions which will explore the future for local government over the next
four years and the coming decades. This gathering of local government
representatives is the first of its kind at a State Government level and will
look at the key issues confronting our sector, including funding arrangements
and infrastructure renewal. I look forward to having input during these
discussions as the current arrangements have placed councils in a very
unsustainable position. VRA new rescue response vehicle ON Saturday morning I
attended the commissioning of a new rescue response vehicle for the Taree
Volunteer Rescue Association. This state of the art vehicle has been made
possible through some government grants as well as generous community support.
The VRA is totally run on the efforts of volunteers who not only carry out a
wide range of rescue operations and assist other emergency services but also are
actively involved in fundraising and administration to support their operations
and participate in many community events. For more than 30 years the Taree VRA
has served the Manning community performing thousands of hours of rescue
operations throughout the year and this new vehicle will assist greatly in
improving their rescue operations. RFS medal presentation ON Saturday afternoon
it was a pleasure to recognise the efforts of our Rural Fire Service volunteers
with a presentation of national medals and long service award medals. The
service these volunteers provide to our community is invaluable and whilst we
have been experiencing a very prolonged period of wet weather in the Manning we
may not realise that these volunteers in addition to their rural fire fighting
role also provide much needed assistance during disasters such as the recent
flood. During this event, Rural Fire Service personnel provided essential
assistance in the Coopernook, Harrington, Taree, Old Bar, Tinonee and Manning
Point areas assisting the SES by filling and delivering sandbags, transporting
displaced members of the public, helping recover vehicles from flood waters and
setting up emergency facilities to isolated communities and landowners. Support
Crazy Day TOMORROW is Crazy Day in Taree and I urge our local community to
support the many retailers participating in this big annual sale day. The retail
sector has been trading through some tough times recently and this Crazy Day
sale is an ideal opportunity to bag a bargain and support our local retail
sector. Tourism campaign launch IT was great to see the latest "Unlock the
Secrets" tourism campaign launched at the Manning Valley Visitors Centre on
Monday attended by councillors, tourism board members and many tourism partners.
With new features on the tourism website manningvalley.info, new TV commercials,
a stunning new visitors guide and bus advertising in Newcastle this latest
campaign continues to brand and market the Manning Valley ... naturally.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2011 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              791 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            January 4, 2011 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

Row over flood victims' relief

BYLINE: John Kerin, Matthew Cranston and Michaela Whitbourn

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1080 words


Prime Minister Julia Gillard has drawn fire from the opposition over a
tightening of eligibility for emergency cash handouts amid Queensland's
worsening flood crisis.

The floods have left 10 people dead, 200,000 affected in 22 towns and a damage
bill expected to top more than $1.5 billion, but Opposition Leader Tony Abbott
warned yesterday the federal government had made emergency relief payments of
$1000 harder for flood victims to get.

"It does seem like the criteria have been tightened up. Back in March people
were eligible for the $1000 Centrelink payments if they had been cut off [by
floodwater] for 24 hours . . . it seems now they are only eligible if their
homes have suffered major damage," Mr Abbott said in the flood-affected town of
Emerald.

"It could be something that is just the result of some snafu in the bureaucracy
. . . I'd hate to think the government has deliberately tightened up on
eligibility.''

Guidelines on the government's Disaster Assist website, from March 2010, said
that individuals isolated by floods from or in their dwellings for 24 hours or
more were eligible for the $1000 payments, though this was not included in a
December 2010 guideline revision.

Asked how the payments could be accessed, Ms Gillard said payment processing
staff were used to exercising understanding in disaster situations. But the
Prime Minister's office did not respond to queries on the Â­eligibility
requirements yesterday.

As an area the size of France and Germany combined was declared flood affected,
thousands Â­evacuated from their homes across the state to shelter in evacuation
centres, and small businesses, farms and coalmines left under water, Ms Gillard
and Queensland Premier Anna Bligh pledged additional assistance for stricken
individuals and businesses yesterday.

Large areas of wheat, chickpea, potato and cotton crops have been destroyed amid
predictions of a 35 per cent spike in the price of some fruit and vegetables for
consumers.

While rail lines have been cut, halting grain and other vital shipments,
companies including BHP Billiton, Rio Tinto, Xstrata and Peabody Energy Corp
have said they might not be able to fulfil contracted commodities deliveries
because of the impact of the floods.

As well as offering individuals $1000 each and $400 for each child in immediate
relief payments, Ms Gillard extended commonwealth assistance to householders by
offering a means-tested payment of up to $4980 to replace furniture and
Â­fittings and up to $13,800 to repair dwellings.

Farmers and small business operators will also be eligible for joint
commonwealth-state grants of up to $25,000 to be made available in 13 local
government areas including Barcaldine, Bundaberg, the Central Highlands,
Cherbourg, Lockyer Valley, North Burnett, Scenic Rim, Somerset and South
Burnett.

Concessional interest rate loans of up to $250,000 will be available for small
business operators and farmers in 23 local government areas.

Ms Gillard said the overall commonwealth funding relief package would total
"hundreds of millions of dollars''. She pledged the federal government would
work closely with the Queensland government to repair critical infrastructure.

"When the floodwaters recede we're going to see a lot of damage to roads,
bridges, schools and community facilities . . . we can't assess what that's
going to cost until we see the damage when floodwaters have receded,'' she said.

Ms Gillard said the government had not ruled out considering assistance for
coalminers and other larger businesses affected by the floods, though the
current package was aimed at smaller businesses and Â­primary producers.

"We do know that a number of mining operations have been affected by either
large amounts of water being in the pit of the mine itself or by supply routes
being cut so that commodities can no longer be got safely to market," Ms Gillard
said.

"For those bigger businesses, many of them have used what are called force
majeure clauses in their contracts; they're not able to keep up supply at this
time. Ordinarily, bigger businesses can find their way through recovering from
disaster situations, but we'll obviously be talking to those businesses as they
work through recovery. The assistance that I've outlined today is for smaller
businesses and primary producers.''

Queensland is Australia's largest coal-producing state and supplier of half the
world's coking coal for steel making. Growing Asian demand and disaster-induced
shortages will further push up coal prices and potentially trigger a global
steel shortage.

Providing an update on the flood crisis, Ms Gillard said some Queensland
communities were "going through the biggest floods'' they had seen.

"These are devastating floods, already 1600 homes have needed to be evacuated
and many thousands of businesses have been affected and we are still seeing
floodwaters rising in Rockhampton,'' Ms Gillard said.

Queensland Treasurer Andrew Â­Fraser said the true damage bill for the crisis
would not be known until the floodwaters receded but it was likely to top $1
billion. "Clearly we don't know what the damage bill will be at this early stage
as many areas of the state remain under water.

"It is likely though that the damage bill the state government will pay to
councils and to communities to help fix their roads, their water supplies and
other infrastructure that's been damaged will go into the hundreds and hundreds
of millions - in fact this is a damage bill that is likely to have B in front of
it - not an M,'' he said. Mr Fraser previously warned that the disaster would
have a big impact on the state's finances and he urged insurers to treat flood
victims fairly.

The military was rushing supplies to the flood-stricken city of Rockhampton
yesterday as water continued to rise, with a 9.4-metre flood peak expected to be
reached tomorrow, inundating up to 400 homes.

Ms Gillard said the military would use aircraft to fly in supplies if roads were
cut off, to feed the city's people.

Evacuation centres were expecting to have to cope with more than 1000 residents
in Rockhampton.

Grave fears were also held for the communities of Surat and St George to the
south of Rockhampton, with water still rising.

Clean-up operations are continuing in many towns already hit by floods,
including Emerald, Dalby and Chinchilla.

Ms Bligh recalled Queensland ministers from leave for an emergency cabinet
meeting yesterday to get an update on the crisis and begin the recovery and
rebuilding process.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FOUR PHOTOS: Disaster spreads ... mining dump trucks lie abandoned
underwater in Port Curtis, Rockhampton. Photo: CHRIS ISON. Clockwise from top,
Paul Barnes, Mandy Greene and their sons wade through floodwater in Rockhampton
yesterday; Queensland Premier Anna Bligh, left, talks with floodaffected
pineapple growers; Rockhampton is inundated. Photos: CHRIS ISON, AAP, JANIE
BARRETT

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2011 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              792 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Ottumwa Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 19, 2008 Saturday

City leaders take wish list to D.C.: Bridge, hospital items on list

BYLINE: Cindy Toopes, Ottumwa Courier, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1047 words


Apr. 19--OTTUMWA -- With a booklet of information in hand, city leaders will
start their talks with federal officials Monday afternoon in Washington, D.C.

Public Information Coordinator Tom Rodgers prepared the booklet, "Community
Issues," which will be distributed to federal officials.

The booklet includes information on wastewater treatment, city bridges,
alternative energy, U.S. Highway 63 South extension, City Hall renovation and
Ottumwa Airport update.

City leaders have a long wish list but they'll hit hard on two items -- sewers
and bridges.

The Ottumwa delegation includes City Administrator Joe Helfenberger, Mayor Dale
Uehling, Councilmen Gordon Aistrope and Bob Meyers, Public Works Director Larry
Seals, Finance Director Mike Heffernan and Engineering Consultants Ted Payseur
and Todd Penisten of Veenstra & Kimm, the firm that is working with the city on
infrastructure.

The delegation's first meeting will be Monday and the group will discuss sewer
issues with Attorney John Hall. The city is separating combined sewers,
eliminating combined sewer overflows to comply with federal and state regulatory
standards.

City officials have designed a 12-phase project that will deal with areas
affected by basement backups first, then lay infrastructure so the remainder of
the separated sewer system can hook into it.

The first five phases (2006-2019) cost about $51 million. Phase One ($8.9
million) has been completed and Phase Two ($6.3 million) has been let;
construction will begin in June. Design work on Phase Three is under way, and
construction has been scheduled for the summer of 2009.

Funding for the work to date has included nearly $5.8 million from the federal
State and Tribal Grant Program.

"Ottumwa wouldn't be as far along, this quickly, without federal assistance,"
Rodgers said. "We have also utilized $500,000 in Community Development Block
Grant funding."

Increasing sewer fees affects not only residential properties but also local
businesses that are heavy sewer users. Local "wet" industries will see an 87
percent increase in their sewer fees over the next 10 years.

City leaders will also request:

--Federal officials to continue STAG assistance.

--The Iowa congressional delegation to negotiate with EPA VII for a longer CSO
compliance schedule.

--Support for legislation like the Water Quality Financing Act that funds Clean
Water State Revolving Funds (SRF) nationwide. The loans have a zero percent
interest rate.

--Continued support for CDBG funds.

Bridge needs

Bridges are also a major concern for the city. Built in 1971, the Market Street
bridge needs re-decked. The bridge has been reduced to 13 tons gross vehicle
weight, which means city buses, loaded trucks and fire engines can't use it.

The Market Street bridge is on the Iowa Department of Transportation's funding
list for up to $1 million. Current estimate for repairs is $2.7 million. The
city's Capital Improvements Program can't support a project of that size.

The Jefferson Street Viaduct is in the National Registry of Historic Place; its
span of 2,120 feet is the longest in the state, Rodgers said.

The bridge has plate separation and delamination of the superstructure, which
needs more evaluation. Two inspections cost $44,000, and repairs are estimated
at $200,000.

The city has 18 other smaller bridges. Three of them -- located at Davis, Ray
and Milner streets -- are critical because they're along the Jefferson Drainage
Ditch on the city's south side.

Making needed repairs and upgrades to keep these bridges open will require about
$1 million.

ORHC need

Mary Kay Henderson of Ottumwa Regional Health Foundation will seek help with
bedside ultrasound, which is a standard of care practice for emergency
departments.

Rodgers said bedside ultrasound is a more compact and mobile technology that
allows emergency room staff to evaluate patients at a much faster rate.

Other wishes

Also on the city's list are:

--Alternative energy: The city is looking for a way to turn municipal solid
waste into energy instead of putting it in the landfill. Doing this would
increase the landfill's life; produce a synthetic gas for sale and additional
income; and help alleviate the problem of Ottumwa Airport's runway being too
close to the landfill.

--U.S. Highway 63 South extension: City officials want both Iowa and Missouri to
build each state's portion and link up at the border. This would connect with
the Des Moines-Burlington four-lane.

--City Hall renovation: Built in 1912 as a federal post office, City Hall
continues to crumble. About $607,000 is needed to renovate and to make the
entrance handicapped accessible.

--Airport: City leaders want to maintain the federal cost-share participation at
95 percent federal with a 5 percent local match. They also want support for an
air service subsidy and for aviation growth without "user fees."

Cindy Toopes can be reached at (641) 683-5376 or via e-mail at
cindy@ottumwacourier.com

Schedule for city leaders

OTTUMWA -- City leaders will head to Washington, D.C., on Monday to seek aid
from federal officials.

Here's the tentative itinerary:

Sunday: Staying at Airport Heartland Inn, Des Moines.

Monday: Leave from Des Moines airport at 6:50 a.m.; arrival, 10:11 a.m.; 5:30
p.m., meet with Attorney John Hall concerning sewer issues.

Tuesday: Meet with Tyler Schwartz, assistant to Rep. Tom Petri of Wisconsin's
Sixth Congressional District, 10 a.m. Petri is on the House Transportation and
Infrastructure Committee; meet with U.S. Department of Transportation officials,
11 a.m.; Environmental Protection Agency officials, 1 p.m.; Senator Chuck
Grassley and staff, 3 p.m.; Senator Tom Harkin and staff, 4:30 p.m.

Wednesday: Constituent breakfast with Harkin, 8:30 a.m..; Representative Leonard
Boswell, 9:30 a.m.; Representative Dave Loebsack and staff, 11 a.m.; depart from
Reagan National Airport, 4:40 p.m.; and arrive in Des Moines, 6:18 p.m.

To see more of Ottumwa Courier or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.ottumwacourier.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, Ottumwa Courier, Iowa
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080419-OT-City-leaders-take-wish-list-to-D-C-0419

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OT


                                 Copyright 2008


                              793 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              Silver City Sun-News

                              May 18, 2004 Tuesday

Bingaman calls for quick approval of Bayard water project

BYLINE: ,Silver City Sun-News

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 423 words


Sun-News report

U.S. Sen. Jeff Bingaman, D-NM, has urged the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA) to approve a request from the city of Bayard to allow for the building of
a waste water treatment plant.

The project needs approval from USDA before it can move forward.

The request to expedite approval of the plant comes on the heels of the
neighboring village of Hanover's two drinking water wells running dry. About 350
residents in the rural mining community are awaiting the outcome of emergency
meetings to learn when they will be back online with potable water. In the
interim, the Red Cross and the county emergency management office is supplying
the area with drinking water.

Bayard has indicated to the emergency management office in Grant County that it
could be a long-term supplier of drinking water to Hanover if needed, however,
the town has its own needs, as well. Bayard currently has no waste water
treatment plant and has been relying on the Phelps Dodge Chino Mine to accept
the city's untreated waste water.

However, that situation has changed with the expiration of a 20-year agreement
between the city and the Chino Mine.

In a letter to Gilbert Gonzales Jr., acting under secretary for rural
development, Bingaman expressed the city's urgent need for the waste water
treatment plant.

"The city of Bayard is fortunate to have secured funding for this much needed
project from USDA's Rural Development Program and is anxious now to obtain your
approval of the agreement with Chino Mines so that construction can begin in the
near future," Bingaman wrote. "Because Bayard is under time constraints to
compete the new treatment plant, I urge you too approve Bayard's request as soon
as possible."

Bingaman has been working with Bayard for a number of years and helped secure
$1.35 million from the federal Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) in fiscal
year 2002 to go toward building the treatment plant to serve the city's
agreement with Chino Mines. However, the USDA will not release their portion,
$3.6 million, until the city's request is approved. The new plant would serve
Bayard, the Village of Santa Clara and Fort Bayard State Hospital.

Under the agreement, Chino will continue to accept the city's untreated effluent
for up to five years and accept treated effluent from the new plant for up to 10
years. The city negotiated the agreement to allow time to get approval for an
alternative method of discharge, such as reusing the treated waste for
irrigation of city-owned properties.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2004 Silver City Sun-News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              794 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                             March 19, 2010 Friday

Disaster aid may not help all

BYLINE: Michael Kane

SECTION: Pg. 22

LENGTH: 942 words


Document everything is the advice federal and state officials are giving to
those affected by flooding earlier this week.

Thursday, officials from the federal and state emergency management agencies met
with town leaders from Clinton and Lancaster and legislators Harold Naughton Jr.
and Harriette Chandler as the first step in the process to get a disaster
declaration from Governor Deval Patrick.

A disaster declaration would make it possible for the towns to apply for federal
reimbursement for 75 percent of the emergency response costs, and also make it
possible for homeowners to apply for disaster relief grants.

Officials toured the affected areas with Naughton as part of what Federal
Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) Public Affairs Officer Darby Duffin said was
a preliminary damage team assessment. Information and photos collected from
Thursday's tour of the area will be forwarded to the governor's office,
according to Duffin, who said six counties have areas affected by flooding.

"It's up to the governor whether to request federal assistance," Duffin said.

In that regard, Chandler said solid dollar amounts are what drives a disaster
declaration. The more damage, the more likely it is that it can be declared a
disaster area.

"Accumulate receipts," Chandler said. "It's the dollar figure that's added up."

Unfortunately, Chandler said, getting accurate damage estimates often requires
homeowners to seek repairs and receive bills for service.

"That is a real concern," Chandler said. "Some of these people may not have the
money. This is an unforeseen event. They really will need help."

FEMA Representative Kenneth Swain told home and business owners who attended
that they are not eligible for FEMA disaster relief grants, but they may be
eligible for low-interest loans through the Small Business Administration (SBA).
Those loans can be as high as $2 million.

For homeowners, damage to personal property that is not among the primary living
area, like yards or structures not connected to the home, is not covered by FEMA
grants either. However, those damages too may qualify for a low-income loan of
up to $40,000 through the SBA, which facilitates disaster loans for FEMA.

FEMA does interview some, but not all, affected homeowners during what is known
as the "preliminary damage assessment," according to Swain. Naughton suggested
property owners contact his office to help with the process and to answer
questions.

Duffin said the first step property owners should take is informing local
officials of the damage, so it can be documented and reported.

If a disaster is declared, Swain said it will be announced in the media and
applications for grants will be made available. A centrally-located disaster
relief center will be set up within the disaster area to help the process.
Applicants will then be visited by a FEMA inspector.

Those affected have to do their part to help in the process, Swain cautioned.
That means documenting all damage and expenses that will be required by FEMA.

If denied assistance, there is an appeal process, but having the information
ahead of time can help avoid that and speed up the approval of grants.

"We'll do everything we can to help you, but you need to do your part," Swain
said.

Homeowners with flood insurance should immediately contact their insurers and
have documented what is and is not covered, Swain said. Otherwise, FEMA will
likely reject the claim because the homeowner is insured.

Likewise, car owners who lost vehicles will not have a chance to be reimbursed
unless the vehicle is needed to drive to and from work or other areas of need,
like regular medical treatments. That includes two-car families, Swain said.

"Both cars must be needed to get to work. If your car was on the property
unregistered, we won't even listen to you about it," Swain said.

Proof of ownership must be shown, as is proof of loss, including receipts for
having the cars towed from flooded yards. Homeowners are also advised to make
sure they tell FEMA inspectors of cars that have been removed from the property.

Homeowners who may not see visible signs of damage now, but are concerned about
possible damage to systems such as heating or air conditioning units, should
file with FEMA now, so that they can take advantage of the appeals process
later, Swain said.

In terms of municipal costs, Chandler said it is too early to say whether the
state will respond as it did after the December 2008 ice storm that devastated
much of central Massachusetts. Following that event, the state paid half of the
25 percent that FEMA did not cover as a way of assisting communities that were
struggling with the state's cuts to local aid that year.

"We haven't started talking about that yet, but there is a precedent," she said.

In addition, Chandler said, in reaction to a fire in Uxbridge, that she has
co-sponsored legislation to help small businesses affected by natural disasters.

ART: PHOTOS

PHOTOG: (1 AND 2) Item photo/JAN GOTTESMAN; (3) Item photo/SHARON CLOUTIER; ( 4
AND 5) Item photos/PAULA TERVO

CUTLINE: (1) On Monday morning, when flooding washed away the ground under the
train tracks, a train was stuck near Duck Harbor for hours. (2) Trucks towing
cars off Green Street, Clinton, on Tuesday, created a wake of water, which
annoyed homeowners trying to protect their property from further flooding. (3)
The storage facility on High Street, Clinton, near Fung Wong's, was flooded
Tuesday. (4) Above, water rushed past Paula Tervo's house off Water Street on
Tuesday, a day after she was evacuated. (5) Below, dumpsters at Reisner Corp.,
across the street, were floating in the water, against railroad underpinnings.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Document everything is the advice federal and state officials are
giving to those affected by flooding earlier this week. Thursday, officials from
the federal and state emergency management agencies met with town leaders from
Clinton and Lancaster and legislators Harold Naughton Jr. and Harriette Chandler
as the first step in the process to get a disaster declaration from Governor
Deval Patrick.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              795 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  The Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 14, 2011 Tuesday

Disaster aid for private homeowners pending review

BYLINE: Kim Smith Dedam, The Press-Republican, Plattsburgh, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 578 words


June 14--ELIZABETHTOWN -- Essex County supervisors still await a presidential
nod for disaster aid to private homeowners.

Essex, Clinton and Franklin counties all were declared eligible last Friday for
federal public-assistance and hazard-mitigation grants through the Federal
Emergency Management Agency.

Those monies target repair or replacement of disaster-damaged facilities and
municipal infrastructure.

But the Individual Assistance Program for private households is still under
review by President Barak Obama and the Department of Homeland Security.

'NOT A SURE THING'

Essex County Emergency Services Director Donald Jaquish briefed lawmakers Monday
at the Public Safety Committee meeting on the process. He remained cautiously
optimistic that money would be made available for private-property repairs.

"It's not denied," he told supervisors. "It's not a sure thing, either."

FEMA assistance for private homeowners applies only to a primary residence and
not to second homes, Jaquish said.

PUBLIC DAMAGE

FEMA funding for damaged public roads, water lines, wastewater treatment
facilities, bridges and other structures is expected to come in for towns and
the county at not less than 75 percent of total costs, Jaquish said.

"But it's usually 87 percent."

Board of Supervisors Chairman Randall Douglas (D-Jay) said they asked for the
full 87 percent, given the extent of damage in several flood-torn communities.

"We pushed for that. Congressman (Bill) Owens has been the leader on this."

But with so many natural disasters from floods on the Mississippi to tornados in
Missouri and Massachusetts, FEMA resources are being stretched fairly thin right
now.

Douglas said that if there weren't so many people nationwide affected by the
tumultuous spring 2011 weather, Individual Assistance funds would likely have
come with the initial FEMA major disaster declaration.

INCIDENT PERIOD

The incident period -- the time the weather event began and ended -- is set from
April 26 to May 8.

But county officials are pushing to move the end date up to May 29, Jaquish
said.

It would include subsequent flooding on Lake Champlain as the deluge continued
and floodwaters rushed down the rivers.

"They (FEMA officials) are still reviewing that.

"It is an ongoing event," he added. "The lake is still flooded."

INDIVIDUAL HELP

If Individual Assistance funds are granted, Jaquish said, it would require that
four FEMA inspectors come and set up a temporary office here, possibly in the
Public Safety Building in Lewis.

They would provide a public session on assistance programs available and meet
individually with applicants.

Emergency money is given as either loans or grants, depending on various
criteria.

The maximum amount available to private-property owners would be $30,000.

The U.S. Department of Homeland Security assigned John Long as federal
coordinating officer for the 21-county area of New York declared a major
disaster area.

Supervisors anticipate decisions on the municipal loan/grant percentage amounts
and an answer to Individual Assistance review within the next few weeks.

Email Kim Smith Dedam at: kdedam@pressrepublican.com

To see more of The Press-Republican or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://pressrepublican.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Press-Republican,
Plattsburgh, N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110614-ZI-Disaster-aid-for-private-homeowners-pending-review-0614-20110614

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZI


                      Copyright 2011 The Press-Republican


                              796 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  The Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 13, 2011 Monday

Disaster aid for private homeowners pending review

BYLINE: Kim Smith Dedam, The Press-Republican, Plattsburgh, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 578 words


June 13--ELIZABETHTOWN -- Essex County supervisors still await a presidential
nod for disaster aid to private homeowners.

Essex, Clinton and Franklin counties all were declared eligible last Friday for
federal public-assistance and hazard-mitigation grants through the Federal
Emergency Management Agency.

Those monies target repair or replacement of disaster-damaged facilities and
municipal infrastructure.

But the Individual Assistance Program for private households is still under
review by President Barak Obama and the Department of Homeland Security.

'NOT A SURE THING'

Essex County Emergency Services Director Donald Jaquish briefed lawmakers Monday
at the Public Safety Committee meeting on the process. He remained cautiously
optimistic that money would be made available for private-property repairs.

"It's not denied," he told supervisors. "It's not a sure thing, either."

FEMA assistance for private homeowners applies only to a primary residence and
not to second homes, Jaquish said.

PUBLIC DAMAGE

FEMA funding for damaged public roads, water lines, wastewater treatment
facilities, bridges and other structures is expected to come in for towns and
the county at not less than 75 percent of total costs, Jaquish said.

"But it's usually 87 percent."

Board of Supervisors Chairman Randall Douglas (D-Jay) said they asked for the
full 87 percent, given the extent of damage in several flood-torn communities.

"We pushed for that. Congressman (Bill) Owens has been the leader on this."

But with so many natural disasters from floods on the Mississippi to tornados in
Missouri and Massachusetts, FEMA resources are being stretched fairly thin right
now.

Douglas said that if there weren't so many people nationwide affected by the
tumultuous spring 2011 weather, Individual Assistance funds would likely have
come with the initial FEMA major disaster declaration.

INCIDENT PERIOD

The incident period -- the time the weather event began and ended -- is set from
April 26 to May 8.

But county officials are pushing to move the end date up to May 29, Jaquish
said.

It would include subsequent flooding on Lake Champlain as the deluge continued
and floodwaters rushed down the rivers.

"They (FEMA officials) are still reviewing that.

"It is an ongoing event," he added. "The lake is still flooded."

INDIVIDUAL HELP

If Individual Assistance funds are granted, Jaquish said, it would require that
four FEMA inspectors come and set up a temporary office here, possibly in the
Public Safety Building in Lewis.

They would provide a public session on assistance programs available and meet
individually with applicants.

Emergency money is given as either loans or grants, depending on various
criteria.

The maximum amount available to private-property owners would be $30,000.

The U.S. Department of Homeland Security assigned John Long as federal
coordinating officer for the 21-county area of New York declared a major
disaster area.

Supervisors anticipate decisions on the municipal loan/grant percentage amounts
and an answer to Individual Assistance review within the next few weeks.

Email Kim Smith Dedam at: kdedam@pressrepublican.com

To see more of The Press-Republican or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://pressrepublican.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Press-Republican,
Plattsburgh, N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110613-ZI-Disaster-aid-for-private-homeowners-pending-review-0613-20110613

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZI


                      Copyright 2011 The Press-Republican


                              797 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                            February 2, 2009 Monday

Hilltown firefighters get boost

BYLINE: By Trevor Jones, Berkshire Eagle Staff

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 463 words


BECKET -- Several of the hilltowns will have a better chance of handling fires
in the future, thanks to a federal grant and a new fire truck.

The Becket Fire Department received a new 3,000-gallon tanker truck Friday
through a $180,500 U.S. Department of Homeland Security Assistance to
Firefighters grant. The new vehicle will allow the department to further assist
in putting out fires in town and several surrounding communities, making it the
first new tanker in the department's 84-year history.

"This is tremendous aid to Becket, and mutual aid to surrounding towns," said
Ray Tarjick, Becket director of emergency management.

As part of the stipulation of the grant, the new vehicle will also assist in
Cheshire, Otis, Blanford, Hinsdale, Mount Washington and parts of Lee in
emergency situations.

Becket Fire Chief John Hall Sr. said the it will be helpful to the department to
have a tanker that holds 1,800 more gallons than its predecessor. He said it was
especially important because the tanker is the department's only means of
bringing large amounts of water to fight potential fires.

"We don't have any hydrants," said John Hall. "We need all the water we can
get."

At a total cost of $190,000, the tanker was specially made to fit the needs of
the department and the size of their garage, having been designed by Hall and a
committee of firefighters and officers.

As part of the grant, the town was required to cover 5 percent of the cost, but
town officials were unavailable Friday to say from where those funds would be
allocated.

Maddy Elovirta, Becket first assistant fire chief, drafted the grant application
a year ago, citing a need to replace the 1960s retrofitted military oil truck
the department had previously used.

Elovirta said the brakes of the vehicle were unreliable, and traveling up and
down a hill that leads to the town's only large enough water supply, Pills Pond,
proved to be dangerous for the volunteer department in the winter months.

She said the town used to also use an dammed area in the village, but that was
removed several years ago to aid in fish spawning. The removal of the other
water source made the new vehicle even more important, she said.

Becket was one of the towns worst hit by December's ice storm, which tore down
trees and power lines, while leaving many without power for more than a week. At
the time, many town officials said they were proud of the efforts of the various
groups that helped with the cleanup, but limited resources made it difficult to
keep up.

While this grant is not related directly to that incident, Elovirta said it
further highlighted the town's need for improved equipment.

"(The storm) made people wake up and pay attention," she said.

To reach Trevor Jones: (413) 528-3660 or tjones@berkshireeagle.com

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              798 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 Independent Tribune (Concord, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            June 17, 2009 Wednesday

Local nonprofits receive assistance through grant funds

BYLINE: Jessica Groover, Independent Tribune, Concord, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 777 words


Jun. 17--KANNAPOLIS -- Women and children will have 100 nights of shelter, there
will be additional food served to 100 families, and 50 adults will have literacy
counseling. These are just some of the ways in which local nonprofits will be
able to better serve the community, thanks to an annual grant through the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development.

Last week, Kannapolis City announced the distributions of some of the $371,917
it received from the Community Development Block Grant funds through Housing and
Urban Development. As a city of entitlement, Kannapolis receives these funds
every year.

This year's allocation was slightly less from last year's approximately $385,000
award.

Each year, the city is allowed to use up to 15 percent of the funds for public
service activities, provided by nonprofits, and available for low and
moderate-income Kannapolis residents.

The city received 19 applications for these funds, and 12 nonprofit groups were
notified this month that they received between $3,000 and $5,000 each. The city
awarded a total of $53,000, which is slightly more than 14 percent of the grant.

The Community Development Commission decided which nonprofit groups would
receive funding by giving priority to those who meet urgent or life-threatening
needs, such as food, shelter and clothing, and those that address literacy,
special needs and housing counseling.

Even though many of the groups serve all of Cabarrus County or several counties,
the money the nonprofits received will go toward serving Kannapolis residents.

For nonprofit groups that have seen a need for their services increase compared
to last year, these funds will greatly help.

"Our prayers were answered," said Angela Orrock, president of Family Promise of
Cabarrus County.

"We've been struggling to get this nonprofit off the ground. We were looking at
possibly laying off our director, and when this grant came through, it bought us
more time."

Family Promise primarily serves homeless families in Cabarrus and southern Rowan
counties. This was the first time the local nonprofit received these funds, and
the $5,000 will go toward providing transportation and day-to-day operations,
which will serve about 42 clients.

While it was the first time for several nonprofits to receive these funds, most
groups had been awarded funding in the past.

Last year was the first time the American Red Cross of Cabarrus County received
the block funds, and the nonprofit group used the $5,000 toward disaster relief,
especially during last August's flooding.

"We are anticipating (the funds) will be a great help for this year, as well,"
said Nancy Litton, executive director for the Red Cross. "We appreciate these
funds."

The Red Cross received $5,000 again and will use it toward providing disaster
relief for about 62 clients in Kannapolis.

Cooperative Christian Ministry also received the $5,000 in funds again so that
it could provide emergency rent or mortgage assistance to about 38 residents,
but the overall funding it received was less this year.

"Last year, we also made a request and received funding to help pay water bills,
and we received $6,000," said Ed Hosack, executive director for Cooperative
Christian Ministry. "We did request (the $6,000) again, but they were not able
to grant those."

Hosack said the Ministry was grateful to receive the $5,000 for rent and
mortgage assistance, especially with an increase of 260 percent of people coming
to the group for financial assistance from January to May, compared to that time
span last year. Because the nonprofit group did not receive the money toward
assisting with water bills, Hosack said the Ministry will try to make up for it
elsewhere.

Nonprofits that received funding

--American Red Cross of Cabarrus County: $5,000

--Academic Learning Center: $5,000

--Cabarrus Cooperative Christian Ministry: $5,000

--Cabarrus Literacy Council: $3,000

--Cabarrus Meals on Wheels: $5,000

--Cabarrus Victims Assistance Network: $5,000

--Family Promise of Cabarrus County: $5,000

--Meals on Wheels of Rowan: $3,000

--Prosperity Unlimited Inc.: $4,000

--Special Olympics Cabarrus County: $3,000

--The Salvation Army: $5,000

--United Family Services: $5,000

Contact reporter Jessica Groover: 704-789-9152

To see more of the Independent Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.independenttribune.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Independent Tribune,
Concord, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090617-IP-Local-nonprofits-receive-assistance-through-grant-funds-0617

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IP


                       Copyright 2009 Independent Tribune


                              799 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 21, 2014 Thursday

Washington: Community Development Block Grant Program: 40 Years of Building
Stronger Communities

LENGTH: 899  words

DATELINE: Washington


The Center for American Progress has issued the following news release:

Forty years ago, President Gerald Ford signed a law creating one of the hallmark
programs of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, or HUD--the
Community Development Block Grant, or CDBG. Each year, CDBG funds are
distributed to state and local governments according to their population size,
poverty level, and key housing variables to help communities address a wide
range of development needs--from housing to social services.

Since the program's inception, thousands of urban and rural communities have
come to rely on this critical resource, with $144 billion invested in these
communities over four decades. Last year alone, CDBG grants were awarded to
7,250 local governments, benefitting more than 9.8 million people across the
country. This is particularly significant as CDBG dollars are leveraged by other
sources: Between fiscal years 2010 and 2012, every dollar of CDBG grants was
leveraged by an additional $4 in other public and private investments.

Each CDBG-funded activity must meet at least one of the program's three national
objectives:

Benefit low- and moderate-income people.
 Aid in the prevention or elimination of slums or blight.
 Address an urgent need that poses a serious threat to the health or welfare of
a community for which no other funding is available.

Federal investments in nutrition, health, education, and job training have been
critical in mitigating or preventing poverty and hardship for millions of
Americans. Likewise, the CDBG program has enabled communities to make
complementary investments in affordable housing and infrastructure, and in
creating greater economic opportunity.
Housing

One of the most significant uses of CDBG grant dollars has been to preserve the
dwindling supply of affordable housing. Between 2004 and 2013, more than 1.3
million low- and moderate-income households were rehabilitated. Last year alone,
more than 94,000 households received housing assistance, including activities
ranging from assisting elderly residents to energy-efficiency repairs that
resulted in more affordable energy bills.

Preserving affordable housing is particularly important to address homelessness.
For example, in 2009, in Loudoun County, Virginia, CDBG funds closed a funding
gap, allowing the county to upgrade its homeless services by co-locating an
emergency shelter, cold weather shelter, single men's shelter, and transitional
housing in one centrally located building. As a result, the county was able to
provide more housing and improved case management.
Infrastructure

CDBG funding has also provided critical investments in the public facilities and
infrastructure needed to help local economies grow, including sanitary water and
sewer systems, safe streets and transit ways, and improved drainage systems.
Between 2005 and 2013, CDBG funding supported improvements to public facilities
that benefited more than 33.7 million people. For example, in Somerton, Arizona,
CDBG funds allocated through the state allowed the city to purchase and install
solar panels to provide energy to its water-treatment plant as part of a
strategy to reduce energy costs. So far, the city has saved an average of
$20,000 per year while also curbing energy use.

Furthermore, CDBG is an important source of funding for recovery and resilience
efforts in the face of extreme weather events. In response to disasters,
Congress may appropriate additional funding for the program in the form of CDBG
Disaster Recovery, or CDBG-DR, grants to rebuild affected areas and start the
recovery process. For example, following Superstorm Sandy, HUD launched a design
competition using CDBG-DR funds to support innovative ideas for building
resilience to extreme weather in communities. One of the winning designs focused
on protecting Hunts Point in the Bronx, which is an important hub for the city's
food supply and the accompanying jobs. The plan proposes using a waterfront
greenway that creates green space while utilizing natural barriers against
flooding. In a recent report, the Center for American Progress recommended that
HUD should ensure that CDBG--and supplemental disaster-recovery funds channeled
through this program--support climate-resilient projects such as sustainable
housing in order to protect low-income communities from extreme weather.
Economic opportunity

CDBG funds have made a difference in the lives of millions of people across the
country. Between 2004 and 2013, CDBG economic-development activities--such as
technical assistance and training to microenterprises--have helped create or
retain more than 421,183 jobs. Last year alone, these activities employed
approximately 28,000 workers in new or ongoing jobs. This is illustrated through
efforts in Arlington, Texas, where CDBG funds helped create a new
workforce-development center in 2004, which serves more than 5,000 employers and
job seekers yearly and includes rooms for workshops and seminars.
Conclusion

Over the past 40 years, CDBG has been a critical resource for communities
nationwide and has benefited millions of Americans. It is important that members
of Congress preserve and expand this program, allowing local leaders to face our
nation's growing backlog of affordable housing, aging infrastructure, and
economic development needs.

For more information please visit: http://www.americanprogress.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              800 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Times-Tribune (Corbin, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            July 20, 2011 Wednesday

Sweating it out

BYLINE: Michele Baker, The Times-Tribune, Corbin, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 938 words


July 20--CORBIN -- The heat index will spike to close to 100 degrees today and
there is little relief available in the Tri-County for people who lack air
conditioning or fans.

The National Weather Service predicts conditions to be mostly sunny and hot with
temperatures in the low 90s for the rest of the week.

Heat is the number one weather-related killer in the United States with 138
deaths last year, according to the Office of Climate, Water and Weather Service
out of the National Oceanic and Atmosphere Administration.

The predicted hot weather can be deadly to those without cooling, such as fans
or air conditioners, and there are very few places in the area where people can
receive cooling assistance.

"We had a fan and air conditioner drive last year. We have given out three air
conditioners this year, but the money has been cut back. This year it's really,
really bad," said Melany Hanrahan from the Friends for Families Ministry in
Williamsburg.

Knox County's Kentucky Communities Economic Opportunities Council Vice-President
for Advancement Miles Estes agrees.

"We normally don't get assistance money and with everything going on
budget-wise, we don't anticipate any now," Estes said. "We haven't heard
anything positive, and this is for all community action programs."

Mary Smith, administrative Assistant for the Bell-Whitley Community Action
Agency, said their program has no money for cooling assistance.

Daniel Boone Development Council Emergency Services Director Shirley Bush also
said her program hasn't received any money this year.

"We haven't heard anything. We don't have any fans to give out. We have
nothing," Bush said. "We are keeping a list of all the people that call.
Sometimes the state will ask us for the list if there is a big demand."

Bush said her community action program sometimes receives 10-15 calls a day,
with some days being even worse than that. Estes said the KCEOC gets an
estimated 10-15 calls a   week and with a hot spell, they may receive five calls
in a day.

Estes stated his program hasn't received any state or federal money to help with
cooling assistance, but there may be a few programs that have gotten some
corporate money.

Brandi Gilley, a nurse at the Laurel County Health Department, said there are a
few air conditioners available for cancer patients.

"Our cancer coalition received a grant to assist cancer patients with air
conditioners. There are not very many available, only 28. There are guidelines
and applications to fill out." Cancer patients are also eligible to receive air
conditioning units in Knox and Whitley Counties.

Last year there was $4 million in federal funding available for summer cooling
assistance in the state. Bush said her program was able to help the needy for
only less than a week because of the high demand for help.

Estes said the KCEOC did receive money last year, but his organization only gets
money every five to six years.

State Energy Programs Director Michael Moynahan said sometimes there is money
available from the state for cooling assistance.

"Every year when there is leftover money that wasn't spent in the winter season,
there will be a summer cooling program to help out with utility bills or pay for
small air conditioners," Moynahan said. "There won't be money for the program
this year unless the federal government steps in and provides it."

None of the organizations contacted knew of any place the public can cool off
for free in the Tri-County.

"We haven't heard of anything. Some of the larger cities in the state are
providing cool places like gymnasiums. The only thing is some churches may
help," Estes said.

Heat Wave Safety Tips

*Stay indoors as much as possible and limit exposure to the sun.

*Stay on the lowest floor out of the sunshine if air conditioning is not
available.

*Consider spending the warmest part of the day in public buildings such as
libraries, schools, movie theaters, shopping malls and other community
facilities.

*Eat well-balanced, light, regular meals. Avoid using salt tablets unless
directed by a physician.

*Drink plenty of water.

*Limit the intake of alcoholic beverages.

*Dress in loose-fitting, lightweight and light-colored clothes that cover as
much skin as possible.

*Protect the face and head by wearing a wide-brimmed hat.

*Check on family, friends and neighbors who do not have air conditioning and who
spend much of their time alone.

*Never leave children or pets alone in closed vehicles.

*Avoid strenuous work during the warmest part of the day.

From the Federal Emergency Management Agency

Heat Related Fatalities info

In 2010, 138 people died in the United States as a result of extreme heat, up
significantly from 45 fatalities in 2009. This figure is considerably higher
than the 10-year average of 115 deaths per year.

Forty-six percent of all heat-related fatalities occurred in a home with no air
conditioning. Over 60 percent of all deaths last year occurred in people 60 or
older. Seniors are the group most strongly affected by heat.

Nevada had the most heat victims with 23. One person died in Kentucky due to
extreme temperatures last year.

A major heat wave in the U.S. in 1989 caused the deaths of 1,250 people and in
August of 2003, heat claimed an estimated 50,000 lives in Europe.

From the Office of Climate, Water and Weather Services

To see more of The Times-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetimestribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Times-Tribune, Corbin,
Ky. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110720-KB-Sweating-it-out-0720-20110720

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KB


                        Copyright 2011 The Times-Tribune


                              801 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                      January 24, 2012 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

New Jersey American Water: Grant Funds Available for Volunteer Fire, Ambulance &
First Responder Units

LENGTH: 331  words


New Delhi, Jan. 24 -- Recognizing the bravery and heroism of our community
firefighters, New Jersey American Water announces the second year of a grant
program for volunteer fire departments, ambulance squads and volunteer first
responder units located in the company's service areas. Grants will be awarded
to cover the costs associated with purchasing personal protective gear,
communications equipment, firefighting tools, water handling equipment, training
and related activities/materials that will be used to support community fire
protection. The deadline to apply is Feb. 22, 2012.

Applying volunteer organizations must send a letter of application with the
following information:

* Contact information, including name and phone number

* Description of the organization(s) seeking support, including fire company
name, address, and county in which it is located

* Overview of the specific project to be funded

* Grant amount requested

* Problem/challenges that the project will address

* Timeframe for implementation of the project

* Summary of other sources being approached for support of the project

* Project budget

"We hope that through this program, we can provide meaningful financial
assistance to these volunteer organizations that are critical to our
communities. While we provide the water to fight fires, it's these brave men and
women volunteering their time and skills that keep our homes and businesses
safe," said Peter Eschbach, director of communications and external affairs at
New Jersey American Water.

Reimbursement for specific training classes, including the cost of training
manuals and student workbooks, is eligible. Individuals are not eligible to
receive grants. Only uniformed volunteer units serving New Jersey American
Water's service territory are eligible to receive funding.

Regional or countywide applications are encouraged to maximize the number of
fire and emergency organizations that would benefit from the grants. The maximum
grant amount is $1,000.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2012 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              802 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        SUNDAY TELEGRAM (Massachusetts)

                            September 3, 2006 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

REGIONAL DIGEST

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; REGIONAL DIGEST; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 696 words

DATELINE: WESTMINSTER


Wrong-way driver arrested

State police, working with police from Westminster and Gardner, arrested a
Leominster woman who was allegedly driving the wrong way on Route 2 early
yesterday morning.

Kathleen A. Lamb, 57, of 171 Bayberry Hill Lane, Wildwood Condominiums,
Leominster, was arrested at about 12:30 a.m.

At the time of her arrest, in front of the Wachusett Village Inn, Ms. Lamb was
driving west in the eastbound lane of Route 2, state police said. She was
charged with marked lanes violation, negligent driving and driving while under
the influence of alcohol. According to police, Trooper Darren R. Specht arrested
Ms. Lamb after she pulled her vehicle over.

State police said they received multiple calls from people traveling on Route 2
in Leominster and Fitchburg about a vehicle traveling the wrong way.

At the request of state police, local police departments blocked traffic from
going onto the highway until the driver could be stopped.

Ms. Lamb, who is the executive assistant to the Lancaster Board of Selectmen,
was released on bail. She may be arraigned Tuesday in Gardner District Court.

Planning grant awarded

The Massachusetts Emergency Management Agency and the state Department of
Conservation and Recreation have awarded a $93,750 grant to the Montachusett
Regional Planning Commission. The money will be used to assist in disaster
planning.

The grant, which will benefit several communities in the Montachusett region,
was announced by state Sen. Stephen M. Brewer, D-Barre, and state Rep. Robert L.
Rice, D-Gardner.

Under the grant, a select group of communities will receive technical assistance
in developing municipal hazard mitigation plans. These plans will be included in
the MRPC's Regional Hazard Mitigation Plan, which will also be funded through
the grant.

The money is part of more than $255,750 in federal funding given to the state
for disaster planning programs. The state applied for the funding through a
Federal Emergency Management Agency program.

Woman injured in crash

HOPEDALE - A Northbridge woman was injured in a motorcycle accident late Friday
night.

The accident occurred at 11:08 p.m. on Mendon Street, when the motorcycle driven
by Donna Farrell collided with a motor vehicle driven by Derek Strening of
Hopedale.

Ms. Farrell was taken to Milford Regional Medical Center. No citations have been
issued by police.

Baby shower planned

SOUTHBRIDGE - Prenatal and parenting providers of southern Worcester County, led
by the Kennedy Donovan Center Early Intervention Partnership Program, will hold
their first Community Baby Shower. The shower is free and open to all expecting
and newly parenting mothers and fathers. It will be held from 2 p.m. to 6 p.m.
Friday in Notre Dame Church Hall. The shower will include gift bags for all who
attend, free raffles, refreshments, workshops and resources and community
support information.

Workshops include breastfeeding, infant massage and labor and delivery. The
program provides home-visiting maternal health services to pregnant women in
South Central Worcester County. Services include support, education, resources
and health monitoring. The program is open to women of all ages. The Parent
Support Network includes Early Intervention, Early Intervention Partnership,
Healthy Families, Pregnant and Parenting Teen Program, Early Head Start, WIC,
Southbridge Community Connections and many other area agencies.

Events to spotlight Valley

As summer turns to fall, it's time to mark the calendar for the Blackstone
Valley Heritage Homecoming Weekend.

The Blackstone Valley Heritage Homecoming weekend celebrates the history and
culture of each of the 11 Massachusetts communities located along the Blackstone
River.

This year's Heritage Homecoming events are scheduled for the weekends of Sept.
23 to 24 and Sept. 30 to Oct.1.

The weekends will feature what have become traditional events, such as Sutton's
Waters Farm Days, Hopedale's Day In The Park, Grafton's Harvest Fair and Apple
Pie Festival, and Uxbridge's Civil War Encampment and battle re-enactment at
River Bend Farm.

In addition, this year's events also include an open house at Daniels Farm
Homestead in Blackstone on the weekend of Sept. 30.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
TRAINING DAY - Patrolman Dan F. George, center, instructs new police recruits
during Worcester Police Academy training exercises at the Worcester Senior
Center Friday.
T&G Staff/TOM RETTIG

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              803 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 18, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Disaster Aid to Local Governments Helping Rebuild Texas Communities

LENGTH: 483  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Federal Emergency Management Agency has issued the following news
release:



 Federal officials today estimated more than $44.8 million in disaster
assistance will help local governments rebuild infrastructure damaged or
destroyed by the severe storms, April 17 - 30.





 That funding is in addition to nearly $60.5 million in federal disaster
assistance to date for the April storms that has helped individuals and families
with housing assistance, repairs and replacing essential possessions.



 When disaster strikes, the first response is to ensure personal and family
safety and then address the loss of property and possessions. The federal
Individuals and Households Program responds to these urgent needs.



 Public Assistance is another essential element of disaster response. The PA
program benefits everyone--neighborhoods, cities and states, as well as certain
private nonprofit organizations--by reimbursing applicants for eligible work on
damaged public facilities.



 The April 25 federal disaster declaration made PA available to these 26
counties: Anderson, Austin, Bastrop, Bosque, Callahan, Cass, Cherokee, Colorado,
Coryell, Fayette, Fort Bend, Grimes, Harris, Harrison, Jones, Liberty, Milam,
Montgomery, San Jacinto, Smith, Upshur, Van Zandt, Waller, Washington, Wharton
and Wood.



 PA dollars:



     clean up the community and repair bridges.

     put water systems and utilities back in order.

     repair hospitals and emergency services.

     rebuild libraries and replace damaged books.

     rebuild schools and universities.

     restore damaged public parks so families can enjoy them again.



 PA will provide a minimum of 75 percent of the cost to repair or replace
disaster-damaged infrastructure from the April storms.



 FEMA estimates the federal share of almost $9 million will help reimburse local
governments for the emergency work and debris removal that took place in the
storm's immediate aftermath.



 Other PA projects are now being developed and approved by local, state, and
federal officials. Payments are made on a reimbursement basis.



 "Public Assistance grants support the work that helps an entire community
recover," said FEMA's Federal Coordinating Officer William J. Doran III, who is
in charge of the agency's operations in Texas. "These are federal tax dollars
coming back to Texas to rebuild taxpayer-funded infrastructure."



 Public Assistance funding applicants can include:



     state agencies.

     local and county governments.

     private nonprofit organizations that own or operate facilities that provide
essential government-type services.



 Recovery officials are currently working with more than 120 applicants to
develop specifications and costs for about 285 projects, to date, in the
counties eligible for disaster assistance.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              804 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Cumnock Chronicle

                           January 16, 2016 Saturday

East Ayrshire Council grants New Cumnock 500k after Storm Frank flooding

BYLINE: Chris Marzella

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 707 words


RESIDENTS in New Cumnock who have been left with heft repair bills following the
new year flooding can now claim £1,500 in grant funding from the council.

East Ayrshire Council has received a cut of the £12 million boost to support the
recovery from the Scottish Government.

The funding will be used by local authorities to provide every household,
business premises or charity directly affected by flood water with a grant of
£1,500.

East Ayrshire Council has been allocated £500,000.

Local authorities which have suffered the most damage as a result of the
flooding have been allocated a share of the fund, however, people in any part of
Scotland who have suffered flood damage as a result of the severe weather can
apply for a grant, with the Scottish Government meeting the cost.

In addition to flood relief support, businesses whose ability to trade has been
severely affected by flooding will be able to apply for an additional grant of
£3,000 funded by the Scottish Government and administered by the council.

East Ayrshire Council will now write to residents and businesses in the local
communities affected by the recent flooding on Hogmanay, encouraging them to
apply for grant aid in the aftermath of Storm Frank.

The grant is payable to businesses regardless of any existing business rates
relief and is a one-off payment to offset costs which cannot be covered by
existing insurance - such as clean-up costs, materials and exceptional costs to
help the business restore trade, such as marketing and promotion.

Council Leader, Councillor Douglas Reid welcomed the funding announcement and
said: "After the flooding in East Ayrshire, I wrote to the first Minister,
detailing the human and financial impact of the storm on our local communities.

"This announcement is a positive development for our communities and I'd
encourage all those who qualify for assistance to make an application."

First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said: "The Scottish Government is committed to
providing the support needed to help individuals, business and communities to
recover from the damage caused by this unprecedented severe weather with
additional support of more than £12 million.

"With this new funding, every household and business premises that has seen
flood water damage will be able to claim a grant of £1,500 from their Local
Authority. They can use this to replace lost or damage items or to take steps to
help flood proof their home.

"We know that the weather has also impacted on business - that is why any
business who has had their ability to trade impacted by the flooding will also
be able to claim a £3,000 grant.

"And we are making further funding available to help local authorities restore
damage to infrastructure caused by the recent storms.

"In the face of devastation Scotland's communities have rallied together and
shown real strength. I have met with some local business owners who have made a
real difference by offering vital support and once again I am amazed by the
determination and dedication of all of our emergency services who are working
around the clock to save homes and livelihoods.

"We do not yet have confirmation of consequentials coming from UK Government
flood funds - however, now that the picture of those who need support is
clearer, the Scottish Government is acting now to make sure that the people who
need help get it."

The Scottish Government has also indicated it may follow up on all successful
grant applications to see what difference the money has made.

Households, businesses, community groups or charitable organisations in the
local area, directly affected by the flooding, will all be eligible to apply for
the funding which can be used to; reimburse the cost of not receiving council
services paid for through Council Tax/Business Rates while absent from their
homes, or while trading was disrupted, enable residents and businesses to
install prevention measures against possible future floods.

An application form for the grant will be included in the Council's
correspondence, with details on eligibility criteria, an application guide and a
dedicated contact point to help with further enquiries and assistance.

To claim, fill in the application form and return it to the Council at the
address provided.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              805 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                          September 15, 2007 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

Development checks parceled out

BYLINE: Bradford L. Miner, Telegram & Gazette Staff

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 564 words

DATELINE: HARDWICK


Rural Development officials made stops in Hardwick and Warren yesterday,
bringing money for projects as large as the facsimile checks they handed out.

At the municipal office building in Gilbertville, David H. Tuttle, state
director of the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development program,
presented Selectman Eric Vollheim with a check for $500,000 that covers two
federal grants and two federal loans for the upgrade of the Hardwick Center
public water well.

Mr. Tuttle presented Bruce Evans of the town Sewer Department with a check for
$1.4 million in grant and low-interest loan money to improve the town's
wastewater treatment plant.

The town had asked for federal assistance with the well after the state
Department of Environmental Protection issued an administrative consent order
requiring the town to correct water storage and emergency power issues as well
as install corrosion control treatment. According to the DEP, recent tests

determined the town's system did not conform to lead and copper rules. The money
the town received yesterday will ensure it complies with the regulations.

The federal money destined for the wastewater treatment plant will be used to
upgrade a facility that is both at capacity and in poor condition. The plant was
recently the focus of an investigation when a broken pipe resulted in raw sewage
being discharged into the Ware River.

In Warren, on Brimfield Road where the town's highway garage will be built, Mr.
Tuttle presented a check for $1,711,250 to town officials. They received two
grants and a loan for three community projects. The bulk of the money - a
$1,699,000 loan - will be used to build the highway garage and sand and salt
storage shed.

The town also received a grant to replace the heating system in the Shepard
Municipal Building and a grant to buy an eight-passenger van, accessible to the
disabled, for the Senior Center.

"This is great news for Warren. The USDA has stepped up to the plate with these
announcements and truly shown their dedication to the community," said state
Rep. Todd M. Smola, R-Palmer.

Mr. Tuttle said: "Today is an example of the strong bond and the long-standing
relationship that Rural Development has had with the communities of Hardwick and
Warren. The Hardwick projects are essential not only for future growth, but for
the health and well-being of residents who benefit from the town's drinking
water and sewer systems."

State Rep. Anne M. Gobi, D-Spencer, thanked Rural Development for partnering
with the two communities to help with projects that directly affect the health
and welfare of residents.

State Sen. Stephen M. Brewer, D-Barre, said: "I applaud the efforts of the USDA
to assist Hardwick in protecting its public water source as well as the upgrade
of the wastewater treatment plant."

Mr. Tuttle said Rural Development has helped Warren with water and sewer
projects before and now has stepped in to help build Warren's new highway garage
and buy a much-needed van for the town's Senior Center.

"The towns are deserving of these grants and loans," Mr. Tuttle said, "and much
of the credit really needs to go to the employees and officials who have worked
to prepare the applications for federal money. These programs are all highly
competitive, and their effort in demonstrating real need for these varied
projects is evident today in the $3.7 million in USDA grants and loans."

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
T&G Staff/JIM COLLINS
State Rep. Todd M. Smola, R-Palmer, steps off the new eight-passenger van for
the Warren Senior Center. Stepping toward the van is David H. Tuttle, state
director of the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development program, who
presented the checks worth a total of $3.6 million to Hardwick and Warren
yesterday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              806 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 17, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Senate Passes Kirk Priorities for Drinking & Wastewater Systems,
Flood Infrastructure & Protections for the Great Lakes

LENGTH: 1212  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Mark Kirk has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Mark Kirk (R-Ill.) today applauded the Senate's passage of the
Water Resources Development Act of 2016 (WRDA) which will improve drinking and
wastewater systems, flood protection, waterway shipping, and the Great Lakes.





 "Families in Illinois and across the country should not need to worry whether
their drinking water is clean and safe. I fought to include my bill which
directly funds programs for Great Lakes restoration and additional financing
opportunities for communities to upgrade water infrastructure so no community
experiences what happened in Flint ever again," said Senator Kirk.



 The American Society for Civil Engineers 2014 Report Card for Illinois gave
Illinois drinking water infrastructure a C- and wastewater a D+. Schools in the
Chicago and Waukegan school districts have also recently tested positive for
high levels of lead. This bill will help to greatly improve water infrastructure
to ensure safe drinking water for all communities.



 "Shedd Aquarium would like to extend our gratitude to Senator Kirk for being a
champion for the Great Lakes and the people and animals who depend on them, as
exemplified in the Water Resources Development Act of 2016," said Aislinn
Gauchay, Assistant Director of Great Lakes and Sustainability at Shedd Aquarium.
"This bipartisan act not only allows us to continue to restore the Great Lakes
and protect its ecosystems, but also advances efforts to ensure trustworthy and
clean drinking water for the 40 million people in the Great Lakes region."



 "Passage of Senate Bill 2848 provides a correction to a long-standing funding
issue related to habitat restoration at Lockport Prairie Nature Preserve and
protection for the federally endangered species that live there," said Suzanne
Hart, president of the Forest Preserve District's Board of Commissioners. "We
would like to thank Senator Kirk for all of his efforts on behalf of the Forest
Preserve District of Will County and this important preserve. If approved, this
legislation would conserve $320,000 in Forest Preserve capital funds that can be
used for continued habitat restoration at Lockport Prairie and elsewhere
throughout the District."



 The Water Resources Development Act of 2016 includes:



 The Bipartisan S. 1024, Great Lakes Restoration Initiative: Kirk-authored bill
to continue the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative Act (GLRI) through 2021,
investing $1.5 billion in the Great Lakes, the drinking water source for over 30
million Americans, to tackle the threat of pollution and toxic contamination,
and invasive species.



 Permanent Set-Aside for the Great Lakes Navigation System (GLNS): Kirk-authored
bipartisan amendment mandating that the GLNS receive at least a 10% allocation
of Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund priority spending to make critical investments
in reducing the backlog of maintenance projects like dredging, aging locks, and
deteriorating breakwaters that threaten the efficiency of the Great Lakes
transportation network.



 Waterfront Community Revitalization & Resiliency: As a member of the Great
Lakes Task Force, Kirk worked to support efforts to increase investment and
business opportunities along all of the Great Lakes' communities through a new
coastal grant program authorized at $50 million per year through 2021.



 Tools to Upgrade Aging Water Infrastructure to Ensure Clean Drinking Water:



 Addresses Water Infrastructure Crises: $220 million in direct spending to
states and communities across the country dealing with water infrastructure
emergencies like Flint, MI.



 Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act (WIFIA) Program: Invests $70
million in funding to leverage as much as $4.2 billion in low-interest loans for
construction of drinking water and wastewater infrastructure.



 Health Programs To Address Lead Exposure: $50 million directed towards
education addressing lead exposure.



 Provides for Lead Testing In Schools & Daycare Centers: Authorizes $100 million
over five years in grants for lead testing.



 Assistance to Disadvantaged Communities: Authorizes $1.4 billion over five
years plus $20 in direct spending grants for drinking water infrastructure for
those most in need.



 Increases Assistance for Replacement of Lead Pipes: Authorizes $300 million
over five years and $20 million in direct spending grants to reduce lead in
water.



 Assistance For Sewer Overflow Control:  Authorizes $1.8 billion over five years
in grants to address sewer overflows and stormwater.



 Flood Control Infrastructure & Ecosystem Restoration in Illinois:



 Forest Preserve District of Will County (FPD): Saves the FPD up to $320,000 and
allows continuation of the ecosystem restoration project, which is critical to
the long-term stabilization and hydrologic management of the area's groundwater
by resolving a cost-share dispute between FPD and the U.S. Army Corps of
Engineers. The dispute retroactively billed Will County for work it was not
required to pay when the the Lockport Prairie Nature Preserve and Prairie Bluff
Preserve project in Lockport began over a decade ago.



 McCook Reservoir Completion: Directs the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to
expedite the completion of the Chicago Underflow Plan which will provide
critical flood damage reduction benefits to 3.6 million people in 52 Chicagoland
communities by providing $154 million per year. The project protects Lake
Michigan, the drinking water source for millions in Illinois, from raw sewage
pollution and improves the water quality of area rivers and streams with its
series of deep underground tunnels and reservoirs capable of collecting 17.5
billions of gallons of sewage and stormwater.



 Flood Mitigation for Upper Des Plaines River: Provides flood protection to
about 1,000 Illinois homes and businesses, 400 structures across the watershed,
and restore over 10 square miles of nationally significant aquatic habitat for a
project that stretches across northeastern Illinois and southeastern Wisconsin.
This series of new flood control measures along the Upper Des Plaines River,
including levees, floodwalls, and reservoirs to alleviate millions in damages to
homes and businesses in Lake and Cook Counties. This area experienced historic
floods over the last 30 years and in April 2013, flooding on the Des Plaines
River hit record levels, impacting hundreds of structures and causing road
closures for days.



 Upper Mississippi and Illinois Rivers Flood Risk Management: Includes a
comprehensive study of the levees along the upper Mississippi and Illinois
Rivers on a system-wide basis to improve flood protection and planning across
Illinois levee and drainage districts. In 2009, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
acknowledged that a rehabilitation of a levee at a single location often cannot
be cost-justified but each location is an integral part of a levee system that
provides essential flood protection benefits. This provision in WRDA will help
elevate and prioritize levee projects in Illinois which are critical to regional
flood protection, but would otherwise be impeded by Army Corps of Engineers
criteria.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              807 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 17, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Senate Passes Kirk Priorities for Drinking & Wastewater Systems,
Flood Infrastructure & Protections for the Great Lakes

LENGTH: 1212  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Mark Kirk has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Mark Kirk (R-Ill.) today applauded the Senate's passage of the
Water Resources Development Act of 2016 (WRDA) which will improve drinking and
wastewater systems, flood protection, waterway shipping, and the Great Lakes.





 "Families in Illinois and across the country should not need to worry whether
their drinking water is clean and safe. I fought to include my bill which
directly funds programs for Great Lakes restoration and additional financing
opportunities for communities to upgrade water infrastructure so no community
experiences what happened in Flint ever again," said Senator Kirk.



 The American Society for Civil Engineers 2014 Report Card for Illinois gave
Illinois drinking water infrastructure a C- and wastewater a D+. Schools in the
Chicago and Waukegan school districts have also recently tested positive for
high levels of lead. This bill will help to greatly improve water infrastructure
to ensure safe drinking water for all communities.



 "Shedd Aquarium would like to extend our gratitude to Senator Kirk for being a
champion for the Great Lakes and the people and animals who depend on them, as
exemplified in the Water Resources Development Act of 2016," said Aislinn
Gauchay, Assistant Director of Great Lakes and Sustainability at Shedd Aquarium.
"This bipartisan act not only allows us to continue to restore the Great Lakes
and protect its ecosystems, but also advances efforts to ensure trustworthy and
clean drinking water for the 40 million people in the Great Lakes region."



 "Passage of Senate Bill 2848 provides a correction to a long-standing funding
issue related to habitat restoration at Lockport Prairie Nature Preserve and
protection for the federally endangered species that live there," said Suzanne
Hart, president of the Forest Preserve District's Board of Commissioners. "We
would like to thank Senator Kirk for all of his efforts on behalf of the Forest
Preserve District of Will County and this important preserve. If approved, this
legislation would conserve $320,000 in Forest Preserve capital funds that can be
used for continued habitat restoration at Lockport Prairie and elsewhere
throughout the District."



 The Water Resources Development Act of 2016 includes:



 The Bipartisan S. 1024, Great Lakes Restoration Initiative: Kirk-authored bill
to continue the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative Act (GLRI) through 2021,
investing $1.5 billion in the Great Lakes, the drinking water source for over 30
million Americans, to tackle the threat of pollution and toxic contamination,
and invasive species.



 Permanent Set-Aside for the Great Lakes Navigation System (GLNS): Kirk-authored
bipartisan amendment mandating that the GLNS receive at least a 10% allocation
of Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund priority spending to make critical investments
in reducing the backlog of maintenance projects like dredging, aging locks, and
deteriorating breakwaters that threaten the efficiency of the Great Lakes
transportation network.



 Waterfront Community Revitalization & Resiliency: As a member of the Great
Lakes Task Force, Kirk worked to support efforts to increase investment and
business opportunities along all of the Great Lakes' communities through a new
coastal grant program authorized at $50 million per year through 2021.



 Tools to Upgrade Aging Water Infrastructure to Ensure Clean Drinking Water:



 Addresses Water Infrastructure Crises: $220 million in direct spending to
states and communities across the country dealing with water infrastructure
emergencies like Flint, MI.



 Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act (WIFIA) Program: Invests $70
million in funding to leverage as much as $4.2 billion in low-interest loans for
construction of drinking water and wastewater infrastructure.



 Health Programs To Address Lead Exposure: $50 million directed towards
education addressing lead exposure.



 Provides for Lead Testing In Schools & Daycare Centers: Authorizes $100 million
over five years in grants for lead testing.



 Assistance to Disadvantaged Communities: Authorizes $1.4 billion over five
years plus $20 in direct spending grants for drinking water infrastructure for
those most in need.



 Increases Assistance for Replacement of Lead Pipes: Authorizes $300 million
over five years and $20 million in direct spending grants to reduce lead in
water.



 Assistance For Sewer Overflow Control:  Authorizes $1.8 billion over five years
in grants to address sewer overflows and stormwater.



 Flood Control Infrastructure & Ecosystem Restoration in Illinois:



 Forest Preserve District of Will County (FPD): Saves the FPD up to $320,000 and
allows continuation of the ecosystem restoration project, which is critical to
the long-term stabilization and hydrologic management of the area's groundwater
by resolving a cost-share dispute between FPD and the U.S. Army Corps of
Engineers. The dispute retroactively billed Will County for work it was not
required to pay when the the Lockport Prairie Nature Preserve and Prairie Bluff
Preserve project in Lockport began over a decade ago.



 McCook Reservoir Completion: Directs the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to
expedite the completion of the Chicago Underflow Plan which will provide
critical flood damage reduction benefits to 3.6 million people in 52 Chicagoland
communities by providing $154 million per year. The project protects Lake
Michigan, the drinking water source for millions in Illinois, from raw sewage
pollution and improves the water quality of area rivers and streams with its
series of deep underground tunnels and reservoirs capable of collecting 17.5
billions of gallons of sewage and stormwater.



 Flood Mitigation for Upper Des Plaines River: Provides flood protection to
about 1,000 Illinois homes and businesses, 400 structures across the watershed,
and restore over 10 square miles of nationally significant aquatic habitat for a
project that stretches across northeastern Illinois and southeastern Wisconsin.
This series of new flood control measures along the Upper Des Plaines River,
including levees, floodwalls, and reservoirs to alleviate millions in damages to
homes and businesses in Lake and Cook Counties. This area experienced historic
floods over the last 30 years and in April 2013, flooding on the Des Plaines
River hit record levels, impacting hundreds of structures and causing road
closures for days.



 Upper Mississippi and Illinois Rivers Flood Risk Management: Includes a
comprehensive study of the levees along the upper Mississippi and Illinois
Rivers on a system-wide basis to improve flood protection and planning across
Illinois levee and drainage districts. In 2009, U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
acknowledged that a rehabilitation of a levee at a single location often cannot
be cost-justified but each location is an integral part of a levee system that
provides essential flood protection benefits. This provision in WRDA will help
elevate and prioritize levee projects in Illinois which are critical to regional
flood protection, but would otherwise be impeded by Army Corps of Engineers
criteria.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              808 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                    Sioux County Index-Reporter (Hull, Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 1, 2014

USDA Rural Development Invests $498 million in Rural Iowa in 2013

BYLINE: Sioux County Index-Reporter staff

LENGTH: 936  words


During the past year a relatively small mission area within the U.S. Department
of Agriculture (USDA) has assisted thousands of rural lowans by helping bring
nearly half a billion dollars to rural Iowa to support community and economic
development projects throughout the state.

USDA Rural Development invested $498 million into rural Iowa in 2013 to develop
homeownership opportunities, as well as wide variety of job-creation and
community-improvement projects and activities.

For instance, USDA Rural Development funds were used to build a road in Warren
County to support an expanding small business, helped the City of Corwith plan
for a new fire station, developed an indoor farmers' market facility in Ot-tumwa
and will assist with the upcoming remodeling and expansion at Floyd Valley
Hospital in Le Mars.

"Our focus is on the viability of rural communities which are so vital to our
state and nation," said Bill Menner, USDA Rural Development State Director in
Iowa. "These are the places that help support American agriculture and foster an
ethic that impacts our workforce, our military and our economy. We are working
with communities to create jobs, expand opportunity, encourage innovation and
build a strong foundation for the future."

In 2013, USDA Rural Development funding, through 40 direct loan, guaranteed loan
and grant programs, helped 2,600 rural Iowa families purchase homes, created or
retained more than 1,000 jobs, and assisted 60 communities with improvements to
facilities, services and infrastructure.

This fail a groundbreaking ceremony was held at the future home of C& L
Companies' new warehouse and distribution and testing facility in rural Warren
County. USDA Rural Development provided a $1 million rural economic development
loan to assist with the expansion project.

Additionally, a $280,000 rural economic development grant helped make upgrades
to the roadway near the warehouse and distribution facility. C&L Companies is a
manufacturer of after-market motorcycle component parts. The project is
estimated to create 14 new jobs.

Access Energy Cooperative used nearly $800,000 in USDA rural economic
development grants and loans (REDLG) in 2013 to create a revolving loan fund
that the Henry County Health Center used to purchase health information
technology (HIT) equipment for the surgical and outpatient departments.

Many recipients of USDA Rural Development's 2013 rural business enterprise
grants (RBEG) are supporting local foods efforts. Cass County used an $11,554
technical assistance grant to help develop sustainable and economically
successful local foods systems that support farm-based businesses and
entrepreneurs in the county.

Ottumwa Progress Inc. received a $62,676 grant to assist with construction
costs, as well as the purchase of equipment for an educational and commercial
kitchen area in an indoor farmers' market facility helping small and emerging
businesses. Winneshiek County Agricultural Extension District received a $48,000
grant to help purchase a refrigerated delivery truck and provide technical
assistance to northeast Iowa food producers and processors through a food hub
delivery and marketing service.

In addition to generating jobs, USDA Rural Development investments are also
creating ongoing economic opportunities in rural America that will pay benefits
for years to come.

The City of Bloomfield received $2 million in loan and grant funds to help
establish an emergency connection to Rathbun Regional Water Association's newly
completed water treatment plant in case the city would need to access additional
water in the future. The plant was supported by $20 million in USDA Rural
Development loan funds and can treat six million gallons of water per day.

"We are very happy to be a partner with all the communities we serve as they
work hard to make investments that will impact many future generations," Menner
added. "We also enjoy working with communities on much smaller projects that
provide an outstanding opportunity for residents to work together and experience
success. Many times, this success leads to bigger community-improvement
initiatives."

This year USDA Rural Development awarded grants of $50,000 or less to 29
communities including the City of Blockton to help purchase a fire truck, the
City of Floris to assist with upgrades at their fire station and to Wayne County
Hospital to purchase a 3-D ultrasound machine and viewing station.

Since 2009, USDA Rural Development has invested nearly $3 billion in rural Iowa
on essential public facilities, small and emerging businesses, water and sewer
systems and housing opportunities for Iowa families.

Further information on programs available through USDA Rural Development is
available by calling (515) 284-4663 or by visiting the agency's web site at
www.rurdev.usda. gov/ia.

USDA Rural Development has 11 offices across the state to serve the 1.7 million
lowans living in rural communities and areas. Office locations include a State
Office in Des Moines, along with Area Offices in Albia, Atlantic, Humboldt,
Indianola, Iowa Falls, Le Mars, Mount Pleasant, Storm Lake, Tipton and Wa-verly.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SXC

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2014 Sioux County Index Reporter


                              809 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                              April 9, 2012 Monday

Rep. Mike Thompson secures $739,800 grant for Eureka Fire Department to help
replace aging ladder truck

BYLINE: The Times-Standard

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 331 words


WASHINGTON, D.C. - Congressman Mike Thompson has helped secure $739,800 in
federal grants for the Eureka Fire Department, according to a release from
Thompson's office. The grants were awarded through the Assistance to
Firefighters Grant Program of the Federal Emergency Management Agency and the
Department of Homeland Security. The Eureka Fire Department (EFD) will use the
grant to purchase a new ladder truck.

According to the release, the department's only ladder truck, a 1977 Sutphen, is
underpowered with a manual transmission, does not seat firefighters in a
rollover-protected cab and can't reach some of Eureka's tallest buildings. The
new truck would allow EFD to more effectively perform its expanded roles of
firefighting and medical response, hazardous materials, technical rescue, urban
search and rescue, water rescue, water-borne firefighting and animal rescue, the
release states.

"This grant will make a tremendous impact for the city of Eureka and its fire
department's ability to provide the highest level of fire protection services
well into the future," EFD Chief Ken Woods said in the release. "Replacing our
aging ladder truck with a modern apparatus helps ensure that the fire department
can continue to fulfill its mission of protection."

The purpose of the AFG is to award grants directly to fire departments and EMS
organizations to enhance their ability to protect the health and safety of the
public. The AFG has provided approximately $5 billion in grants to
first-responder organizations since 2001 and will award another $380 million in
fiscal year 2011, according to the release.

"These grants are a win for the public and our local fire departments," Thompson
said in the release. "They will help our firefighters protect the health and
safety of the public by improving their ability to respond to fire and
fire-related emergencies. I am proud to support these grants and thank our
firefighters and first responders for their service to our communities."

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                              810 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                            November 26, 2010 Friday

Canadian High Commissioner visits flood-hit Dadu

SECTION: Vol. XXXIV No. 325

LENGTH: 353  words


Canadian High Commissioner to Pakistan Ross Hynes visited flood-affected areas
in Dadu district, Sindh to review the work being undertaken with Canadian
assistance.  At internally displaced persons' camps in Dadu, High Commissioner
Hynes was briefed by local officials as well as representatives of the
humanitarian community, including the World Food Program, UN Refugee Agency and
UNICEF.  "These floods have had a devastating impact on the lives of millions in
Pakistan. The government of Canada will continue to support the immediate relief
and early recovery needs of those affected," stated Canadian High Commissioner
Ross Hynes.  During the visit, High Commissioner Hynes announced that the
Canadian High Commission is providing $700,000 in humanitarian assistance to
Pakistan-based non-governmental organizations through the Canada Fund for Local
Initiatives and Balochistan Responsive Fund.

These grants will help build local capacity by supporting projects designed and
implemented by Pakistani organizations. With this support, grant recipients will
distribute basic food and non-food items, hygiene kits, install water
-purification plants, construct temporary shelters and latrines, repair
infrastructure and provide health care services.

Canada will also provide $100,000 in assistance to the Government of Pakistan
National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) Gender and Child Cell to better
integrate the concerns and needs of women and children into all relief, early
recovery and rehabilitation activities through the formulation of policies and
implementation strategies.

The Government of Canada has responded quickly to the floods providing $52.7
million in assistance to support victims of the floods in Pakistan. In addition,
Canadians have donated $46.8 million to flood relief in Pakistan, and the
Government of Canada has put the equivalent amount into the Pakistan Relief Fund
for relief and early recovery assistance.

Canadian assistance is providing emergency food, water, sanitation, agriculture
support, shelter, relief supplies, health services, protection, logistical
support and bridges.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              811 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Herald Sun (Australia)

                           January 28, 2017 Saturday
                               HeraldSun Edition

ARMY OF LIFE SAVERS

BYLINE: EXCLUSIVE GRANT McARTHUR

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 594  words


EXCLUSIVE ORDINARY Victorians will be asked to respond to critical triple 0
medical emergencies.

Ambulance Victoria is developing a smartphone app that will see first
aid-trained community members notified when a triple 0 call is made for a person
having a heart attack nearby.

They will then be dispatched to the call to provide immediate -lifesaving
treatment until paramedics arrive at the scene, under a radical move being
backed by the Andrews Government. With every minute vital to a cardiac arrest
patient's chance of survival the "trusted responder" scheme is hoped to benefit
thousands of Victorians.

But it has also raised concerns about the abilities of citizens to deal with
major medical emergencies and fears of a watering down of ambulance services.
Ambulance Victoria community services general manager Ian Patrick confirmed the
move and said trusted responders could include off-duty paramedics, medical
professionals, other emergency responders and members of the public with
appropriate first aid training.

"The closest available ambulance would simultaneously be sent to these patients
and, in some parts of the state, the fire brigade would also be dispatched," Mr
Patrick said.

"These trusted responders would be given the location of the patient, and sent
to provide CPR.

"We know early effective CPR greatly improves a cardiac arrest patient's chance
of survival." While the initial scheme is intended to cope only with cardiac
arrest cases, documents seen by the Herald Sun outline plans to expand the
system to "an increased cohort of medical emergencies".

CONTINUED PAGE 4 FROM PAGE 1 The mobile phone-based system is designed to
pinpoint the exact location of all registered responders so it can immediately
detect those closest to an emergency and dispatch them to the scene.

Locations of the nearest available defibrillators will also be displayed on the
responders' phone so they can attempt to use it to restart their patient's
heart.

Health Minister Jenny Mikakos said the process would not be used to lower
response times for triple 0 calls, with bystander assistance not to be recorded
in response times data.

"We know the evidence shows that survival outcomes for patients suffering from
cardiac arrest are significantly higher when bystanders in the community act as
first responders," Ms Mikakos said.

"We support initiatives which help to locate skilled bystanders who can provide
immediate CPR until a paramedic arrives." Ambulance Employee Association state
secretary Steve McGhie welcomed moves encouraging members of the public to
provide immediate emergency assistance, but warned there were risks in having
untrained people acting as emergency responders.

As well as requiring the most stringent screening of skills to ensure responders
provided safe first aid, Mr McGhie said the scheme could not be used as an
excuse to water down the ambulance service.

"We don't want it in lieu of additional ambulance paramedic resources but, as an
add on, there are some good things about it - but there are some risks with it,"
Mr McGhie said.

"The principal of training people up to save others is not a bad thing (and) the
issue of having a register of defibrillators is a good thing.

"But, it shouldn't be in lieu of additional ambulance resources and I think
there are some dangers for those responders if they need to get in their car to
get to the scene.

"We would be concerned about somebody racing down a street in their car to pick
up an AED (defibrillator), then racing back to the scene to defibrillate
someone."grant.mcarthur@news.com.au

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Herald Sun


                   Copyright 2017 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              812 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Gazette (Sterling, Illinois)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            August 13, 2016 Saturday

BRIEF: Firefighter grants available

BYLINE: Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 220 words


Aug. 13--BELLEVILLE -- American Water will provide financial assistance to fire
and emergency organizations serving communities in its service areas through its
2016 Firefighter Grant program.

Fire departments-districts are eligible for one grant per calendar year. Grants
of up to $1,000 will be considered to cover the costs associated with the
following: personal protective gear, communications equipment, firefighting
tools, water handling equipment, training and related activities, materials used
to support community fire protection, and reimbursement for specific fire
training classes, including training manuals and workbooks.

Interested fire departments should send a letter of application postmarked by
Sept. 8, 2016 with the following information: description of the organization(s)
seeking support, overview of specific project to be funded and grant amount
requested, community problem, challenges that the project will address,
timeframe for implementation of project, summary of other sources being
approached for support of project, and project budget

Email applications to karen.cotton@amwarter.com -- attention Karen Cotton,
manager of external affairs.

___ (c)2016 the Daily Gazette (Sterling, Ill.) Visit the Daily Gazette
(Sterling, Ill.) at www.saukvalley.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160813-YG-BRF-Firefighter-grants-available-0813-20160813

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YG


                          Copyright 2016 Daily Gazette


                              813 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                     January 20, 1994 Thursday HOME EDITION

TOLL RISES, TRAFFIC WORSE, RAIN DUE

BYLINE: PAMELA KRAMER AND JANET RAE-DUPREE,, Mercury News Staff Writers

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 19A

LENGTH: 1325 words

DATELINE: Los Angeles


Thousands of people driven from their homes by the Southern California
earthquake today are expected to test President Clinton's promise of immediate
aid to this stricken area.

Clinton surveyed the damage across the still-shaking city on Wednesday and said
at least 11 disaster assistance centers are scheduled to open today, offering
one-stop assistance from several government agencies and possibly insurance
companies.

The president arrived from Washington announcing millions in aid for a
gargantuan rebuilding job that Gov. Pete Wilson earlier estimated could match
Hurricane Andrew's $30 billion, the costliest natural disaster in U.S. history.
In a reassuring pledge, Clinton said, "We have no intention -- none -- of
letting this be a short-term thing. We will stay with you until it's finished."
47 dead

The death toll from Monday's 6.6 quake climbed to 47 with the discovery of two
more bodies in crumbled homes, two quake-related heart attack deaths and the
death of a physician killed in traffic accident.

By contrast, the 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake in Northern California caused
nearly $6 billion in damage and killed 63 people, including 43 in the collapse
of the elevated Cypress Street section of the Nimitz Freeway in Oakland.

It wasn't clear whether the president -- who shook his head in amazement at
roadbeds snapped like popsicle sticks and the rubble of buildings -- felt a
5.1-magnitude aftershock that occurred during his tour. But his response to the
rumblings of local leaders at the town hall in nearby Burbank was emphatic:

"This is a national problem, and we have a national responsibility," Clinton
told the group of local, state and federal officials.

Meanwhile, victims continued the wearying road to recovery, often immobilized by
broken highways and flooded phone lines.

Thousands of commuters rose hours before dawn to get an early jump on their
morning drive. They succeeded in a way: they were the first to be stuck in
traffic.

Delays through the troubled Newhall Pass approached three hours. One person on
roller skates was moving twice as fast as automobile traffic.

Tens of thousands lack power

Some 40,000 San Fernando Valley residents remained without water, and thousands
of others were asked to boil possibly contaminated water. Workers repaired one
of the aqueducts that carry water to the valley's 2.5 million residents, but the
water still had to be treated, and service pipelines still leaked.

About 35,000 customers still lacked natural gas; 40,000 households and
businesses were without water; and 52,000 lacked electricity today.

Police Chief Willie Williams said a dusk-to-dawn curfew would remain in effect
for the rest of the week. He said it had contributed to an 80 percent drop in
crime.

The president and his "A-plus" team of federal officials unveiled a wide array
of plans, some of them precedent-setting, aimed at bringing the region quick,
prolonged and thorough relief. Among them:

* Small Business Administration low-interest loans totaling $240 million. *
About $45 million from the Department of Transportation to clear the rubble of
the crippled freeways.

* Assistance in getting Congress to approve emergency supplemental funds to help
speed recovery.

* Additional train cars to handle new riders who otherwise can't get to work.

* Shipment of 1 million gallons of water a day for the tens of thousands of
residents still without water service. By Wednesday afternoon, more than 90
percent of the city's 700,000 Department of Water and Power customers had had
their electricity restored, but 40,000 still lacked water.

* Distribution, for the first time, of vouchers for federally subsidized
low-income housing to quake victims by the Department of Housing and Urban
Development. HUD also may restructure the vouchers to extend them to as many as
10,000 residents.

* Acceleration of Community Development Block Grants already earmarked for the
region, and a policy change making hard-hit areas eligible for the funds. Later,
Congress would be asked to appropriate more money for the areas originally
targeted to receive the block grant money.

New difficulties

As Clinton spoke -- praising Californians for their resilience "against all
odds" -- victims grappled with their new realities.

Vilma Chotenevsky, 40, wept and shook uncontrollably outside a Red Cross shelter
at Granada Hills High School. She and her family had just been allowed inside
their condemned apartment building for a five-minute, grab-what-you-
can-of-your-life-and-run session, when another aftershock hit.

"That's it. I can't take it anymore," she told her husband as she wiped tears
from her eyes. "I'm going to Oregon. You do whatever you want. I never want to
see this place again. It won't stop moving."

In another part of town, Wendy Shapiro lamented the overwhelming bureaucracy
that stood between residents and any approximation of heading toward normal
life.

"We've got no water and we've got no gas and the power is really iffy," Shapiro
said. "The walls are full of cracks, the ground keeps shaking, I can't decide
whether this place is safe or not and I can't begin to figure out how to find a
building inspector. So we're sleeping in the motor home in the driveway until we
do."

In the city of San Fernando, a steady stream of people flowed to a Kmart that
was closed but was offering gallon jugs of water to anyone who asked. "A lot of
my employees are in the same position as our customers," manager Carter Waddams
said.

As emergency efforts continued, people at some shelters complained of long waits
for the basics.

"Bill Clinton is right up the street," one man grumbled as he waited for lunch
that officials said would be too little -- 40 servings for 150 people -- an hour
late.

Red Cross officials said they were not aware of serious delays. But with 25
shelters and the transportation disruptions, "you can imagine the logistical
nightmares," said representative Barbara Wilks. "We don't know whether five
people are going to stay there, or 500 people."

For his part, Doug Nichoalds said he wanted the president to bring faster
building inspections. "Our maintenance man told us yesterday it would be OK to
sleep in that building, but I noticed last night he's still sleeping outside,"
Nichoalds said. As many as 20,000 people are thought to be sleeping in parks,
officials said. A request from the state could lead the Federal Emergency
Management Agency to send tents to shelter those people as weather reports
forecast rain for the weekend.

News that FEMA's disaster assistance centers were scheduled to open today --
offering emergency housing, financial assistance for housing and family grants
of up to $12,200 -- was welcome news throughout the region. A toll-free
telephone number has been overwhelmed with up to 3,000 calls an hour, a
representative said.

FEMA's generous gesture

To ease the burdens of many victims, the agency will allow those who have
entered the country illegally to apply for assistance. People need only show a
utility receipt or driver's license as proof of residency, representative Terry
Hamlin said.

And the voices of cities and neighborhoods that feel forgotten in the
devastation also made themselves heard:

Poor 'wiped out'

"A lot of very poor people who were in substandard housing to begin with were
wiped out Monday," said Jackie Goldberg, a Los Angeles councilwoman who
represents the Hollywood area. Without parks, Goldberg said, the new homeless
are camping out in parking lots of the once-golden neighborhood.

A Ventura County official, meanwhile, welcomed news that his area had been added
to the federal disaster list for aid because of damage to Fillmore's business
district.

Teresa Telesz, 27, a new resident of the Sylmar shelter, had a personal message
for the president: "Can he get us a shower? We're all getting a little ripe out
here."

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: The L.A. QUAKE
Mercury News Staff Writers Cathie Calvert, Rodney Foo and Brandon Bailey
contributed to this report.

GRAPHIC: Photos (2);
PHOTO: ASSOCIATED PRESS
In Canoga Park, as in Northridge, this apartment complex shifted, collapsing
onto a row of cars. President Clinton toured some of the damaged areas
Wednesday.
940120 FR 19A PH 1
PHOTO: ASSOCIATED PRESS
A Department of Transportation worker talks to President Clinton during his tour
in San Fernando Valley. At left is Sen. Barbara Boxer.
940120 FR 19A Ph 2

                     Copyright 1994 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              814 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Herald Sun (Australia)

                           January 28, 2017 Saturday
                               HeraldSun2 Edition

ARMY OF LIFE SAVERS

BYLINE: EXCLUSIVE GRANT McARTHUR

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 595  words


EXCLUSIVE ORDINARY Victorians will be asked to respond to critical triple 0
medical emergencies.

Ambulance Victoria is developing a smartphone app that will see first
aid-trained community members notified when a triple 0 call is made for a person
having a heart attack nearby.

They will then be dispatched to the call to provide immediate -lifesaving
treatment until paramedics arrive at the scene, under a radical move being
backed by the Andrews Government. With every minute vital to a cardiac arrest
patient's chance of survival the "trusted responder" scheme is hoped to benefit
thousands of Victorians.

But it has also raised concerns about the abilities of citizens to deal with
major medical emergencies and fears of a watering down of ambulance services.
Ambulance Victoria community services general manager Ian Patrick confirmed the
move and said trusted responders could include off-duty paramedics, medical
professionals, other emergency responders and members of the public with
appropriate first aid training.

"The closest available ambulance would simultaneously be sent to these patients
and, in some parts of the state, the fire brigade would also be dispatched," Mr
Patrick said.

"These trusted responders would be given the location of the patient, and sent
to provide CPR.

"We know early effective CPR greatly improves a cardiac arrest patient's chance
of survival." While the initial scheme is intended to cope only with cardiac
arrest cases, documents seen by the Herald Sun outline plans to expand the
system to "an increased cohort of medical emergencies".

CONTINUED PAGE 4 FROM PAGE 1 The mobile phone-based system is designed to
pinpoint the exact location of all registered responders so it can immediately
detect those closest to an emergency and dispatch them to the scene.

Locations of the nearest available defibrillators will also be displayed on the
responders' phone so they can attempt to use it to restart their patient's
heart.

Acting Health Minister Jenny Mikakos said the process would not be used to lower
response times for triple 0 calls, with bystander assistance not to be recorded
in response times data.

"We know the evidence shows that survival outcomes for patients suffering from
cardiac arrest are significantly higher when bystanders in the community act as
first responders," Ms Mikakos said.

"We support initiatives which help to locate skilled bystanders who can provide
immediate CPR until a paramedic arrives." Ambulance Employee Association state
secretary Steve McGhie welcomed moves encouraging members of the public to
provide immediate emergency assistance, but warned there were risks in having
untrained people acting as emergency responders.

As well as requiring the most stringent screening of skills to ensure responders
provided safe first aid, Mr McGhie said the scheme could not be used as an
excuse to water down the ambulance service.

"We don't want it in lieu of additional ambulance paramedic resources but, as an
add on, there are some good things about it - but there are some risks with it,"
Mr McGhie said.

"The principal of training people up to save others is not a bad thing (and) the
issue of having a register of defibrillators is a good thing.

"But, it shouldn't be in lieu of additional ambulance resources and I think
there are some dangers for those responders if they need to get in their car to
get to the scene.

"We would be concerned about somebody racing down a street in their car to pick
up an AED (defibrillator), then racing back to the scene to defibrillate
someone."grant.mcarthur@news.com.au

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Herald Sun


                   Copyright 2017 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              815 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                             June 21, 2005 Tuesday
                                FINAL C Edition

Drumheller dodges flood disaster: Teen girl missing after bridge collapse;
searchers hunt for truck's missing occupants

BYLINE: Emma Poole and Deborah Tetley, with files from Sarah Chapman, Leanne
Dohy, Grant Robertson, Elizabeth Whithey, Tony Seskus and Jason Fekete, Calgary
Herald and Edmonton Journal, and a file from Canadian Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 661  words

DATELINE: DRUMHELLER, Alta.


DRUMHELLER, Alta. -- Alberta's Badlands appear to have sidestepped disaster as
flood waters expected to rush into the area and sweep toward hundreds of homes
Monday evening instead slowly snaked around the picturesque valley communities.

Meanwhile, searchers in Morrin, Alta., just north of Drumheller, were looking
for the occupants of a semi-truck that plunged into the Red Deer River. And a
teen girl in Calgary went missing after a bridge over the Bow River collapsed.

Officials in Drumheller admit they caught a major break after a log jam on the
Little Red Deer River, which flows into the Red Deer River, slowed a good
portion of flow headed toward the town of 8,800.

"[The water] appears to be stabilizing," said Ross Rawlusyk, chief
administration officer for Starland County. "The temporary dikes appear to be
doing an excellent job in protecting the town of Drumheller."

More than 3,000 people in Drumheller left their homes Sunday in anticipation of
mass flooding described by authorities as the biggest disaster to hit the area
in a century.

In total, 16 Alberta municipalities remained in states of emergency Monday with
communities in Calgary and to the south and west taking stock of massive
damages, while regions to the east and north braced for a deluge.

In Morrin, a dive team searched the Red Deer River late Monday after a
semi-truck went through a guard rail on a bridge and plunged into the
fast-flowing water. The search also included a helicopter and a fire department
boat.

In Calgary, police believe a missing girl may have fallen victim to the swollen
Bow River while trying to cross a pedestrian bridge that collapsed during
weekend flooding.

"We know she was attempting to cross the river," said acting Staff Sgt. Tam
Pozzobon of the Calgary Police Service. "There's concern she may have fallen
victim to the river."

Meanwhile, about two-thirds of the 431 properties evacuated from Calgary's
riverside communities were expected to again be habitable by midnight on Monday.

In Edmonton, officials declared a state of emergency as residents in low-lying
neighbourhoods kept a close eye on the rising waters of the North Saskatchewan
River. However, many were confident the river would not jump its banks.

And officials in Saskatchewan also issued a flood warning for residents along
the Saskatchewan River, which was expected to experience record levels.

In Ottawa, politicians quibbled over federal flood aid, with Deputy Prime
Minister Anne McLellan saying it's up to Alberta -- not Ottawa -- to decide
whether federal flood assistance dollars will start flowing.

"The province submits their receipts and claims to us, we assess them and the
dollars flow," said McLellan, an Edmonton-based MP. "(But) no request has been
made."

McLellan's comments came as Conservative MPs criticized Ottawa Monday for
failing to respond to the emergency, and for ignoring the flood-ravaged
province.

In Drumheller, hundreds of evacuees spent Monday eagerly awaited news of their
homes after the Red Deer River steadily rose overnight and into the afternoon.
The river peaked at around 9 p.m.

In Edmonton, residents in the low-lying neighbourhood of Riverdale kept watch on
the gushing North Saskatchewan River for signs it would jump its banks.

The city of Edmonton had declared a state of emergency and put floodplain
communities like Riverdale on evacuation watch, but many of the community's
residents expressed cautious optimism early Monday after waking up to dry roads
and basements.

In Calgary, Premier Ralph Klein toured flood-damaged areas and estimated the
damage to be in the hundreds of millions of dollars.

"The damage is pretty widespread throughout southern Alberta," Klein said.

The province has already pledged $55 million in disaster aid to cope with
earlier flooding. Klein said it was too early to tell how much more aid will be
promised.

"This flooding is a lot worse than the flooding I saw two weeks ago," he said.
"It will be increased substantially."

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Grant Black, CanWest News Service; Volunteers fill and load sandbags at a
public works yard in Drumheller, fighting the rising waters.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              816 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 23, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Rhode Island DEM to Receive $129,000 EPA Pollution Prevention Grant

LENGTH: 647  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has issued the following news
release:



 The R.I. Dept. of Environmental Management (RI DEM) has been selected to
receive $129,000 over two years as one of five Pollution Prevention grants being
awarded by EPA's New England Regional Office for the FY2016-FY2017 Pollution
Prevention Grants cycle.





 Pollution Prevention grants fund programs or projects that measurably reduce
the environmental footprints of local and regional businesses through projects
that significantly reduce or eliminate pollution from air, water and/or land
prior to relying on recycling or waste clean-up. In total EPA is awarding
approximately $689,000 for Pollution Prevention grants in New England over the
next two years.



 Under this project RI DEM will begin a new initiative that targets facilities
with aboveground storage tanks containing hazardous materials or petroleum
products in flood-prone coastal communities of Rhode Island for assistance on
pollution prevention and risk preparedness. RIDEM will undertake a multi-office
and agency effort to reduce the potential for hazardous material releases during
storm surges or hurricanes



 "EPA is very pleased to support our partner RI DEM by funding this effective
and well-designed project," said Curt Spalding, regional administrator of EPA's
New England office. "Our Pollution Prevention Grants reduce pollution at its
source, which is the best way to create a cleaner environment and sustainable
economy."



 "Safeguarding Narragansett Bay and the state's waters are among DEM's top
priorities, and this important federal funding will enable us to expand our
pollution prevention efforts in sensitive and flood-prone coastal areas," said
Rhode Island Department of Environmental Management Director Janet Coit.
"Petroleum products and other hazardous materials stored in aboveground tanks
can harm the environment, especially if they're released during storm surges and
weather events. By identifying and mapping the tanks in sensitive coastal areas,
we can better protect our precious waters and support our state's fisheries,
marine trades, and tourism industries. We extend thanks to our federal partners
at EPA for their continued support."



 RIDEM will identify and map tanks in flood and storm surge areas utilizing
Rhode Island's STORMTOOLS Geographic Information System (GIS) mapping layer. It
will design a project-specific survey, mail it to priority facilities, and
analyze the resulting data. RIDEM will develop best management practices that
companies can use to "harden" their sites or otherwise reduce the risk that
hazardous materials will be released during a flood. To encourage companies to
prevent pollution, RIDEM will prepare an instructional workbook and offer
on-site technical assistance. The project will also develop a draft
Environmental Results Program (ERP) model for aboveground storage tanks for
future implementation. The RI ERP model is an innovative regulatory approach,
first implemented in Massachusetts, that includes checklists to measure industry
conditions, agency inspections/evaluations to determine baseline industry
conditions, self-certification and self-auditing by individual facilities,
intervention via education and self-certification, and post-intervention
statistically-based inspections to measure performance.



 Project partners include: Rhode Island Coastal Resources Management Council,
Rhode Island Executive Climate Change Coordinating Council (RI EC4), Rhode
Island Department of Environmental Management Office of Emergency Response, the
U.S. Department of Homeland Security, State Fusion Center, Rhode Island
Emergency Management Agency and the Climate Adaptation & Resilience Information
Sharing (CARIS) Working Group.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              817 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 23, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Rhode Island DEM to Receive $129,000 EPA Pollution Prevention Grant

LENGTH: 647  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has issued the following news
release:



 The R.I. Dept. of Environmental Management (RI DEM) has been selected to
receive $129,000 over two years as one of five Pollution Prevention grants being
awarded by EPA's New England Regional Office for the FY2016-FY2017 Pollution
Prevention Grants cycle.





 Pollution Prevention grants fund programs or projects that measurably reduce
the environmental footprints of local and regional businesses through projects
that significantly reduce or eliminate pollution from air, water and/or land
prior to relying on recycling or waste clean-up. In total EPA is awarding
approximately $689,000 for Pollution Prevention grants in New England over the
next two years.



 Under this project RI DEM will begin a new initiative that targets facilities
with aboveground storage tanks containing hazardous materials or petroleum
products in flood-prone coastal communities of Rhode Island for assistance on
pollution prevention and risk preparedness. RIDEM will undertake a multi-office
and agency effort to reduce the potential for hazardous material releases during
storm surges or hurricanes



 "EPA is very pleased to support our partner RI DEM by funding this effective
and well-designed project," said Curt Spalding, regional administrator of EPA's
New England office. "Our Pollution Prevention Grants reduce pollution at its
source, which is the best way to create a cleaner environment and sustainable
economy."



 "Safeguarding Narragansett Bay and the state's waters are among DEM's top
priorities, and this important federal funding will enable us to expand our
pollution prevention efforts in sensitive and flood-prone coastal areas," said
Rhode Island Department of Environmental Management Director Janet Coit.
"Petroleum products and other hazardous materials stored in aboveground tanks
can harm the environment, especially if they're released during storm surges and
weather events. By identifying and mapping the tanks in sensitive coastal areas,
we can better protect our precious waters and support our state's fisheries,
marine trades, and tourism industries. We extend thanks to our federal partners
at EPA for their continued support."



 RIDEM will identify and map tanks in flood and storm surge areas utilizing
Rhode Island's STORMTOOLS Geographic Information System (GIS) mapping layer. It
will design a project-specific survey, mail it to priority facilities, and
analyze the resulting data. RIDEM will develop best management practices that
companies can use to "harden" their sites or otherwise reduce the risk that
hazardous materials will be released during a flood. To encourage companies to
prevent pollution, RIDEM will prepare an instructional workbook and offer
on-site technical assistance. The project will also develop a draft
Environmental Results Program (ERP) model for aboveground storage tanks for
future implementation. The RI ERP model is an innovative regulatory approach,
first implemented in Massachusetts, that includes checklists to measure industry
conditions, agency inspections/evaluations to determine baseline industry
conditions, self-certification and self-auditing by individual facilities,
intervention via education and self-certification, and post-intervention
statistically-based inspections to measure performance.



 Project partners include: Rhode Island Coastal Resources Management Council,
Rhode Island Executive Climate Change Coordinating Council (RI EC4), Rhode
Island Department of Environmental Management Office of Emergency Response, the
U.S. Department of Homeland Security, State Fusion Center, Rhode Island
Emergency Management Agency and the Climate Adaptation & Resilience Information
Sharing (CARIS) Working Group.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              818 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            February 27, 2005 Sunday

A flood of determination

BYLINE: Reid R. Frazier

LENGTH: 793 words


Michele Birgelen's home in Etna had just been flooded by several feet of muddy,
sewer-tainted water when she got help from an unexpected source.

"There's this brain surgeon and his wife knocking on my door with buckets in
their hands, coming to clean mud out of my house. It was amazing," Birgelen
said.

Like many who have rebuilt their homes and businesses since the Sept. 17 floods
that devastated the region, Birgelen benefited from the outpouring of help from
others.

In addition to receiving help from a neurosurgeon from Allegheny General
Hospital, where she works, Birgelen got $3,500 in donations from coworkers. She
also spent hours on the phone with her insurance company, filled out dozens of
forms for assistance and got price quotes from a long list of contractors to
rebuild the first floor of her home on Dewey Street.

Though some closed their businesses or moved out of flood-damaged homes, many
flood victims in Carnegie, Millvale, Etna and elsewhere say they have are making
progress on rebuilding.

Statewide, the costs of rebuilding from September's flooding top $100 million.
The Federal Emergency Management Agency gave about $80.8 million in grants to
more than 24,000 Pennsylvanians affected by the remnants of Hurricanes Ivan and
Jeanne, which passed through within one week of each other in September. Add in
FEMA grants to local governments and Small Business Administration loans, and
the state received about $139.6 million in federal money in the wake of the
storms.

Allegheny County communities received grants totalling $5.9 million in FEMA
grants to help pay for cleanup, according to the Pennsylvania Emergency
Management Agency.

Though some businesses, like the Blarney Stone in Etna, closed down as a result
of the flood others have rebounded.

Brian and Virginia Heffernan rebuilt Porky's Plain Old Bar in Etna with the help
of neighbors, friends, relatives, and bar patrons, who pitched in after the
flood to dismantle the ruined bar fixtures.

The wooden bar was replaced, and the backroom was renovated to include an
exposed-brick wall. A lot of the labor was donated, Heffernan said. "It was a
lot of small, local businesses helping each other," he said.

"I think it's a nicer place to be at than it was before," said Heffernan, who
has owned the Bridge Street pub for 12 years.

The flood may have forced some businesses in the area to close, but Heffernan
wasn't willing to give up on the community just yet.

"A lot of the small retailers are gone, not just because of the floods, but
because of the Wal-Marts of the world. By no means is Etna dead. It's just
evolving," said Heffernan.

The Heffernans took out $50,000 in loans to help cover most of the $80,000
renovation. The rest came from flood insurance. The couple looked into a Small
Business Administration loan but decided against it because they got a better
interest rate from their bank.

"The Federal Government was not helpful in any way, shape or form," said Brian
Heffernan.

Virginia Heffernan, who tends bar during the day, said the re-opening in late
October lifted her spirits.

"When you come in and you see everybody back on the other side of the bar, it's
uplifting," she said.

Re-opening the Lincoln Pharmacy in Millvale has meant spending every day since
the floods in a construction zone, said co-owner Jennifer Cohen.

"It's like living in dust," said Cohen, who has been overseeing $500,000 in
renovations to the pharmacy her grandfather started with a brother in 1928.

When completed, the shop will look more like a historical pharmacy, with wooden
shelves for prescriptions and antique medicine bottles decorating the store.

Cohen said she was inspired by the resilience of other merchants in Millvale,
whose stores were battered by a wall of brown water Sept. 17. Esther's Hobby
Shop is open across the street, as is Attic Records around the corner.

"When I see someone else re-opening, I think, 'If he can do it, I can do it.'"

Like the Heffernans, Cohen missed her customers the most. "I really missed
seeing the faces of all our customers. Opening up and seeing everybody's face is
wonderful," Cohen said.

In Collier, Dee and Ken Muenster moved into their re-furbished home in January,
four months after the flood. They were helped by volunteers from a downtown
accounting firm who raised $35,000 for rehabilitation.

Their home was flooded by nearly 7 feet of water from Robinson Run, a tributary
of Chartiers Creek.

Dee Muenster said getting help to move back into her home was crucial. Most of
their belongings, including the white baby grand piano that had stood in their
living room for years, was ruined.

"It's like going from being in hell to being in heaven," she said. "When you're
that far down, there's only one way to go."

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2005 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              819 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                          September 10, 2011 Saturday

Halifax road update

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 225 words


Saturday September 10, 2011

HALIFAX -- Though the Halifax Highway Department has made progress in repairing
roads and bridges around town, the following road section or bridges suffered
significant damage and are closed until further notice:

-- Green River Road between Thurber Road and Bucklin Hill Road.

-- Amidon Road between Massachusetts line and Franklin Hill Road.

-- The middle of Stowe Mountain Road although residents from each side can reach
their homes.

-- Deer Park Road between Josh Road and Green River Road.

-- Reed Hill Road is not accessible from the intersection with Branch/Collins
Road, as the bridge is out.

-- Hale Road at the Guilford Town line.

The Halifax Emergency Operations Center had visits from FEMA officials, who
stressed the importance of residents calling to report storm damages if they
wish to be considered for possible grants or loans.

Individuals must call both 211 and 800-621-FEMA (or visit
www.DisasterAssistance.gov ) to apply for individual assistance.

The assistance may be in the form of grants for residents. Second home owners
may be eligible for loans.

To report business damage, call 802-828-5627 for state assistance and
802-828-3211 for the Agency of Commerce and Community Development.

Water, food, cleaning supplies, pet food, and personal care donations are
available at the fire station if you are in need.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              820 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                            January 19, 2014 Sunday

Your Views

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 569 words


FEMA must change disaster process

A Jan. 16 editorial cast doubt on the wisdom of the formula the Federal
Emergency Management Agency uses to determine which towns qualify for aid in the
wake of a disaster. We couldn't agree more.-

After the devastating tornadoes in Harrisburg and Ridgway in 2012, we introduced
a bill that would require FEMA to change the formulas for both individual and
public assistance to take into consideration local economic factors. FEMA is
reviewing its policy when it comes to individual assistance. We've asked FEMA to
do the same for public assistance.-

The good news, following the November tornadoes in Central Illinois, is that
FEMA recommended a disaster declaration for individual assistance to the
president and he made the declaration just before Thanksgiving. More than $2
million in grants and nearly $10 million in low-interest disaster loans to
individuals and businesses have already been approved by FEMA and the Small
Business Administration.

The bad news, as your editorial rightly points out, is that the recent denial of
public assistance to local governments is a problem unique to states like
Illinois with a highly concentrated population. In many other states, including
Iowa, Kentucky and Kansas, a disaster of this magnitude would have easily met
FEMA's funding threshold.-

Those who saw the destruction in Harrisburg, Ridgway, Washington and Gifford
can't fathom why the federal government would deny aid to these communities.
When disaster strikes, Americans dust themselves off and reach out to help their
neighbors. It's time that FEMA's process reflected those values.

U.S. Sen. Dick Durbin, D-Ill.

U.S. Sen. Mark Kirk, R-Ill.

Washington, D.C.

Modified ward system would work here

Bloomington voters in each ward now elect one person to the city council.

On March 18, voters can change the method of electing council members from wards
to a "modified ward" system. In the "modified ward" system, each citizen elects
a council member from his ward and three council members from the entire city.

The opportunity to elect four representatives, as opposed to one, to the city
council is reason enough to vote for the "modified ward" system.

Over the years, Bloomington's population has grown to almost 80,000 people.
Growth causes problems, such as chronic water shortages and pension
underfunding.

Our city council must represent us individually and the city as a whole. The
"modified ward" system ensures that the council represents our individual
interests as well as the interests of the entire city. We support the change to
the "modified ward" system.

Darrell Hartweg

Bloomington

The writer is joined in this letter by his wife, Donna

Don't let West Virginia leak happen in Clinton

My heart goes out to the West Virginia people who have suffered because of a
chemical spill into their water system. This was an accident that wasn't
supposed to happen and although it is being rectified slowly, the long-term
effects to the lives of the Charleston people are still unknown.

Is it too far-fetched to think this could happen to our aquifer if we allow PCB
waste to be dumped at the Clinton Landfill site? We are told that the tanks
could not, would not leak. Was the same said of the tank that leaked 75,000
gallons of chemical?-

Please do not allow this possible life-threatening waste to be dumped or stored
over our aquifer.-

Lynn Stephens

Clinton

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Pantagraph


                              821 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Red Bluff Daily News (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          February 25, 2009 Wednesday

Tehama County PATH asks city for help

BYLINE: Julie Zeeb, Red Bluff Daily News, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 632 words


Feb. 25--The Tehama County Coalition of the Poor And The Homeless is asking the
city of Red Bluff for help in providing a more permanent way to keep the
homeless out of the cold.

All we can do is strike out there and do it, said Allene Dering, PATH board
president.

It's a benefit to the city to have a shelter.

PATH will ask the city to help with the cost of fees, specifically those related
to moving the water and sewer lines, at a special Red Bluff City Council meeting
at 7 p.m. tonight.

The meeting will be at the Red Bluff Community Center, 1500 South Jackson St.

It would be nice if the city would help, Dering said.

We're asking for all of it, hoping they'll give us a part of it.

PATH currently rotates among several local churches and averaged 22 people a
night in January, Dering said.

We had 34 people spend the night last night and as many as 49 come for dinner,
Dering said.

PATH is applying for an EHAP grant for a 2-acre property on Minch Road where it
hopes to eventually build two buildings, Dering said.

The Emergency Housing and Assistance Program grant would be nearly $1 million
and go a long way in helping the group, she said.

The grant will cover the majority of the cost for the first building, but does
not cover moving the water and sewer lines to the property, which would cost
$271,000, Dering said.

It also does not include another $70,000 in city fees, she said.

We have to get the grant and jump through a few hoops to build the building,
Dering said.

The first building, hopefully completed by 2010, will hold about 40 people and
will be a shelter for men, women and children, she said.

It would be tight, but it would be better than what we have at the churches now,
Dering said. The current hosting church holds 32 people comfortably, but many of
the churches are smaller, she said.

It's a struggle to squeeze in, but you don't want to put people out in the cold,
Dering said.

The next step would be to build another building on the same property, which
would house the women and children, she said. The men would continue to stay in
the original building.

PATH is one step closer in providing transitional housing, she said.

Tehama PATH, along with the Glenn and Colusa coalitions, has transitional
apartments for men mostly paid for through a HUD Grant, which covers rent,
utilities and 75 percent of operation costs, Dering said.

Tehama County has three apartments with 12 beds for the men, mostly paid for
through a HUD Grant, which covers rent, utilities and 75 percent of operation
costs, Dering said. Glenn and Colusa have nine beds each.

We still need people to adopt rooms at the Sale Lane House, Dering said.

They could help supply paint, paint a room, supply furnishings or even mentor
the people occupying the room until they get their own place.

The nine-bedroom house will be used for women's transitional housing. To date,
two rooms and the entryway have been adopted, Dering said. That leaves seven
bedrooms, the living, dining and sitting rooms to be done.

We hope local businesses and service clubs will adopt a room, Dering said.

Recent donations from the community have stocked up blankets and food for the
rotating shelter, but has left one need, she said.

We go through a lot of decaf coffee, Dering said.

We make a 50-cup pot of coffee every night, sometimes one and a half pots.

To donate coffee or adopt a room, call 529- 5599.

To see more of Red Bluff Daily News, Calif., or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://www.redbluffdailynews.com Copyright (c) 2009, Red Bluff Daily News,
Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090225-JE-HOMELESS-PROGRAM-20090225

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JE


                                 Copyright 2009


                              822 of 998 DOCUMENTS

          The Daily Telegraph (Sydney, Australia) (Sydney, Australia)

                             April 11, 2005 Monday

Cash but no cause - Too much money raised for tsunami aid

SOURCE: MATP

BYLINE: KELVIN BISSETT

SECTION: LOCALTABLE; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 792 words


EXCLUSIVE

FUNDRAISING for Boxing Day tsunami victims was so successful that Foreign
Minister Alexander Downer was secretly advised that aid agencies may struggle to
spend all their cash.

Documents obtained under Freedom of Information from AusAID, the Federal
Government's overseas aid watchdog, strongly suggest fundraising appeals for
tsunami victims were continued longer than necessary.

More than $250million was donated by Australians to appeals after the tragedy --
easily the biggest outpouring of support for a cause in the nation's history.

Following a February 16 meeting with non-government aid representatives, AusAID
Deputy Director General Charles Tapp wrote a briefing note to Mr Downer stating
that charities had recouped more cash than they needed.

"We are concerned that all five major fundraising NGOs in Australia may have
difficulties expending their funds for the purposes for which they were raised,"
Mr Tapp said.

He said only three agencies by mid February had closed or wound down their
appeals. As of February 16, Australian Red Cross, CARE Australia and Medecins
Sans Frontieres had either closed or wound down their appeals.

Mr Tapp wrote that private donations at that time globally had reached more than
$2 billion and "prioritisation and identification of expenditure of
Australian-raised funds within those networks cannot be assumed".

Other AusAID documents show some of the charities, including Oxfam and
Australian Red Cross, are planning to take 10 years to distribute monies in
affected regions.

In Oxfam's case, only 40 per cent is to be spent in the first year.

The Australian Red Cross alone raised $103million.

Other major fundraisers included World Vision, CARE Australia, Oxfam/Community
Aid Abroad and Caritas Australia.

The donated funds were in addition to $1.06billion in aid money promised by the
Federal Government.

Other issues raised by the AusAid documents were that local government officials
were concerned aid agencies were not sensitive about the need to work closely
with them.

An AusAID e-mail sent out on February 2 stated the Sri Lankan Government wanted
grief counsellors attuned to local religious and cultural sensitivities, so no
Australians were wanted.

"There is resistance to Australian mental health personnel directly working with
Sri Lankan communities," AusAID Assistant Director General Alan March wrote.

Other concerns included warnings about "proselytising" and preparing for
negative media reports.

An AusAID spokeswoman denied on Friday it had asked agencies to stop their
tsunami appeals, but stated "we expect all agencies to act responsibly when it
comes to the raising of funds from the public".

"To date, we have no evidence to indicate that too much money has been raised,"
the spokeswoman said.

She said the needs in the affected areas were "clearly substantial".

How your donation is spent

* WORLD VISION

Amount raised in Australia: $92 million

Spent to date: $10million

How it's being spent: Four phase plan of assistance over five years, beginning
with emergency response, then economic recovery, community/social rehabilitation
and infrastructure rehabilitation. Initially 50 airlifts of food, potable water,
sanitation kits, cooking fuel and utensils and clothing.

Overhead costs: 7 per cent

* CARITAS AUSTRALIA

Amount raised: $16million

Spent to date: $4million

How it's being spent: Emergency relief providing food, water and temporary
shelter to up to 50,000 people. Long term plans for houses, education and other
services to take up to five years.

Overhead costs: Estimated at

8 per cent

* AUSTRALIAN RED CROSS

Amount raised: $103million

Spent to date: $24million.

How it's being spent: Immediate relief provided to more than 800,000 people.
Tens of millions of dollars is to be spent "as long as it takes" on buildings
houses, schools and medical facilities.

Overhead costs: 10 per cent

* OXFAM/COMMUNITY AID ABROAD

Amount raised: $25million

Amount spent: $4.6million

How it's being spent: In Aceh 73,000 people have recieved water and sanitation.
Cash-for-Work projects also established. In India, 12,500 have been given food
stuffs and kitchen utensils. Grants for self-help enterprises. In Sri Lanka,
10,000 people given immediate assistance, plans for 2200 shelters.

Overhead costs: 15 per cent

* CARE AUSTRALIA

Amount raised: $32million

Amount spent: not known

How it's being spent: Emergency assistance in the form of water purification
tablets, blankets and tarpaulins provided to 180,000 Indonesians, 100,000 Sri
Lankans, 50,000 Indians and 20,000 Thais. Future plans include shelter and
micro-credit loans

Overhead costs: 7 per cent

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DTM

                   Copyright 2005 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              823 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                            November 4, 2016 Friday
                                  Mars Edition

SBA lagging on approving flood loans

BYLINE: Erin Blasko South Bend Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 598 words


SOUTH BEND -- It was welcome news in September when the Small Business
Administration announced it would start offering low-interest loans to local
flood victims.

A historic rainfall had just flooded parts of St. Joseph and surrounding
counties, and most of the victims -- home and business owners --were without
flood insurance.

"The severe weather events of this month have devastated several of our local
communities, but they're not alone in their efforts to recover," Gov. Mike Pence
said at the time.

But two months later, only about half of the loan applications that have been
received by the SBA have been approved.

As of Tuesday, the deadline to apply for loans for property damage, just 56 of
126 applications for property or economic damage had been approved, according to
the SBA.

Of the remaining 70 applications, 11 had been withdrawn, 50 had been denied and
nine remained pending.

Business loans were approved at a higher rate than home loans, but not by much
-- 60 percent to 52 percent, respectively.

The approved loans totaled $2.8 million for the entire six-county region,
including $2.7 million for St. Joseph County alone.

Nearly two feet of water filled the lower level of Jamal Henry's south side
home, causing an estimated $15,000 worth of damage.

Henry is a marketing and communications professional with WNIT Public
Television. His wife is a teacher with the South Bend Community School Corp.

"We lost everything in there. Furniture. Flooring. We had to tear out the walls,
Kid's clothes. Toys," Henry said Thursday.

He said he and his wife applied for an SBA loan but were denied based on
"ability to pay."

"Which was interesting," he said. "I've been a loan officer before, and I know
our debt-to-income ratio is low. We definitely had the ability to pay it back."

Fortunately, he said, friends and family pitched in to help.

The SBA will continue to accept business applications for economic injury loans
until June 1, but the window for property damage has closed.

"It's better than none," John Antonucci, director of Emergency Management for
St. Joseph County, said of the totals on Thursday.

More so than the number of approved applications, though, Antonucci said, he was
surprised by the "low number" overall.

"When you had 846 homes affected in some manner (in St. Joseph County) and only
got 110 people to apply for the relief, that's surprising to me," he said.

Antonucci said the county personally contacted affected property owners by both
phone and mail, yet "(we) get one or two calls every day, 'Hey, my basement had
water in it and I need help to clean it out.

"And my question to them is, 'We're 75 or 76 days into this event, you're
calling today?" he said. "'Well, I didn't know about it."

"I'm at a loss, I really am, and I don't how to get more of the word out," he
said.

For those denied loans, the state offers assistance in the form of disaster
relief grants, but the cap is $5,000 and the damage must be verified by an
inspector.

"So at some point they will be awarded somewhere between $1 and $5,000,"
Antonucci said.

Henry said he and his wife were approved for a grant last week but don't yet
know the amount.

"They've been a huge help," he said of the state Department of Homeland
Security, which administers the grant program.

Outside of that, the county has set aside money for emergency repairs to about
80 homes that still have no heat and/or hot water, Antonucci said.

"It's a very serious situation. I just feel so bad for these people," he said.
"And again, it goes back to all off this damage was uninsured."

eblasko@sbtinfo.com

574-235-6187

@ErinBlasko

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              824 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Star (Sheffield)

                                  July 7, 2007

Council to decide on which deserving cases get cash first

LENGTH: 578 words


THE city may be almost dried out but Sheffield Council chiefs now have the task
of deciding which flood victims should receive financial help.

Residents with home insurance are advised to contact their insurance company
while Sheffield Homes will repair council properties.

But there are thousands of residents who did not have insurance - and the
Government says it is unfair to give compensation to them.

A spokesman for the Department for Communities and Local Government said: "Those
who paid out for insurance could feel aggrieved if the Government handed
compensation to those who chose not to be insured.

"Compensation on a wide scale would be a disincentive for people to take out
insurance cover themselves."

Sheffield Council has visited around 2,000 properties offering advice and help
but has not distinguished between those with and without insurance.

Housing chief Karl Tupling said: "We know some insurance companies are reacting
faster than others and that this can be frustrating.

"People with insurance do need to follow the advice of their insurers to make
sure they don't invalidate their policies.

"For those without insurance, especially vulnerable people, we can offer advice
on financial assistance such as emergency payments and grants.

"Every individual's situation is different so we would urge people to contact
the Humanitarian Assistance Centre for advice specific to their family."

The council, Sheffield Homes and Kier are helping more than 200 of the worst
affected families, including those with and without insurance.

They are making the electricity supply safe, checking water and sewage, pumping
out properties, dry vacuum cleaning, removing spoiled items to a safe place
outside the house, and providing emergency heating and humidifiers. No charge is
being made for the work.

There are also decisions to be made about how to spend the £93,527 which people
have donated to the South Yorkshire Community Foundation flood appeal.

The funds will reach "those most in need" and priority will be given to
households with people aged over 70, children under five, people with
disabilities and those receiving benefits.

Donations will be used to "alleviate immediate hardship and suffering" as well
as supporting voluntary and community groups and providing financial assistance
to rebuild areas.

Pauline Grice, chief executive of South Yorkshire Community Foundation, said:
"We will not normally fund people who are fully insured, vehicles or businesses.

"It is likely the fund will help voluntary and community groups who are
providing immediate relief to people affected by the storms and floods, are
providing longer-term rebuilding projects, or who have experienced significant
structural or flood damage.

"These groups are helping with emergency repairs, clothing, food and drink,
heating, cookers and kettles, childcare equipment, beds and bedding and basic
furniture."

The Humanitarian Assistance Centre is based at First Point, Union Street, or
call 0800 915 6912.

n SMALL businesses in Sheffield's Wicker have appealed to councillors to help
them in the wake of the devastating floods.

Muhammad Abdul Majeed lobbied councillors at the Town Hall on behalf of fellow
traders and urged them to help the Wicker get back on its feet.

Mr Majeed said: "Our businesses were seriously affected by the floods and we are
asking for financial assistance to bring the Wicker back to life.

"We are in danger of going back 10 to 15 years because of the flood damage."

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              825 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            October 15, 2004 Friday

Summer of storms adds up to costly losses

BYLINE: WILL VAN SANT

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 897 words

DATELINE: BROOKSVILLE


Hernando County escaped a direct hit during the recent spate of hurricanes but
did not come through unscathed.

The extent of the damage is becoming clear as county officials complete
assessments and  early numbers emerge on the federal aid that has been doled out
in the county.

According to emergency management officials, Hurricanes Frances and Jeanne
damaged 484 homes in Hernando. Of those, 49 are classified as destroyed, meaning
they are uninhabitable. Another 121 are listed as having major structural
damage.

The remainder lost awnings and gutters.

While wind played a role in much of the destruction, the main culprit was downed
trees that battered homes, officials said. They urged property owners to heed
that lesson and make an effort to keep limbs trimmed and trees healthy.

Some of the damage was dramatic, including a Hernando Beach home whose roof
Jeanne lifted then slammed back down.

"What we found fascinating was the number of trees that fell and missed homes,"
county emergency management director Tom Leto said.

The two storms also caused flooding in 94 homes, according to assessments. Some
of the flooded homes are among those listed as having sustained structural
damage. As waters recede and officials are able to reach now inaccessible areas,
the number of homes listed as flooded may rise.

Officials are also attributing one death, that of 77-year-old Marvin Isaacson,
to the busy storm season.

On Sept. 25, the day before Jeanne struck, Isaacson was preparing his Spring
Hill home for the storm, when according to emergency management officials, he
suffered a heart attack. Isaacson, a Chicago native, was a Red Cross instructor
for 40 years and a member of the county's volunteer Community Emergency Response
Team.

Along with much of Florida, the county has been declared a federal disaster
area, clearing the way for financial aid for Hernando government and private
citizens to cover uninsured losses.

President Bush declared Hernando eligible for federal aid on Sept. 5, in the
wake of Frances and on Sept. 26 for Jeanne. People seeking assistance have until
Dec. 11 to register with the federal government, though the eligibility period
may be extended.

For individuals seeking assistance, the standard way to begin the application
process is by calling the Federal Emergency Management Agency's registration
number, 1-800-621-FEMA.

As of Wednesday, 2,494 Hernando residents had called and registered for aid,
compared to 4,988 in Pasco County and 3,579 in Citrus County.

FEMA officials did not have figures on the number of county residents who had
been awarded grants or how much money had been given out. But six grants over
$5,100 had been awarded, FEMA officials said, and an additional five at the
maximum grant amount of $25,600.

In Pasco, 28 grants over $5,100 had been awarded and 10 grants at the maximum
aid amount; in Citrus eight grants over $5,100 had been awarded and eight more
at the maximum.

More than $313.5-million has been given out across the state in emergency
housing aid so far. That money goes for immediate repairs and to house displaced
individuals in hotels and trailers. The federal government pays 100 percent of
such housing assistance.

In addition to emergency housing aid, county residents and businesses are also
eligible for low interest loans through the Small Business Administration. In
Hernando, two home repair loans have been approved for $58,000; in Citrus, one
home loan for $34,600 and in Pasco two loans totaling $48,000.

But officials predict those numbers will rise considerably.

"As for Frances, our loan application volume is beginning to pick up," said SBA
spokesman Tony Bauer. "Jeanne for all intents and purposes is just getting
started."

The county is also eligible for federal aid to cover repairs to damaged public
infrastructure and overtime worked by government employees. The federal
government is paying 90 percent of such aid, the state 5 percent. Hernando
County will make up the rest.

Leto and other county officials are now compiling damage reports for FEMA,
attempting to detail what losses can be attributed to Frances and what to Jeanne
in an effort to maximize the federal assistance Hernando gets.

"It's an incredible challenge keeping up with it all," Leto said. "But I think
we have a good accounting system in the county."

Leto estimated Hernando would get between $4 to $5-million. The figure does not
include what the School Board and Brooksville may seek in aid.

Typically, local government aid is awarded nine months to a year after a
disaster strikes, Leto said.

Will Van Sant can be reached at 754-6127 or vansant@sptimes.com.

HOMES IN HERNANDO DAMAGED BY HURRICANES

Hernando County emergency management officials say hurricanes Frances and Jeanne
damaged 484 homes in Hernando. Of those, 49 sustained major damage, meaning they
are not habitable. Another 121 had major structural damage. The remainder lost
things like awnings and gutters. Ninety-four homes are reported flooded,
including some that also sustained structural damage.

Destroyed   Major damage   Minor damage     Flooded

FRANCES:  10            27             114            63

JEANNE:   39            94             200            31

TOTAL:    49            121            314            94

Source: Hernando County Emergency Management.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2004 Times Publishing Company


                              826 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The News-Item (Shamokin, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 17, 2011 Saturday

FEMA canvasses flood areas Officials get out message on filing for aid by going
door-to-door

BYLINE: Eric Scicchitano, The News-Item, Shamokin, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 854 words


Sept. 17--SHAMOKIN -- A pair of community relations officials with Federal
Emergency Management Agency began canvassing the Shamokin/Coal Township area
Friday to inform residents and business owners of the procedure to file for
federal disaster assistance.

Tom Hyde and Don Roy were walking along South Rock Street -- they began making
rounds Thursday night -- going door-to-door to homes damaged when Tropical Storm
Lee passed through the area last week, causing Shamokin Creek to overflow in
parts of the city's First, Fourth and Fifth wards, as well as in Coal Township,
including parts of Ranshaw and Tharptown.

The storm also caused severe flash flooding and the overflow of creeks
throughout Northumberland County, which, along with 18 other Pennsylvania
counties, was declared a disaster area Tuesday by President Barack Obama.

Mike Skeels, FEMA public information officer, said Thursday there's generally a
60-day window of opportunity from the time a disaster is

declared for victims to register.

Individuals and business owners seeking federal disaster assistance must call
FEMA at 1-800-621-FEMA (TTY: 1-800-462-7585) to file a claim. Claims may also be
filed online at www.disasterassistance.gov or via smart phone or tablet at
m.fema.gov.

'Lost everything'

Their first visit Friday was to Geof Levan of 404 E. Pine St. He's lived on the
second floor of the building the past four years. On the first floor is a
garage, out of which he was running a small-engine repair shop.

That business, he said, all but washed away. In fact, two of his own lawn mowers
washed down Shamokin Creek.

"I lost everything," he told Hyde and Roy. "This is my business, my sole income,
and it's trashed."

Levan is eligible for federal relief for his personal property, but FEMA doesn't
cover damage to businesses, instead directing business owners to the Small
Business Administration for possible awards grants and loans.

"If I get out of this mess I'll thank God because it's in his hands right now,"
Levan said.

On the 100 block of South Rock Street, a fan was used to air out the basement of
the Chesney house. Sue Chesney said the water had risen to the top of her front
porch at 101 S. Rock St., a few boards having buckled. While no water got into
the first floor of the home she and her husband, Tom, have shared since 1974,
she did say moisture was an issue.

Just up the street, James W. Snyder, his wife, Lori, and two children had driven
to their home at 12 S. Rock St., which was condemned Wednesday. They weren't
there to clean; rather, they arrived to check on the house and pick up a few
possessions. The family had bought a fully furnished home Friday just a few
blocks away on South Shamokin Street.

"We even have a dishwasher," Lori said, wringing her hands and smiling, all four
of them sharing a laugh just days after losing nearly everything.

'All gone'

Outside 39 S. Rock St., Debra Mirack told Hyde about what was destroyed inside
her home -- a washer, dryer, large freezer filled with food and a hot water
heater and more.

"The horrible part was the food. I was stocked up for winter. I do canning and
that," she said. "All gone, all gone, all gone."

Hyde spoke with Mirack's neighbor, Helen Lupold, outside her home at 35 S. Rock
St.

"Did you get enough for your heater?" he asked of a damaged heating unit covered
by her homeowner's insurance.

"Yes. They gave me $10,000," she replied.

"Thank God," he said.

Unfortunately for Lupold, she told Hyde that she was not covered for damages to
contents inside her home.

Don't give up

Hyde and Roy track how they make contact with the flood-affected residents, be
it through conversation or simply leaving behind a FEMA leaflet if there's no
answer at the door.

Hyde said the most important thing for people to remember when seeking federal
relief is to see it through.

"Never give up on the procedure," he said.

Reached Friday, Skeels said the procedure includes documenting losses, storing
receipts, photographing the cleanup process and contacting insurance companies.

As for the paper trail, Skeels said that once registered, a FEMA inspector will
visit a property to review losses. But the most important thing, he said, is to
file a loan application with the SBA, whether or not they actually want a loan.
That application should come with associated FEMA paperwork.

"If they don't turn that in, it stops all other funding," he said. "If they fail
to do so in 60 days, it could jeopardize other aid."

Disaster home loans have no closing costs and have low interest rates, Skeels
said. Up to $200,000 is available for a home loan, and up to $40,000 for
personal property.

It's not clear when Hyde and Roy would finish canvassing Shamokin and Coal
Township, but they are tasked to visit all areas throughout the county where
properties are believed to have sustained damage.

Apart from directing people to register with FEMA, their work will also help
coordinate survey teams for the county, along with identifying where those teams
will be headquartered.

___ (c)2011 The News-Item (Shamokin, Pa.) Visit The News-Item (Shamokin, Pa.) at
www.newsitem.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110917-IZ-FEMA-canvasses-flood-areas-Officials-get-out-message-on-filing-for-a
id-by-going-door-to-door-0917-20110917

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IZ


                          Copyright 2011 The News-Item


                              827 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Ruidoso News (New Mexico)

                           February 24, 2011 Thursday

Assistance available for low-income residents suffering freeze damage

BYLINE: Jim Kalvelage jkalvelage@ruidosonews.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 263 words


Low-income residents who sustained damage to homes during freezing temperatures
and natural gas outages earlier this month can get assistance for necessary
repairs through the New Mexico Department of Finance and Administration.

DFA's Local Government Division has made $1.1 million available through the U.S.
Department of Housing and Ur-ban Development's Community Development Block Grant
program.

"As we continue to recover from damage caused by extreme cold temperatures
across the state, it is important that all New Mexicans have to resources to
make necessary repairs," said Gov. Susana Martinez. "This fund will assist those
New Mexicans who were hit the hardest and will allow us to continue the process
of rebuilding and recovering as quickly as possible."

Eligible participants can fund emergency repairs of up to $2,000 for problems
such as broken pipes, repairs to water heaters and furnaces, and water damage to
walls. Regional planning districts in the state will take applications through
March 18.

The Southeastern New Mexico Economic Development District office in Roswell
covers Chaves, Eddy, Lea, Lincoln and Otero counties. The phone number is
575-624-6133.

To qualify for assistance, residents must meet certain income limits depending
on family size. The program is only for repairs on individual properties -
weather-related damage from the utility meter to the home's interior - and is
not available for community or municipal projects. The financial assistance is
not available to homeowners who have property insurance and can file claims with
their insurers.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2011 Ruidoso News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              828 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (Sri Lanka)

                            November 13, 2015 Friday

[Cabinet Decisions]-13.11.2015

LENGTH: 1419 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Nov. 13 -- The bilateral technical cooperation between the
governments of Sri Lanka and Thailand plays a major role in Human Resources
development in Sri Lanka. The Thailand International Development Cooperation
Agency (TICA) with the assistance of the Sri Lankan government has prepared a
five year plan to offer scholarships and training programmes to Sri Lanka
between 2015-2019 related to the fields of agriculture, food technology, rural
development and self-sufficient economy, tourism management and diplomatic
training. The proposal by Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe, in his capacity
as National Policies and Economic Affairs Minister, to sign a Memorandum of
Understanding with the Thai government to promote technical cooperation between
the two countries, was approved by the Cabinet of Ministers.

'Awakening Polonnaruwa' development project

The development of transportation facilities connecting Polonnaruwa and its
adjoining cities has been identified as a priority task under the 'Awakening
Polonnaruwa' development project. Although, the train service is operated across
Polonnaruwa, it is not popular among the public due to time wastage and less
number of operated trains.

The proposal by Transport and Civil Aviation Minister Nimal Siripala de Silva to
undertake a comprehensive feasibility study for rehabilitation of rail tracks
from Maho to Batticaloa and from Galoya to Trincomalee including upgrading of
railway stations, was approved by the Cabinet of Ministers.

Bilateral Air Service Agreement between Sri Lanka and Serbia

The proposal by Transport and Civil Aviation Minister Nimal Siripala de Silva to
sign and enforce the Air Service Agreement with Serbia, which has already been
signed in the official level by an accredited representative of Sri Lanka, was
approved by the Cabinet of Ministers.

Galagedara and Mawathagama Water Supply Project

The proposal by City Planning and Water Supply Minister Rauff Hakeem to
implement the project to provide safe drinking water to residents was approved
by the Cabinet of Ministers.

Improving forecasting capabilities of Meteorology Department on weather changes

The proposal by Disaster Management Minister Anura Priyadarshana Yapa to
implement the project to improve the forecasting capabilities of the Meteorology
Department to minimise the impact of frequent weather hazards, enabling it to
give accurate weather forecasts and alarming services, was approved by the
Cabinet of Ministers.

Vesting of Akuressa Bus Stand with UDA

The Urban Development Authority has acquired about 13 acres of land for town
expansion activities owned by the Land Reform Commission under the proposed
development plan to cater to needs of Akuressa town. It is proposed to relocate
the bus stand in the land acquired. The proposal by Megapolis and Western
Development Minister Patali Champika Ranawaka to acquire the land which the bus
stand is located to the UDA enabling it to be utilised in commercial purposes,
was approved by the Cabinet of Ministers.

Amendment of Tea Shakthi Fund Act No 47 of 2000

The proposal by Plantation Industries Minister Naveen Dissanayake to amend the
Tea Shakthi Fund Act No 47 of 2000 for regular and productive undertaking of
activities of the Tea Shakthi Fund was approved by the Cabinet of Ministers.

Revocation of Irrevocable Deeds of Gifts (Special Provisions) Act

The proposal by Justice Minister Dr.Wijayadasa Rajapaksa to draft legislation to
make provisions for revocation of irrevocable deeds of gifts to be only on the
order of a competent court as recommended by the Law Commission, was approved by
the Cabinet of Ministers.

Project for construction of new houses in plantation sector

The Hill Country New Villages, Infrastructure and Community Development Ministry
has planned to construct 1,877 new houses for the plantation community through
the Plantation Human Development Trust on loan and grant basis. A total of 1,260
houses have already been completed and 617 houses are to be finalised.

A house with an area of 550 square feet built in a seven perch land comprises of
two bedrooms, living room, veranda, kitchen and an attached toilet.

The current amount allocated for a house is Rs. 515,000. Rs. 240,000 of that
amount is given as a grant and Rs. 275,000 is given as a loan. The proposal by
Hill Country New Villages, Infrastructure and Community Development Minister
Palani Thigambaram to increase the above total amount as Rs. 650,000 and the
grant as Rs. 310,000 and the loan amount as 340,000, was approved by the Cabinet
of Ministers.

Establishment of Southern Provincial Development Board

The proposal by Southern Development Minister Sagala Ratnayake to draft
legislation to establish the Southern Provincial Development Board and to
determine Galle, Matara, Hambantota and Monaragala districts and Colonna and
Embilipitiya Divisional Secretariat Divisions of Ratnapura District as areas
related to the activities of the board, was approved by the Cabinet of
Ministers.

Asian Development Bank assisted projects

The proposal by City Planning and Water Supply Minister Rauff Hakeem to award
the contracts for providing consultancy services for design review and
construction supervision of the above project as recommended by the Cabinet
Appointed Standing Procurement Committee, was approved by the Cabinet of
Ministers.

Etampitiya Water Supply Project funded by local banks

The proposal by City Planning and Water Supply Minister Rauff Hakeem to
implement the project at a cost of Rs. 2,039 million obtained from local banks
with a Treasury guarantee, was approved by the Cabinet of Ministers.

Kosgama Avissawella Water Supply Project funded by local banks

The proposal by City Planning and Water Supply Minister Rauff Hakeem to
implement the project at a cost of Rs. 1,062 million obtained from local banks,
was approved by the Cabinet of Ministers.

Medirigiriya Water Supply Project

The proposal by City Planning and Water Supply Minister Rauff Hakeem to
implement the project at a cost of Rs. 1,363 million obtained from local banks
was approved by the Cabinet of Ministers.

Construction of Accident and Emergency Care Units

The policy on accident and emergency services in government hospitals has
already been approved by the Cabinet of Ministers. The proposal by Health,
Nutrition and Indigenous Medicine Minister Rajitha Senaratne to award the
contract of consultancy services to the Central Engineering Consultancy Bureau
and the contract for construction of the units to the Central Engineering
Services (Pvt) Ltd established under CECB for the expeditious construction of
units in following hospitals, was approved by the Cabinet of Ministers.

District General Hospital Kalutara - Rs. 468.84 million, District General
Hospital Polonnaruwa - Rs. 467.17 million, Teaching Hospital Jaffna - Rs. 589.82
million, Base Hospital Kalmunai North - Rs. 374.22 million

Memorandum of Understanding with United Nations Human Settlement Programme

The proposal by Housing and Construction Minister Sajith Premadasa to sign a
Memorandum of Understanding between the UN Habitat and the Housing and
Construction Ministry to facilitate mutual cooperation was approved by the
Cabinet of Ministers.

Financial assistance for implementation of Anamaduwa Integrated Water Supply
Project

It has been proposed to construct a modern full water treatment plant with a
capacity of 11,000m3/day for Puttalam. It will help to provide uninterrupted
safe drinking water for 81,700 people in Anamaduwa, Kotawehera, Navagattegama,
Mahakumbukkaduwela, Mundalama, Galgamuwa, Rasnayakapura, and Puttalam Divisional
Secretariat Divisions.

The proposal by Finance Minister Ravi Karunanayake to enter into separate
agreements with the government of Spain and the Hatton National Bank in Sri
Lanka who provide the financial assistance for the above project, was approved
by Cabinet of Ministers.

Amendment of Fisheries and Aquatic Resources Act No 2 of 1996

The Cabinet of Ministers approved the amendment of the Fisheries and Aquatic
Resources Act No 02 of 1996 to increase of penalties for the offences in the
international sea on 14-10-2015. The proposal by Fisheries and Aquatic Resources
Development Minister Mahinda Amaraweera to submit the amended bill prepared by
the Legal Draftsman to the Parliament, was approved by the Cabinet of Ministers.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily News Sri Lanka. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              829 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                          October 18, 2000, Wednesday

CITY AIDS 3 BIZ OWNERS WHO WERE BURNED OUT

BYLINE: By JOYCE SHELBY DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SUBURBAN; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 363 words

A group of Parkside merchants whose businesses went up in smoke on July 31 got
some help from the city yesterday as they try to rebuild.

With checks in hand, representatives from the city's emergency response unit of
the Business Services Department went to the scene of the three-alarm fire on
Parkside Ave. between Flatbush and Ocean Aves.

"This is a godsend," said Pearl Miles, district manager of Community Board 9, in
whose area the commercial strip is located.

"These merchants invested everything in their small businesses and then
unexpectedly experienced loses. Without help like this, they couldn't rebuild,"
Miles said.

Charlene Mullings, owner of A Ya It Deh Restaurant, was one of three merchants
to receive a $1,000 grant from the city.

Mullings opened her Jamaican and soul food restaurant in January, fulfilling the
dream of her mother, Salome Moffatt, who loves to cook.

"Business had been very good," Mullings said. "The fire was a very big blow.
This is a help, but we will need so much more to reopen the place."

Mullings said she may have to move to a new location.

The early morning blaze on July 31 destroyed nearly a block of small businesses
that included a dry cleaner, a thrift store and a laundermat.

In addition to Mullings, the owners of Normandy French Cleaners and Suzie
Enterprise, a 99-cent store, received grants from the city.

Bernadette Nation, emergency response unit director, said her office offered
assistance to all the merchants wiped out by the fire, but not all accepted.

"We have no power to tell property owners what to do. But we try to assist them
and tell them of tax incentives that are available to help them rebuild after a
disaster such as a fire or a water main break," Nation said.

The agency, which was established two years ago, also helps to cut red tape with
other city agencies.

"After a disaster, a merchant may not know where to go to get the business
reopened," Nation explained.

The money provided by the city yesterday was through a program established by an
anonymous donor and does not have to be repaid.

The funds may be used to purchase inventory, clean up, rebuild or relocate.


LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: EDWINE SEYMOUR CITY GRANTS   Checks for $1,000 were distributed to
merchants burned out of business in July. Displaying checks, from left, Michael
Melamed of emergency response unit of Business Services Department; Pearl Miles,
district manager of Community Board 9; Eric Parker, also with the emergency
response unit, and Bernadette Nation, director of the unit.

                        Copyright 2000 Daily News, L.P.


                              830 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 21, 2017 Tuesday

San Jos\xE9 Coyote Creek Flood Recovery Update - March 17, 2017 6:00 p.m.

LENGTH: 2175  words

DATELINE: New York



 San Jose: City of San Jose, The State of California has issued the following
news release:



    Provision of assistance to flood victims and recovery work in the affected
neighborhoods continues to progress, as indicated by:



     The population at the shelter continues to fall, from 117 on Saturday,
March 11 to progressively less each night, with 69 persons overnighting at the
shelter on March 16.



     55 households who have used the shelter over past weeks are under case
management with Catholic Charities. They are being provided with a range of
assistance for food, shelter, health, and other needs.

     As of March 16, Sacred Heart Community Services has issued 502 checks
totaling $1.4 million from the Flood Victims Relief Fund. Checks will continue
to be issued to qualifying households.

     More forms of assistance are becoming available: Detailed below is the new
mobilehome repair grants program and the opportunity for property owners to
defer payment of their property taxes.

     City staff report that the volume of flood-related debris is showing signs
of dropping.



 San José community service officers continue to provide foot patrol in the
flood affected areas, and residents speaking with the patrolling officers have
expressed appreciation for their presence.



 Weather Update



 The National Weather Service is predicting mild rain for the upcoming weekend,
with additional storms being possible next week. According to the Santa Clara
Valley Water District, "the forecast through Tuesday next week is that Anderson
Reservoir will not spill." The Water District continues to make releases from
the reservoir to provide additional flood storage. For weather information, go
to http://www.wrh.noaa.gov/mtr/. For Santa Clara Valley Water District
information about reservoir levels and stream flows, go to
http://alert.valleywater.org/.



 Volunteers Still Strongly Needed



 Kelley Park Cleanup on March 18, 9am-2pm.

 While progress has been made, there remains a strong need for volunteers to
continue assisting with park cleanups -- such as the Saturday cleanup at Kelley
Park (1300 Senter Road) -- and serving meals at the shelter. Please see
volunteer opportunities at http://helpindisaster.com /sanjose. The 4,000-plus
volunteers that have worked to help the flood-affected communities to date have
made a tremendous difference, and are deeply appreciated by both flood victims
and the City organization.



 Shelter at Seven Trees Community Center - Update

 Media is not to film or photograph at the shelter to protect the privacy of
individuals using the shelter.



 Shelter population. The shelter at Seven Trees Community Center, managed by
HomeFirst under a contract with the City, remains open 24/7. With more of the
shelter population opting to stay at hotels, motels, and other housing options,
the overnight population has dropped. On Saturday, March 11, 117 persons
overnighted, and the number has progressively lessened each night, with 69
persons overnighting at the shelter on March 16.



 Case management through Catholic Charities. Since March 11, case workers from
Catholic Charities have been working to assess shelter residents' long-term
housing needs and other social service needs. As of March 17, 55 households from
the shelter population are under case management. Housing options are being
coordinated with the City's Housing Department.



 Medical assistance. Since March 10, doctors from Valley Medical Center (VMC)
have been visiting the shelter to assess the health of those seeking their
service and to dispense medicines as needed. On the third and most recent visit
on Wednesday, March 15, only six people--all with medical insurance--opted to be
examined. Accordingly, visits by VMC doctors will likely diminish. As has been
the case, shelter residents continue to have access to no-cost transportation to
doctor appointments or any medical service.



 Transportation assistance. Shelter residents are provided with transportation
assistance that includes:



     City staff are transporting children (14 children as of March 16) staying
at the shelter to and from school.

     Free VTA bus passes are available to shelter residents.

     Free taxi service is offered between the shelter, Sacred Heart, City Hall,
and flood-affected homes.





 Sacred Heart Distribution of Flood Victims Relief Fund - Update

 1381 S. First Street, San José



 After the closure of the Local Assistance Center (LAC) at Shirakawa Community
Center on March 8, all applications for financial assistance from the San Jose
Flood Victims Relief Fund is through Sacred Heart Community Services at 1381 S.
First Street, San José. Between February 25 and March 8, the multi-agency LAC
served 1,886 households; since then, agencies continue to offer services but
through their home offices.



 An updated trilingual handout, Flood Victims Relief Fund: How to Apply for
Financial Help explains the application steps and hours of service.



 As of March 16, Sacred Heart has issued 502 checks totaling $1.4 million to
those flood victims with the greatest need, and check issuance is continuing.



 Housing Assistance, General Inquiries, Expedited Permit Assistance - Update

 City Hall, 200 E. Santa Clara Street, San José

 If driving, park under City Hall Tower on 6th Street. Bring the parking stub to
the first floor for validation.



 People affected by the flood can go to City Hall for housing assistance and
expedited building permits, as well as access to a range of flood assistance
information. Staff report that between 8 and 12 persons have been visiting
Counter #5 daily.



     First Floor Counter #5 - Housing assistance, flood recovery information:
Housing Department staff at Counter #5 are here to help people connect with
resources for food, housing, social services, legal assistance, mold
remediation, and more.

     First Floor Assistance Desk (Tel: 408-535-3555) - Expedited building
permits: A designated line is available for property owners affected by the
flood who need building permits. The City has waived permit fees for
construction work associated with flood recovery.



 Building Inspections and Entry Status of Properties - Update



 Across all three impacted areas, as of today, the large majority of units have
been cleared for entry. The number of units with restricted re-entry (yellow
tags) continues to fluctuate around 138-140. The fluctuation is due to some
building inspectors identifying properties that need to be added to restricted
entry while also clearing some properties for full entry. The published number
as of March 17 is 140 units with restricted entry. By neighborhood, the status
is:



     Near William Street: Naglee Park, Brookwood Terrace, and Olinder
neighborhoods:

     3,157 units with 114 units under restricted entry; one outbuilding was
destroyed and has no-entry (red tag) status.

     Rock Springs neighborhood

     535 units with 26 units under restricted entry

     Old Oakland Road mobile home parks

     557 units, all clear for entry



 Flood Damage Repair Program for Mobilehomes - New



 The San José Housing Department has created a grant program for mobilehome
owners who experienced flood damage. The repair work will be done by the City's
nonprofit partners: Rebuilding Together will do repairs at Golden Wheel
Mobilehome park and Habitat for Humanity will do repairs at South Bay Mobilehome
park. Both were selected through a competitive process to perform work up to a
value of $5,000, including repairs to mobilehome skirting, stairs, duct work, or
foundations.



 Approximately 100 homeowners have requested assistance to date. The homeowner
needs to complete an application and provide homeownership and income
verification before construction work can commence. For more information, please
contact Eric Calleja, Housing Department Development Officer, at 408-535-2650.



 Damage Assessments by State and Federal Agencies - Update



 Santa Clara County officials hosted a tour with FEMA and the California Office
of Emergency Services of damage to publicly-owned unincorporated property and
city property on March 6. The City of San José hosted tours with the California
Office of Emergency Services and the Small Business Administration of
flood-impacted public and private properties on March 7-8. Touring officials
were given a firsthand look at the evacuated sites and were appreciative of the
all-hands effort provided by local officials and the outpouring of support,
volunteerism and philanthropy from residents.



 Damages to public property in the City of San José are estimated at $18
million; and damages to private property in San José are estimated at $50
million. City staff anticipate that decisions from the federal and state
agencies on the provision of funding assistance will be announced mid to late
next week.



 Disposal of Flood-Related Debris



 This week City staff reported that they began to see a reduction in the setout
of flood debris, and anticipate reducing daily debris pickups to three times per
week in the near future.



 To date, more than 2,100 metric tons of flood damaged debris and material have
been collected by city crews from across all affected areas. This does not
include Household Hazardous Waste (HHW) collection information at this time,
which will expand that number. One metric ton is roughly equivalent to the size
of an average adult elephant and is equal to 2,205 pounds.



 Property Tax Bill Deferral for Qualifying Flood Property Owners



 With Governor Brown's March 7 "Proclamation of a State of Emergency" for
counties impacted by floods, the Santa Clara County Assessor has authority to
postpone the payment of property taxes otherwise due on April 10. Property
owners must submit two one-page forms:



     The "Application for Reassessment of Property Damaged by Misfortune or
Calamity" may enable a temporary reduction in assessed value. The loss must
exceed $10,000 of current market value. This applies to residential, commercial
and industrial buildings, including mobilehomes. It does not apply to vehicles
and the contents of a home. Access the form at
https://www.sccassessor.org/index.php/forms-and-publications/forms/disaster-or-c
alamity-relief-section-170/download.

     The "Property Tax Installment Deferral Application" may enable deferral of
payment without penalty or interest until the Assessor's Office reassesses the
property, and the Tax Collector issues a corrected tax bill. To qualify,
properties with a homeowner's exemption must suffer damages of at least 10% of
fair market value or $10,000, whichever is less. Properties without a
homeowner's exemption must have damages in excess of 20% of fair market value
(not assessed value). Access the form at
https://www.sccassessor.org/index.php/forms-and-publications/forms/property-tax-
installment-deferral-application/download.



 These forms must be submitted no later than 5:00 p.m. on April 10. For more
information, contact the County Assessor's Office at 408-299-5500.



 Transportation Support



 Free Taxi Service between Shelter, LAC, City Hall, Sacred Heart and Homes.
Flood victims can call Yellow Cab at 408-777-7777 for a ride between the Seven
Trees shelter, Sacred Heart the Local Assistance Center, City Hall, and their
homes. Provide the driver with Account #1421 to cover the taxi fee.



 Dealing with Mold



 Information on dealing with mold, which is a serious problem after a flood, is
available:



     Tips provided by the Environmental Protection Agency to protect indoor air
quality from mold and bacteria are available in English, Spanish and Vietnamese.


     The City has coordinated with the County Health Department to provide
detailed instructions regarding mold cleanup and working with mold experts in
English, Spanish and Vietnamese.

     Residents may seek additional assistance by speaking with staff at City
Hall, first floor, Counter #5, as limited assistance with mold remediation may
be available through the San Jose Conservation Corps.



 Hiring a Construction Contractor



 Affected residents are encouraged to follow the State Contractor Licensing
Board's tips for hiring a construction contractor, available in English, Spanish
and Vietnamese. Residents are responsible for costs associated with these
services. To verify if a contractor has a current state license, visit the
California Licensing Board website.



 Towing and RV Parking



 Parking enforcement is suspended for the duration of the emergency in the
affected neighborhoods. Vehicle owners will not be charged for towing related to
the flood. Owners can contact the Police Station Auto Desk by calling
408-277-4263 to determine where their vehicle is located for retrieval.



 The City has temporarily suspended Municipal Code 17.72.610 and will allow
recreational vehicle parking and storage in flooded areas.



 If the vehicle remains parked within the flood-impacted area after 72 hours,
the City may take action to remove the vehicle as authorized under CVC 22654(e)
and/or 22651(k).



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editori@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              831 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Eastern Riverina Chronicle

                                January 18, 2011

Fair go wanted for small business

SECTION: NEWS - GENERAL

LENGTH: 632  words


Small businesses in Lockhart and Greater Hume Shire have been excluded from
natural disaster cash grants  after the October floods.

Only primary producers affected by the flooding were able to claim.

"For some reason unknown to council, small businesses were excluded from the
cash grants of up to $15,000," Greater Hume Shire General Manager Steven Pinnuck
said on Friday.

"It was disappointing, given that small businesses were included in the November
and December natural disaster declarations", he added.

Since parts of Henty, Culcairn and Holbrook went under water in the October
flash floods, Greater Hume Shire Council has lobbied strenuously to Emergency
Management NSW and the local representative of the Department of Premier and
Cabinet, Ross O'Shea.

Small businesses in the rural communities of Lockhart and Greater Hume shires
have been disadvantaged as the floods in October did far greater damage than the
rains that came during November and December.

Last week Member for Wagga Wagga Daryl Maguire drew attention to the anomaly.

He raised the situation with acting Emergency services Minister Tony Kelly,
appealing to the government to take a fair and equitable approach.

Mr Maguire pointed out that residents were taken by surprise by the flash
flooding at Yerong Creek, The Rock, Lockhart and Uranquinty, Adelong and
Tarcutta in October.

Unlike the control flooding (when water was released from the dam in
November-December), people didn't have time to take their equipment, machinery
and stock to higher ground.

While Mr Maguire believes the businesses affected by the flooding were small in
number he said the impact was just as severe.

"A business employing seven people in Lockhart can just as heavily impact on the
economy of a small rural community as bigger businesses going under in regional
centres," he said.

To access grants after a natural disaster has been declared, the state has to
make a case and approach the federal government for grants which is then funded
jointly by both governments.

In severe disasters like the Victorian fires and the Queensland floods, the
government can request the maximum of $25,000 plus adults and children can claim
up to $3000 in extra grants through Centrelink.

Daryl Wade, owner of the Lockhart Roadhouse has some advice for people whose
properties have been flooded with water.

"Don't wait for the authorities to do anything, do it yourself otherwise you'll
still be waiting six months later."

When Mr Wade's roadhouse in Urana Street, Lockhart, was inundated with water in
the October flash floods, the water rose over a metre to cover the counter.

The creek ran so powerfully that water coming down from the storm drains was
blocked and volumes of water came back up through the drainage system to flood
the road and houses nearby.

"On that Saturday morning we had lost our home, personal affects, our business
and did not know where we were going" Mr Wade said.

His insurance covered him for flood and storm. "Thankfully the insurance was
extremely good and we helped ourselves," he said.

As well as losing stock and equipment Mr Wade had to strip out all the gyprock,
spray for bacteria and mould, re-gyprock and re-carpet. He has just about
finished painting the interior.

It took eight weeks for the business to be fully operational.

"Obviously we are doing it in stages, we had the fuel tested at the bowsers so
we could sell fuel then the drinks and fridges and gradually got going that
way," he explained.

Working in the timber industry for 25 years before coming to Lockhart, Mr Wade
is a handy tradesman and has been able to overcome the shortage of professional
tradesmen.

In relation to the national disaster declaration, Mr Wade said, "a lot of people
were offering assistance but at the end of the day we got nothing."

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2011 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              832 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             March 3, 1998, Tuesday

Flood aid deadline extended to April 6

BYLINE: JOSH ZIMMER

SECTION: CITRUS TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 703 words

DATELINE: ARROWHEAD



County flood victims now have until April 6 to register for housing disaster
relief from the Federal Emergency Management Agency.

The previous deadline was this coming Saturday.

Word of the change came late last week as flood levels in Arrowhead rose  again,
Nancy Witty, the county's hazard mitigation director, said Monday.

"That's good," Arrowhead resident Tom Spence said of the new deadline.

Spence, whose flood insurance will cover many costly house repairs, has  stayed
during the crisis and said he will probably seek federal money to build  a
cement wall around his house.

Many flood-stricken residents along the Withlacoochee River in Citrus  County
already have received the first line of federal assistance: checks to  help them
cope with immediate needs.

For example, Waymon Craton of Arrowhead said he is using $ 400 from FEMA to  pay
his mother-in-law's motel rent in Georgia. The 86-year-old woman moved out  of a
trailer on Craton's property when high water made living there too  difficult,
he said.

A neighbor of Craton's is using his check to pay for keeping his vehicle at  a
rental facility in Crystal River.

However, the second pool of funds must be used for housing reconstruction  and
repairs or elevations.

That money, which Citrus County must apply for, would come from FEMA's  hazard
mitigation grant program and require extensive, hands-on involvement by  the
county in conjunction with the state and federal governments, Witty said.

Unlike in previous disasters, FEMA this time will rate applications from
affected counties on a competitive point basis instead of giving communities  an
aid package based on a percentage of the total damage, she said.

Witty predicted that many houses have structural damage from being exposed  to
standing water - for two months in many cases - which causes mold in walls  and
weakens foundations.

It's not clear how much money will be available. Witty said the county  should
compete well with other Florida counties declared eligible for disaster  relief.
Individuals will then qualify for assistance based on a house's  damage.

"When you're dealing with a situation like that, a lot of time you may not  just
find your wells and sewers are affected," she said. "We may be looking  at
structures that have sustained damage . . . with their foundation system.  In a
couple of months, we may find out there's additional damage."

Before the floodwaters began rising again last month, several people called
about structural damage, she said.

Craton said his foundation has settled. Instead of applying to FEMA, he is
seeking funds through the U.S. Small Business Administration.

Despite satisfaction over the deadline extension, the change puts more  pressure
on the county, which must prepare an application for review by the  state
Division of Emergency Management and by FEMA, Witty said.

To accomplish that, the county needs to send employees out to conduct
individual assessments on homes. But the county's current deadline is April  20,
just two weeks after individuals finish registering.

It is not clear when the floodwaters will recede enough to allow county  workers
to assess houses.

That frustrates residents and the county, Witty said. The county may ask  FEMA
to extend that deadline, she said. Officials of FEMA, which wants to  distribute
the housing aid by June, could not be reached for comment Monday.

"I think it's very disconcerting," Witty said. "You know there's so much  out
there, and you can't get out there . . . have that one-on-one contact  that's so
important.

"We really need for them (residents) to work with us so we can help them.  We're
there to help them get into safe, healthy living conditions . . . and  take them
out of the high risk of flooding in the future."

Witty encouraged residents to call her office at 527-5253 in the Lecanto
Government Complex so she can fill out basic information sheets and begin
compiling a damage list. The forms also are available in the government
complex, the courthouse in Inverness and all county libraries.

The FEMA registration number is (800) 462-9029; (800) 462-7585 for the  hearing
impaired.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITRUS TIMES

                    Copyright 1998 Times Publishing Company


                              833 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Laurel Leader-Call (Mississippi)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 5, 2011 Sunday

NO FUEL TO BURN

BYLINE: Charlotte Graham, Laurel Leader-Call, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1482 words


June 05--LAUREL -- Fuel prices are burning a hole in the budgets of Jones County
volunteer fire departments who depend on funds from the Jones County Board of
Supervisors, grants and private donations to keep them running.

Jones County Fire Coordinator Dan McKenna said most of the 18 volunteer fire
departments that make up the Jones County Fire Council have practically depleted
the funds budgeted for fuel cost. McKenna noted that Ellisville Fire Department
is also a member of the Jones County Volunteer Fire Department; however it is
staffed by both volunteer and paid firefighters. Unlike other fire council
members, the Ellisville Fire Department also receives financial assistance from
the City of Ellisville.

"Each department in the county received $29,291.52 from the board of supervisors
last year," said McKenna. "That averages to $2,440.96 each month."

The funds are used to pay for utilities, vehicle maintenance, insurance,
equipment purchases and repairs and rescue notes, as well as fuel.

"In many cases, that $29,000 becomes considerably less once everything is taken
care of," said McKenna. "In the case of the Pleasant Ridge Volunteer Fire
Department, for instance, the $29,000 shrinks to $720.32- a-month.

"The good thing is their notes are paid off this year. But with that said, the
replacement of equipment is a continuing process."

McKenna pointed out that the department has a rescue vehicle that holds 40
gallons of fuel; a pumper that holds 50 gallons and a tanker that holds 75
gallons. With the price of diesel fuel standing at about $4 a gallon, it would
cost $650 to fill up all the trucks.

"That's 165 multiplied by four," explained McKenna. "When you subtract that from
the $720, it leaves them with about $80 in their account."

He said that since the federal government is cutting funding for a number of
agencies, including volunteer firefighters, departments have to get creative
like everyone else and find ways to maintain their budgets and stay within their
means. McKenna said since a lot of the grant funding that was available to
firefighters has been cut, firefighters have to seek funding elsewhere.

"Grants are going away, particularly those designed to assist firefighters,"
said McKenna. "After the 9-11 tragedy in 2001, the government started the
Assistance to Firefighters (a.k.a. FIRE) Grant Program and the Staffing for
Adequate Fire and Emergency Response (SAFER) Grant Program.

"This was the country's first effort ever to support and provide assistance to
America's first responders. These grants were supposed to be funded on a level
of $1 billion a year for all the firefighters in the United States."

McKenna noted that on June 1 Congress voted to allocate $335 million for each
program.  He explained that FIRE grants provide funds to assist departments in
meeting the firefighting and emergency response needs of fire departments and
non-affiliated emergency medical services organizations. Grant categories
include training, wellness/fitness programs, vehicles, firefighting equipment,
personal protective equipment, fire prevention programs, etc.

SAFER Grants help departments in hiring firefighters, recruitment and retention
of volunteer firefighters.

McKenna said fire departments from across the county compete for these grants
and in the past Jones County fire departments have been awarded grants. Several
fire departments were in the running for grants this year, but were informed of
funding cuts that limited the grants. No county fire department received grant
funding.

Fire Council President Gordon Pitts said although firefighters are in need of
additional funds, it's hard for them to focus on fundraising, let alone sponsor
fundraising events when they are so busy fighting fires.

"Right now we are depending on the funds we receive from the supervisors and the
money we receive from water associations," said Pitts. "The water associations
in the rural areas have it where people can donate from 50 cents to $2 to the
volunteer fire departments when they pay for their bills. That can come in very
handy, especially if we keep at the pace we have been going these past few
weeks."

Call volume costly

During the Memorial Day weekend Volunteer Fire Departments responded to 51 calls
ranging from brush and structure fires to medical emergencies. At one point on
Memorial Day, 14 of the 19 fire departments that make up the Jones County Fire
Council were out on fire calls simultaneously.

Pitts pointed to a fire his department responded to on Wednesday as a prime
example of how quickly a fire department's budget can take a hard hit from the
high cost of fuel. Tankers from Ovett responded to a fire in South Jones County
and had to spend more than $100 to refill the truck with fuel.

"That was just for one run," he said. "It's even more hard-hitting when you have
more than one fire a day."

Fire Chief Tim Flynt of Powers Volunteer Fire & Rescue said fuel budgets also
take a big hit when firefighters have to spend hours battling a blaze. On May
29, firefighters from his department spent five hours battling a fire on Highway
184, East.

"The pumper and truck sat there at the site for five hours with the engines
running," he said. "A lot of fuel was burned during that fire.

"We have six trucks and on an average call, we like to get all of our personnel
on the scene. At the fire on Highway 184, we took four trucks which means we
used fuel for all these trucks."

Flynt said things weren't so bad during the years prior to Hurricane Katrina. At
that time he said gas prices were less than $1.50 a gallon.

"That's a big difference from the $4 a gallon we're paying now," said Flynt.
"Before Katrina we could spend $150 a month on fuel. Now we are spending $500 a
month."

McKenna said, as a whole, volunteer fire departments' spend from $400 to
$700-a-month on fuel. Because of last month's high call volume, he expects to
see an increase in the amount of money spent on fuel.

Getting creative

However, Chief Mike Hodge of the Sharon Volunteer Fire & Rescue is looking to
reduce his fuel cost with a variety of fundraising projects.

"We are selling barbecue plates to raise money for the department," said Flynt.
"We've never had to do a benefit before to raise money to pay for gas, but with
prices the way they are right now, we had to do something."

Sharon volunteer firefighters are selling barbecue chicken plates for $9.  The
plates include half a chicken, baked beans and potato salad. Smokehouse Barbecue
of Laurel is preparing the meal.

"We have got 400 tickets to sell for this barbecue fundraiser that will be held
on June 24," said Flynt. "We hope we sell out and have to get more tickets."

Those interested in purchasing tickets can purchase them from any Sharon
volunteer firefighter or phone Flynt at 601-319-4649 to make arrangements to
pick up tickets.

"If any businesses would like to order 10 or more plates, we will be glad to
deliver them," added Flynt. "We hope the community will support us."

Until fuel costs begin to decrease, Pitts said fire departments will keep hoping
for a slow and wet season. But if it doesn't happen and the fires continue,
firefighters will continue to respond.

"We're going to do what we have to do to fight the fires and protect the
community," he said. "As fire council president, I would like to thank the
firefighters for their time and dedication.

"It's asking a lot of them as they try to hold down a job, be there for their
families, and at the same time, work as volunteer firefighters," added Pitts. "I
can't tell you how many hours they spend away from their families."

Board of Supervisor President Andy Dial also appreciates the firefighters and
their work in the community. He acknowledges that they, as well as other county
departments, are greatly impacted by the high cost of fuel.

"No one expected the gas prices to be where they are today when we made out our
budget for the year," said Dial. "Our fuel budgets are probably anywhere from 25
to 30 percent over our budgeted amount.

"Everything associated with petroleum has gone up. It's even affecting the cost
of our asphalt that we use."

Dial said he has no solution for the problem at this time. However, he added
that if push comes to shove, the supervisors have to look at the county's
remaining funds to see if they can further assist the firefighters.

"We base the budget on money we have coming in," said Dial. "All of that has
been allocated.

"This fuel problem is something that's affecting everyone -- from families to
business to government officials. We hope to get a break somewhere."

To see more of the Laurel Leader-Call or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.leadercall.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Laurel Leader-Call, Miss.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110605-LH-NO-FUEL-TO-BURN-0605-20110605

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LH


                       Copyright 2011 Laurel Leader-Call


                              834 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 23, 2013 Tuesday

New York: Governor Cuomo Details Flood Recovery Program

LENGTH: 391  words

DATELINE: Albany


Office of The Governor, The State of New York has issued the following news
release:

Governor Andrew M. Cuomo today visited Lockport to discuss the NYS Flood
Recovery Program and urge Niagara County eligible residents and businesses to
apply for state aid. The $16 million NYS Flood Recovery Program is intended to
provide immediate recovery assistance to victims of recent floods and to address
gaps in coverage for impacted homeowners, business owners and farmers in
Herkimer, Madison, Montgomery, Niagara and Oneida Counties.

"Since the floods struck Niagara County we have committed to giving homeowners
and business owners the help they need to build back stronger and better than
before," Governor Cuomo said. "Today, the state is stepping up to provide these
residents and communities with recovery assistance, going above and beyond what
the federal government was able to provide. The state's financial commitment
ensures that these New Yorkers have extra support to rebuild and recover."

While the damage from the recent floods was severe in many communities -
preliminary surveys indicate more than 500 homes and 150 businesses suffered
some form of damage - the financial and property loss from the floods was below
the amount that triggers federal FEMA and other federal assistance. To meet the
local needs, the funds for this program are being made available through an
appropriation of state funds for emergency purposes made by the legislature this
year.

Under the program, homeowners, small business owners and farmers or farm
operations located in the designated counties may be eligible to receive grants,
subject to the documentation of flood-related damage and uninsured losses.
Homeowners may be eligible for up to $31,900 in assistance. Small business
owners and farmers or farm operations may be eligible for up to $50,000 in
assistance.

For homeowners, eligible costs include the repair and/or replacement of damage
to roofs, windows, doors, siding, flooring, drywall, insulation, foundations,
well and septic systems, electric systems, fuel tanks, heating and water
systems, and appliances, as well as remediation of environmental hazards.
Homeowners whose properties were destroyed by these floods may also be eligible
for a buyout of their damaged property.

For further information please visit: http://www.governor.ny.gov/.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              835 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 4, 2013 Tuesday

Lautenberg, Menendez Announce More Than $3 Million in Federal Sandy Aid for
North Wildwood Beach Replenishment

LENGTH: 386 words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Frank R, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

U.S. Senators Frank R. Lautenberg (D-NJ) and Robert Menendez (D-NJ) today
announced more than $3 million in federal Sandy aid for beach re-nourishment in
North Wildwood.   The grant, which totals $3,152,734.53, is provided by the
Federal Emergency Management Agency's (FEMA) Public Assistance grant program and
will go towards repairing the beach and dunes following damage caused by
Superstorm Sandy, as well as for measures to prevent future erosion.

"This federal funding will help replenish North Wildwood beaches and make them
more resilient to future storms," said Senator Lautenberg, a member of the
Senate Appropriations Subcommittee on Homeland Security, which funds FEMA.
"Repairing damaged beaches will help our coastal economy stay strong and ensure
that North Wildwood remains a popular place for families to live and visit as we
rebuild from Sandy."

"Superstorm Sandy showed that often in places where there were dunes and
grasses, there was less damage," said Senator Menendez, who helped lead the New
Jersey delegation in the fight for federal Sandy aid.  "Beach replenishment in
North Wildwood will help the multi-billion dollar Jersey shore tourism industry,
as well as protect the beach against erosion and future severe weather events so
that visitors will be able to enjoy the shore for generations to come."

The bulk of the funding will be used for maintenance and reconstruction of the
North Wildwood Beach.  The grant will also pay for repairs to the sand fence on
the beach and for additional dune grass for erosion control.  In addition, a
post-construction survey and monitoring of the beach following repairs will be
covered by this grant.

In January, the President signed the Superstorm Sandy Supplemental
Appropriations bill into law, bringing the total Sandy aid enacted by Congress
to $60.2 billion.  The funding package included federal aid to help homeowners,
businesses, and communities recover, and resources to rebuild coastal,
transportation, and water infrastructure.

Public Assistance grants are awarded by FEMA on a rolling basis after receiving
applications from the state, which coordinates the process with local
governments.

For further information please visit: http://www.lautenberg.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              836 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Dispatch, Lexington, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 9, 2013 Tuesday

Council awards bid for sewer project

BYLINE: Nash Dunn, The Dispatch, Lexington, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 367 words


April 09--About 24 homes near Cow Palace Road will be able to tap into city
sewer in coming months.

Lexington City Council voted Monday to award a bid for construction to SKC Inc.,
of Seagrove, to install about 2,430 linear feet of sewer line to qualified
low-income households in the area, which is located just west of Lexington off
Old Salisbury Road.

SKC's bid of $218,733 was the lowest of eight bidders, according to city
records.

Homeowners wishing to connect to city sewer can do so at no cost, said Roger
Jones, a city engineer.

"Normally, you would be paying a tap fee," Jones said. "A standard outside sewer
tap is $3,500, plus the money it costs to pay a plumber to tie into your house."

About 95 percent of the project's cost is being funded through a Community
Development Block Grant from the North Carolina Department of Commerce.

Residents who wish to connect will have to pay the outside city sewer rate,
since the areas surrounding Cow Palace Road are not inside Lexington's corporate
limits.

Jones said the project should be complete by the end of August or early
September.

"If anybody is going to sign up for it, now would be the time," Jones said.

In other business, council:

--Approved a request from The Office of Business and Community Development for
an additional city planner position.

--Closed out a $504,000 Economic Development Community Development Block Grant
from 2010 that was used to relocate a water line used for a storage tank at
Moran Foods, the parent corporation of Save-A-Lot. The project, which required a
local match of about $126,000, resulted in 42 new full-time jobs, according to
city records.

--Approved a request to accept an Assistance to Firefighters Grant in the amount
of $155,871 from the Federal Emergency Management Agency and the U.S. Department
of Homeland Security. The city would be required to provide a 10 percent match
for the grant, or $15,587. The grant would be used to purchase 24 self-contained
breathing apparatus air packs.

Nash Dunn can be reached at 249-3981, ext. 227, or at nash.dunn@the-dispatch.com

___ (c)2013 The Dispatch, Lexington, N.C. Visit The Dispatch, Lexington, N.C. at
www.the-dispatch.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130409-1LN-Council-awards-bid-for-sewer-project-0409-20130409

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1LN


                  Copyright 2013 The Dispatch, Lexington, N.C.


                              837 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                           September 22, 2009 Tuesday
                                  1ST Edition

County seeking grant for firehouse;
Station would serve Ogden-area residents

BYLINE: Chris Mazzolini; Chris.Mazzolini@StarNewsOnline.com

SECTION: Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 309 words


new hanover

New Hanover County hopes to win a $3.7 million grant to build a new fire station
for the Ogden area.

The county commissioners on Monday approved the application for the grant after
fire officials explained how the 40-year-old station at 7375 Market St. doesn't
meet the needs of a modern fire station.

The grant comes from the Department of Homeland Security and the Federal
Emergency Management Agency. If the county wins the money, it would have to pay
$300,000 in matching funds, said Fire Chief Donnie Hall.

County officials hope to build a new station on the existing site, but Hall said
they will wait to make that determination until a master plan is complete. That
study is examining the county's fire service in hopes to best position it for
the future.

Plans for the fire station call for a 12,000-square-foot building with two bays
for trucks, 10 bedrooms, improved kitchen and dining areas, training space and
better bathrooms.

In other business, the county is also applying for a $981,000 grant to help
revitalize a low-income Castle Hayne neighborhood.

The county commissioners on Monday approved the application for Community
Development Block Grant funding in hopes of providing assistance to residents
along Fulton Avenue with infrastructure improvements and house repairs.

According to the projected budget, county officials hope to replace five
dilapidated houses and rehabilitate three others. In addition, officials also
want to fund public water service and drainage improvements in the area.

County Planning Director Chris O'Keefe said they are proposing to install
gutters on nine houses and provide 10 cisterns to catch water. One of the main
problems residents have complained about is rain water pooling on their property
and seeping beneath their houses, causing damage.

Chris Mazzolini: 343-2223

On Twitter.com: @StarNewsOnline

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              838 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                    Lyon County Reporter (Rock Rapids, Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               December 18, 2013

USDA Rural Development invests $498 million in rural Iowa in 2013

BYLINE: Lyon County Reporter staff

LENGTH: 966  words


Funding helps create or retain 1,000 jobs, assist 2,600 families purchase homes
and support 60 communities with improvements to facilities, services and
infrastructure

DES MOINES, Iowa-During the past year a relatively small mission area within the
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) has assisted thousands of rural lowans by
helping bring nearly half a billion dollars to rural Iowa to support community
and economic development projects throughout the state.

USDA Rural Development invested $498 million into rural Iowa in 2013 to develop
home ownership opportunities, as well as wide variety of job-creation and
community-improvement projects and activities.

For instance, USDA Rural Development funds were used to build a road in Warren
County to support an expanding small business, helped the City of Corwith plan
for a new fire station, developed an indoor farmers' market facility in Ot-tumwa
and will assist with the upcoming remodeling and expansion at Floyd Valley
Hospital in Le Mars.

"Our focus is on the viability of rural communities which are so vital to our
state and nation," said Bill Menner, USDA Rural Development State Director in
Iowa. "These are the places that help support American agriculture and foster an
ethic that impacts our workforce, our military and our economy. We are working
with communities to create jobs, expand opportunity, encourage innovation and
build a strong foundation for the future."

In 2013, USDA Rural Development funding, through 40 direct loan, guaranteed loan
and grant programs, helped 2,600 rural Iowa families purchase homes, created or
retained more than 1,000 jobs, and assisted 60 communities with improvements to
facilities, services and infrastructure.

This fall a groundbreaking ceremony was held at the future home of C& L
Companies' new warehouse and distribution and testing facility in rural Warren
County. USDA Rural Development provided a $1 million rural economic development
loan to assist with the expansion project.

Additionally, a $280,000 rural economic development grant helped make upgrades
to the roadway near the warehouse and distribution facility. C&L Companies is a
manufacturer of after-market motorcycle component parts. The project is
estimated to create 14 new jobs.

Access Energy Cooperative used nearly $800,000 in USDA rural economic
development grants and loans (REDLG) in 2013 to create a revolving loan fund
that the Henry County Health Center used to purchase health information
technology (HIT) equipment for the surgical and outpatient departments.

Many recipients of USDA Rural Development's 2013 rural business enterprise
grants (RBEG) are supporting local foods efforts. Cass County used an $11,554
technical assistance grant to help develop sustainable and economically
successful local foods systems that support farm-based businesses and
entrepreneurs in the county.

Ottumwa Progress Inc. received a $62,676 grant to assist with construction
costs, as well as the purchase of equipment for an educational and commercial
kitchen area in an indoor farmers' market facility helping small and emerging
businesses. Winneshiek County Agricultural Extension District received a $48,000
grant to help purchase a refrigerated delivery truck and provide technical
assistance to northeast Iowa food producers and processors through a food hub
delivery and marketing service.

In addition to generating jobs, USDA Rural Development investments are also
creating ongoing economic opportunities in rural America that will pay benefits
for years to come.

The City of Bloomfield received $2 million in loan and grant funds to help
establish an emergency connection to Rathbun Regional Water Association's newly
completed water treatment plant in case the city would need to access additional
water in the future. The plant was supported by $20 million in USDA Rural
Development loan funds and can treat six million gallons of water per day.

"We are very happy to be a partner with all the communities we serve as they
work hard to make investments thatwill impact many future generations," Menner
added. "We also enjoy working with communities on much smaller projects that
provide an outstanding opportunity for residents to work together and experience
success. Many times, this success leads to bigger community-improvement
initiatives."

This year USDA Rural Development awarded grants of $50,000 or less to 29
communities including the City of Blockton to help purchase a fire truck, the
City of Floris to assist with upgrades at their fire station and to Wayne County
Hospital to purchase a 3-D ultrasound machine and viewing station.

Since 2009, USDA Rural Development has invested nearly $3 billion in rural Iowa
on essential public facilities, small and emerging businesses, water and sewer
systems and housing opportunities for Iowa families.

Further information on programs available through USDA Rural Development is
available by calling (515) 284-4663 or by visiting the agency's web site at
www.rurdev.usda.gov/ia.

USDA Rural Development has 11 offices across the state to serve the 1.7 million
lowans living in rural communities and areas. Office locations include a State
Office in Des Moines, along with Area Offices in Albia, Atlantic, Humboldt,
Indi-anola, Iowa Falls, Le Mars, Mount Pleasant, Storm Lake, Tipton and Waverly.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LYC

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2013 Lyon County Reporter


                              839 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The News-Item (Shamokin, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 12, 2009 Monday

Blight fight

BYLINE: Justin Strawser, The News-Item, Shamokin, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 896 words


Jan. 12--The Northumberland County Housing Authority is pursuing state grant
money to renovate properties and improve the neighborhoods of Shamokin, Coal
Township and Mount Carmel, according to Edward P. Christiano, housing authority
executive director.

It's no secret to local residents that many coal region buildings are foreclosed
or falling apart, especially in Shamokin and Mount Carmel.

If all goes according to plan, the county could receive millions of dollars to
help demolish blight in those neighborhoods.

Looking back less than a year ago, a busted water pipe from the upper floor
apartments of the abandoned former Guarantee Trust and Safe Deposits Co.
building on Oak Street in Mount Carmel caused the business next door, Cantino's
Candy and Gift Shop, to close for several months. At the following borough
council meeting in January, the council passed two ordinances cracking down on
blighted properties.

In June 2008, two buildings on the same Mount Carmel street began to collapse
and a state of emergency was declared. The street was closed until the situation
was controlled. On the same block, a building that had been condemned since
January 2006 caused even further blight in Mount Carmel.

More recently, in November 2008, part of the third floor of the former Shroyer's
Dress Company on Shamokin and Rock streets in Shamokin had collapsed into the
second floor, and other parts of the building were identified as being in danger
of following suit.

The county is applying for grant money from HUD's Neighborhood Stabilization
Program, which, according the HUD Website, would provide emergency assistance to
state and local governments to acquire and redevelop foreclosed properties that
might otherwise become sources of abandonment and blight within their
communities. The Neighborhood Stabilization Program (NSP) provides grants to
every state and certain local communities to purchase foreclosed or abandoned
homes and to rehabilitate, resell, or redevelop these homes in order to
stabilize neighborhoods and stem the decline of house values of neighboring
homes.

"We have a good application," said Christiano, "and it's needed for this area."

The program offers $85 million for the entire state. Metropolitan areas, such as
Philadelphia or Pittsburgh, will receive grant money first. The areas with the
greatest need, including those with the greatest percentage of home
foreclosures, with the highest percentage of homes financed by a subprime
Mortgage related loan; and those identified by the State or unit of general
local government as likely to face a significant rise in the rate of home
foreclosures, will be considered next.

After areas are scored, municipalities seeking assistance must have a minimum
score of 6 to qualify. The Shamokin and Mount Carmel region both scored between
8 and 9. Northumberland County ranks eight of 67 counties in the state.

In the mid-'90s, according to Christiano, Northumberland County applied for a
similar grant to improve Coal Township, Kulpmont and Mount Carmel.

"It's ongoing," said Christiano about foreclosed, abandoned and vacant homes.
"This area has a lot of it and I don't have an answer to why."

Code enforcement makes rounds

Friday, Christiano toured the three municipalities where grant money would be
used with three code enforcers -- Kelly Campbell of Mount Carmel, Barry Stoud of
Shamokin and Chris Petrovich of Coal Township. They visited nearly 45 potential
properties across the three municipalities.

"We were trying to identify which properties were available to us to be
successful in getting the grant," said Christiano.

Removing the blight of the neighborhoods may require demolition, according to a
press release by Northumberland County commissioners, but Christiano wasn't as
quick to predict those methods, saying it may include "renovation and
rehabilitation" only.

If the county is approved for the grant, the money would have to obligated
within 18 months, meaning the county would need to know where the money was
being spent and have the contracts ready. Once that is accomplished, the money
would have to be spent within five years.

The second part of the program, said Christiano, would serve as "a revolving
fund." The money the county would receive for selling the properties would be
used to renovate additional homes in the communities.

"It's a competitive grant," said Christiano, but explained the county
commissioners were fully supportive of acquiring it.

Christiano added he was confident the county would receive the grant money.

Rumors dispelled

At a Shamokin City Council workshop meeting, there was speculation that
Northumberland County wouldn't be able to meet the Jan. 23 deadline because
Steve Bartos, the former county planning director, was recently fired for
insubordination. The county commissioners sent a press release to the News-Item
denying this was true.

Christiano also dismissed the notion, saying, "There was never any chance we
weren't going to apply."

To see more of The News-Item or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.newsitem.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The News-Item, Shamokin, Pa.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090112-IZ-Blight-fight-0112

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IZ


                                 Copyright 2009


                              840 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                            October 20, 1992 Tuesday
                                  Late Edition

FIGHT TO CURB RISING WATERS

BYLINE: JOHN STAPLETON

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 566 words


The centre of concern over flooding in the south of the State has shifted west
from Albury.

The Murray River town of Corowa, population 5,000, is preparing for major
flooding.

All caravan parks in the town have been evacuated, totalling more than 700
sites, and flood waters are expected to enter a number of major buildings,
including the bowling, tennis, football and rowing clubs.

The town, which survives on tourism and poker machines, is expected to lose
hundreds of thousands of dollars in revenue and to suffer considerable
structural damage.

In the central-west, the Murrumbidgee River and the Lachlan are also
experiencing moderate to major flood levels from rain over the weekend.

At Wagga Wagga, the residents of 46 caravans were evacuated and will not return
until after the flood peak expected tomorrow morning.

Right along the Murray, Murrumbidgee and Lachlan rivers substantial areas of
rural land are or will be inundated. The damage should be restricted to crops
and land. No livestock is in danger at this stage.

The State Emergency Service is also forecasting moderate flooding at Tocumwal,
Deniliquin, Echuca and Barham.

The Murray River continued to rise throughout yesterday. Mr Howard Alcott, SES
regional controller, said he expected flood levels to reach 5.5 metres in
Albury, equal to the floods in the mid-1970s, but he believes the city's system
of levees and pumps can cope. The flooding in town over the weekend was caused
by intense thunderstorms and urban run-off.

Further downstream, it is an entirely different matter. The Murray has spread
out across its flood plains, covering some adjoining properties. Stock was still
being moved to high ground yesterday.

Water lies across a number of spots on the Riverina Highway, and although there
was only one diversion yesterday, in other spots water continued to inch higher.

At Howlong, about 30 kilometres from Albury, houses on the western side of the
town were flooded, or about to be flooded, with some property damage.

The volume of water being released from Hume Dam, which is at full capacity, is
today expected to reach a rate of 120,000 megalitres a day -enough to cause
moderate flooding around Albury and major flooding around Corowa.

The Premier, Mr Fahey, announced relief measures yesterday for the flood
victims. These include assistance provided by the Department of Community
Services to people in difficult circumstances because of damage to their homes,
assistance to primary producers and small businesses through the Rural
Assistance Authority, and grants for councils to help meet the cost of
restoration of roads and bridges.

A saturated Victoria faces further serious flooding if more heavy rain falls,
the Bureau of Meteorology warned last night. The flood danger is unlikely to
abate in less than a fortnight.

A number of flood warnings in northern parts of the State are still current as
river levels peak or are likely to do so in coming days. An early estimate of
flood damage along the Murray River has been put at $10 million.

The River Murray Action Group, representing landowners in the 100 kilometre
stretch between Lake Hume and Mulwala, said it was worse than a flood two years
ago that left a $7 million damage bill.

The group said there had been considerable damage to property, fencing, crops
and stock.

The most serious flooding is in the lower reaches of the Goulburn, Campaspe and
Loddon rivers.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Two Illus: Howlong marooned ... "The worst it's ever been," says Graeme
Haynes (above), trying to keep the waters at bay, while Michelle Hogan (top)has
had to move stock to higher ground. Pictures by KYLIE PICKETT Map: Flood areas

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1992 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              841 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     Marin Independent Journal (Marin, CA)

                            January 29, 2006 Sunday

Kentfield flood victims slam officials

BYLINE: Keri Brenner

SECTION: MARIN

LENGTH: 858 words


More than 100 angry Kentfield residents blasted officials Saturday for failing
to warn them their streets and homes would flood over New Year's weekend.

"At midnight, a fire truck should have been coming down the street with sirens
to wake people up so we could move our cars," said Andy Fromm of Kent Avenue.
"I'm so furious."

The residents, some clutching photos of their gutted homes and swamped streets,
blasted local fire and other emergency personnel for showing up too late for
people to take precautions.

"You guys are our early warning system," said Jeff Hoffman of Hillside Avenue.
"Turn on your [damn] sirens."

Fromm and Hoffman made their comments at a community meeting called by county
Supervisor Hal Brown, who represents the Ross Valley.

"A mistake was made, no doubt about it," Brown said at the meeting, on the
Kentfield campus of College of Marin. "The buck stops here."

Brown vowed to take a series of immediate steps toward short-term and long-term
improvements in flood warning, flood prevention and increased recovery
assistance.

Those include an automated telephone warning system, better coordination of Ross
Valley police, fire and flood control agencies and forming neighborhood alert
groups.

"There needs to be neighbor-to-neighbor communication," Brown added. "I heard
that some people didn't even tell their next-door neighbors - that, to me, is
the most appalling."

Long-term improvements could include creek widening or other flood control
measures.

"It's a community problem," Brown said. "It starts at White's Hill [west of
Fairfax] and comes down the valley."

The destruction in Kentfield was part of more than $100 million in damage
countywide from the storm, which affected 1,600 homes, 240 businesses and 225
government agencies, said Steven Hancock of the Marin Office of Emergency
Services.

"The federal declaration is still pending," Hancock said. "This is the longest
it's ever taken - it seems a little extraordinary that it's taking so long." A
federal emergency disaster declaration would clear the way for grants, loans and
other assistance programs.

Without the declaration, the county will be hard-pressed to offer extensive
individual assistance. A disaster declaration issued by Gov. Arnold
Schwarzenegger earlier this month only covers disaster relief funds for
municipalities and counties.

Brown said Marin does have some short-term assistance available, including
discounts or reimbursements on property taxes, water bills, construction permit
applications and the cost of Dumpsters to hold debris.

The county, in coordination with the American Red Cross and Salvation Army, also
is offering some short-term housing assistance.

Hancock said Marin was among the hardest-hit counties and more than exceeded the
$2.67-per-capita threshold for damages to qualify for a federal declaration.

"We feel very confident we're going to get it," Hancock said.

Kentfield and Marin public safety personnel said they did the best they could
under quickly escalating conditions.

"The water came up really fast," said Lt. Bob Klein of the Marin County
Sheriff's Office. "By the time we got there, there was 18 inches of water in the
street - it would have put people at risk to go out and move their cars."

Kentfield Fire Battalion Chief Mike Hadfield said his unit wasn't awakened until
after 4 a.m. Dec. 31 when the first call came in.

Hadfield said air horns sounded in Ross at 11 p.m., 2 a.m. and 3 a.m., but
residents said they didn't hear them.

"We lost everything," said Leia Scandur of Kent Avenue. "We lost two cars, and
they gutted the downstairs."

Scandur said she will help organize a new residents association to foster better
neighborhood communication.

Lynn Murphy of Stadium Way said her home was damaged when a nearby pump station
shut down during a power failure.

"We got 5,000 gallons of raw sewage inside our house," she said. "I can't
believe that someone from the sanitary district isn't here today."

Some residents are looking to raise their homes to avoid future problems, but a
Kentfield structural engineer said he fears serious pollution problems.

Contractors who elevate homes are required by the Federal Emergency Management
Agency to use pressure-treated wood, which is doused with the chemical CCAC, or
copper arsenate, said Paul Pieri.

"It's very toxic," he said. "And it will be under the house, so it will go into
the water."

Marcie and Don Leach of Hillside Avenue are camped out in the shell that was
their home.

Their daughter-in-law, her boyfriend and their granddaughter were flooded out of
their wing and are renting a home across the street.

"We're paying $2,600 a month in mortgage and $1,500 a month in rent - and
they're both on disability," said Marcie Leach, a school nurse for the Marin
County Office of Education.

"For us, it's kind of the end of everything we had hoped for, and the end of the
nice family group that we had."

---

TO GET HELP

For information on Marin's disaster recovery assistance, see www.co.marin.ca.us,
or call 473-5614. For information on property tax relief, call 499-7215.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                              842 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 15, 2017 Wednesday

Washington: After 2016's Spring Rains, A Flood of Assistance in Louisiana

LENGTH: 470  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Federal Emergency Management Agency has issued the following news
release:



 In the 12 months since the March severe storms pummeled and flooded much of
Louisiana, the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) has helped thousands
of people begin to recover.





 Along with its federal and state partners, the agency has disbursed millions of
dollars so people could start repairing their homes, cover disaster-related
costs and stay in dry, safe lodgings as they did so.



 FEMA's Individual Assistance program has approved nearly $94 million in housing
and other needs assistance. Its Public Assistance program has obligated more
than $47 million to reimburse communities for emergency work and infrastructure
repairs. The agency has approved nearly $20 million for disaster case management
intended to help people who need extra assistance getting back on their feet.



 The National Flood Insurance Program, administered by FEMA, processed 4,977
claims and paid out more than $239 million for flood claims stemming from that
disaster.



 The U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) has approved nearly $109 million
in long-term, low-interest loans for homeowners and businesses.



 Some 198 volunteer groups helped flood survivors, providing services such as
muck outs, hot meals, home repairs and rebuilds, and distributing water,
cleaning supplies, diapers and other baby supplies.



 Even as residents have done the difficult job of repairing and rebuilding their
homes, communities throughout the state continue to outline how they want to
rebuild.



 FEMA set up offices in Baton Rouge and Monroe to identify emerging local and
regional needs, coordinate with federal agencies in local recovery efforts and
provide guidance on post-disaster recovery planning. The agency has facilitated
a number of local, state and federal roundtable discussions and forums on
housing, business, health and agriculture. These events led to identifying 88
high level needs for attention by subgroups under the National Disaster Recovery
Framework, which provides the state with expertise from federal agencies
involved in long-term recovery.



 In affected communities in Ouachita Parish for example, the Recovery Support
Function teams brought in disaster recovery specialists from more than 10
federal agencies such as the Environmental Protection Agency, Housing and Urban
Development and the Commerce Department to develop technical assistance on
disaster recovery projects. They looked to include proposals on green
infrastructure, mitigation and ways to fight blight with in-fill construction.



 This week marks the first Community Resilience Institute meeting for elected
officials of parishes hit by the March floods. The institute is a result of
FEMA's partnership with NOAA Sea Grant and the LSU Coastal Sustainability
Studio.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              843 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Reporter (Milwaukee, WI)

                          September 10, 2008 Wednesday

Flood repairs strain budgets in Wisconsin

BYLINE: Sean Ryan

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 468  words


Fort Atkinson will shoulder about $65,000 to replant washed-out lawns because
the work doesn't qualify for federal flood-relief grants.

The city owns about 16.5 acres, mostly around the Rock River, where flooding
either washed away topsoil or dumped enough muck to kill the grass, said city
engineer Jeff Woods. The city wanted the Federal Emergency Management Agency to
cover 70 percent of the project, with the city and state splitting the balance.

But after collecting bids for the project, Fort Atkinson realized FEMA wouldn't
pay a dime, Woods said. He said the city has the money to pay for the work.

"(FEMA does) not cover grass restoration unless it's to stabilize a slope or
stop soil erosion," Woods said.

There were only 20 ineligible communities of the 852 requesting FEMA assistance
to fix damaged public properties, said Win Henderson, FEMA spokesman. Eligible
projects include debris removal, emergency-response efforts and repair work to
roads, bridges, water-control facilities, public buildings, utilities and parks.

Communities that FEMA didn't reject are trying to squeeze together enough cash
to pay the local share of 12.5 percent of project costs, said Diane Kleiboer,
supervisor of the Wisconsin Emergency Management Disaster Recovery Section. Many
are reapplying to repave roads that only received temporary repairs after they
were washed out during last year's floods, she said.

"Communities are really scraping the bottom of the barrel to come up with their
local match to make the repairs," she said.

The bids Fort Atkinson collected for its soil-restoration work were almost four
times higher than estimated. The city bid the project to comply with FEMA rules
requiring projects to be let according to the contracting county's or
municipality's bidding rules. Woods said the city decided to reject the bids and
squeeze the work into the already crowded schedules of city crews.

He said city crews can complete the work for the estimated cost.

"Right now, it's a balancing act," he said. "We've got to use park and
recreation and public works employees, and we've got to find a window where we
can do it. "

As of Sept. 5, the state had split $3.98 million among 301 local governments for
projects.

If bids come in higher than estimated on the projects, communities can send the
receipts to FEMA to get money to cover the difference, Kleiboer said. As long as
the work is not beyond the original scope of what FEMA approved, the communities
will get their money, but only after the project is complete, she said.

Kleiboer said overruns are occurring on projects, but she said she doesn't know
how often that's taking place this year. About 600 communities applied for
assistance after last year's floods.

"It'll be our biggest public-assistance program ever," she said of the
flood-repair effort.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              844 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Examiner Newspaper

                             August 12, 2013 Monday

Clean water set to flow from aid effort

BYLINE: Caroline Tang

SECTION: Pg. 11

LENGTH: 292 words


A TASMANIAN aid organisation

will be able to ensure at

least 6400 Tanzanians can access

clean water after it received

money from the federal government's

overseas aid program

AusAID.

The Peter Hewitt Care for

Africa Foundation received

$US53,000 through the

Australia-Africa Community

Grants Scheme.

Care for Africa will install two

deep water wells in the Tarime

district of Tanzania which will

directly benefit at least 6400

people across two rural communities.

Care for Africa co-founder and

chief executive Diana Butler

said the charity's successful

grant application had been two

years in the making.

Construction of the water

wells will start on October 24,

with an official launch scheduled

for December 3.

Mrs Butler said she decided to

help people in the Tarime district

in 2005 through her work as

an emergency nurse.

Aid projects have included

raising money for a generator

for a small, community-run hospital,

supplies of medical equipment

and rural health clinics.

"That is where you see the

abject poverty; there was nothing

out there,'' Mrs Butler said.

"There were people living on

less than a dollar a day.

"When I met these people in

the community, I realised, if I

did not help them there would

not be anyone else in this world

who would. I am helping them

with my team.

"The biggest need for these

people is clean water and they

have not got that.''

Mrs Butler said existing shallow

water wells were unsafe and

contained E.coli and typhoid.

She said the Tarime people

were "overwhelmed'' by news of

the new wells, which would

benefit everyone in their communities.

"We hope to put the wells by

the schools because women and

girls cart the water,'' Mrs Butler

said. "So it increases the chance

of girls going to school.

"Our work is about capacity

building; empowering people to

help themselves.''

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2013 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              845 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 5, 2013 Friday

North Dakota: Land Board Commits $71 Million in Energy Impact Funds for Oil
Patch Communities

LENGTH: 811  words

DATELINE: Bismarck


Office of the Governor, The State of North Dakota has issued the following press
release:

The Board of University and School Lands (Land Board) today committed about $71
million in Energy Impact Grant funds to help 20 communities in the state's
oil-producing region offset the impacts of rapid development. The state will
provide western North Dakota with a total of about $240 million in Energy Impact
Grant funds during the 2013-2015 biennium.

The grant program is part of a much larger, ongoing state commitment to address
the region's rapid growth challenges. In all, the state will invest about $2.6
billion to support the state's oil and gas region during the 2013-2015 biennium.
The state's 2013-2015 commitment - more than twice the amount of the current,
two-year funding package of about $1.2 billion - will be used to address a wide
range of needs in western North Dakota, including highway, county and township
road improvements, water supply and water treatment projects, public safety and
emergency service enhancements and other assistance for schools, counties and
cities.

"These grant funds are an important part of our overall strategy to meet the
challenges that come with rapid growth," Gov. Jack Dalrymple said. "The grant
program allows us to adapt to the region's dynamic needs and the funding process
relies on the participation of local residents and officials.

Dalrymple is chairman of the five-member state Land Board. Other board members
are Attorney General Wayne Stenehjem, Secretary of State Al Jaeger,
Superintendent of Public Instruction Kirsten Baesler and State Treasurer Kelly
Schmidt.

The $71 million committed today will help 20 communities in western North Dakota
cover the costs of water supply improvement projects, wastewater treatment
upgrades, water and sewer line upgrades and other infrastructure improvements.
The grants committed by the Land Board today do not include $14 million in
energy impact grant funding to be awarded to the hub cities of Williston, Minot
and Dickinson.  The projects approved today for other communities in the Oil
Patch include:

$5 million to expand Crosby's water supply and wastewater treatment systems.
    $10 million to expand New Town's water treatment plant, water and sewer
system upgrades and street improvements.
    $5.7 million for the city of Ray to complete wastewater system improvements
and water supply upgrades.
    $5 million for wastewater treatment improvements in Alexander.
    $10 million for water supply and sewer improvement projects in Watford City.

    $3.8 million to extend trunk lines for water supply and wastewater treatment
service in Killdeer.

For a complete list of projects approved for funding today by the Land Board go
to http://www.nd.gov/energyimpact

The Land Board today also established an advisory committee made up of school
administrators from western North Dakota and a representative of the state
Department of Public Instruction to guide the process of awarding $25 million in
Energy Impact Grant funds to K-12 schools impacted by oil and gas development.
The following educational leaders from western North Dakota who will serve on
the advisory board are: Steve Holen of Watford City, Marc Bluestone of New Town,
Ben Schafer of Ray, Mike Ness of Hazen and Gary Wilz of Killdeer.

In other action today, the Land Board agreed to establish an advisory committee
made up of law enforcement officials to guide the process of awarding $7 million
in Energy Impact Grant funds to support sheriff departments in Oil Country.

During its May 30 meeting, the Land Board took the following action to
distribute Energy Impact Grant funds during the 2013-2015 biennium:

Approved a grant schedule to provide $60 million in cost-share grants to
airports impacted by oil and gas development during the 2013-2015 biennium.
    Dedicated $25 million in grant funds to K-12 schools impacted by oil and gas
development.
    Approved a grant schedule to provide $14 million to help the cities of
Williston, Minot and Dickinson cover the costs of municipal water supply and
wastewater treatment upgrades.

In addition to providing $240 million in energy impact grants, the state will
continue to support the oil and gas region in many other ways. The next two
years will bring major infrastructure improvements to the region, including the
construction of new bypass routes and the expansion of state Highway 85 between
Watford City and Williston into a four-lane highway.  Other state commitments
include stationing more state troopers in the region; enhancements to the
region's court system, emergency services, fire districts and sheriff
departments; funding for schools experiencing rapid growth in enrollments, a
loan program for the construction of schools and funding for dust suppression
projects.

For further information please visit: http://www.governor.nd.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              846 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Fiji Times (Australia)

                              July 10, 2006 Monday

New ambulance for island

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 265  words


Transportation problems for the sick would now be a thing of the past for the
people of Rotuma.

This was after the Government of Japan donated a brand new ambulance to service
the island.

Minister of State for Immigration and Ex-Servicemen Jioji Konrote and Senator Dr
John Fatiaki were there to receive the gift on behalf of the people of Rotuma.

Speaking at the official handing over ceremony, Japan's Charge d' Affairs Kenji
Miyata said the ambulance would serve more than 2000 people on Rotuma.

"Those who may be located far from hospital will be able to gain faster access
to medical treatment, particularly in the event of emergencies, because the
access to medical treatment makes all the difference between life and death," he
said.

Mr Miyata said the project was made possible through Japan's grant assistance
for grass roots human security projects program.

"This is in line with Japan's official development assistance policy in
promoting development at the grassroots level.

"Specifically addressing human needs such as water supply, health, basic
education, vocational training, sanitary environment and rural infrastructure,"
Mr Miyata said.

He said the project is an indication of Japan's continual commitment towards
improving the welfare of the people of Fiji.

In receiving the ambulance Dr Fatiaki said that this was not the first time
Japan had assisted the people of Rotuma as Japan had earlier financed the solar
system at the Rotuma hospital.

"I can assure you that this great gift is a major help to the nurses, doctors
and the people of Rotuma as a whole," Senator Fatiaki said.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FIJ


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              847 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 2, 2009 Monday

Hilltown firefighters get boost

BYLINE: Trevor Jones, The Berkshire Eagle, Pittsfield, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 536 words


Feb. 2--BECKET -- Several of the hilltowns will have a better chance of handling
fires in the future, thanks to a federal grant and a new fire truck.

The Becket Fire Department received a new 3,000-gallon tanker truck Friday
through a $180,500 U.S. Department of Homeland Security Assistance to
Firefighters grant. The new vehicle will allow the department to further assist
in putting out fires in town and several surrounding communities, making it the
first new tanker in the department's 84-year history.

"This is tremendous aid to Becket, and mutual aid to surrounding towns," said
Ray Tarjick, Becket director of emergency management.

As part of the stipulation of the grant, the new vehicle will also assist in
Cheshire, Otis, Blanford, Hinsdale, Mount Washington and parts of Lee in
emergency situations.

Becket Fire Chief John Hall Sr. said the it will be helpful to the department to
have a tanker that holds 1,800 more gallons than its predecessor. He said it was
especially important because the tanker is the department's only means of
bringing large amounts of water to fight potential fires.

"We don't have any hydrants," said John Hall. "We need all the water we can
get."

At a total cost of $190,000, the tanker was specially made to fit the needs of
the department and the size of their garage, having been designed by Hall and a
committee of firefighters and officers.

As part of the

grant, the town was required to cover 5 percent of the cost, but town officials
were unavailable Friday to say from where those funds would be allocated.

Maddy Elovirta, Becket first assistant fire chief, drafted the grant application
a year ago, citing a need to replace the 1960s retrofitted military oil truck
the department had previously used.

Elovirta said the brakes of the vehicle were unreliable, and traveling up and
down a hill that leads to the town's only large enough water supply, Pills Pond,
proved to be dangerous for the volunteer department in the winter months.

She said the town used to also use an dammed area in the village, but that was
removed several years ago to aid in fish spawning. The removal of the other
water source made the new vehicle even more important, she said.

Becket was one of the towns worst hit by December's ice storm, which tore down
trees and power lines, while leaving many without power for more than a week. At
the time, many town officials said they were proud of the efforts of the various
groups that helped with the cleanup, but limited resources made it difficult to
keep up.

While this grant is not related directly to that incident, Elovirta said it
further highlighted the town's need for improved equipment.

"(The storm) made people wake up and pay attention," she said.

To reach Trevor Jones: (413) 528-3660 or tjones@berkshireeagle.com

To see more of The Berkshire Eagle or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.berkshireeagle.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Berkshire Eagle,
Pittsfield, Mass. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090202-EJ-Hilltown-firefighters-get-boost-0202

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EJ


   Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.


                              848 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Henderson (N.C.) Daily Dispatch

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 12, 2015 Saturday

County-wide personnel policy is lacking

BYLINE: David Irvine, Henderson (N.C.) Daily Dispatch

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 274 words


Dec. 12--Warren County is still operating without a county-wide personnel
policy.

On Monday evening, the majority of tcounty commissioners voted against a motion
to reinstate the Warren County personnel ordinance until an updated policy is
developed. Only commissioners Victor Hunt and Tare Davis voted to reinstate the
policy.

In an earlier meeting, the commissioners had abolished the ordinance, creating
concern that county agencies would be operating without consistent direction
related to personnel.

During an organizational meeting prior to the regular meeting, Barry Richardson
was re-elected as chairman on a split vote. Victor Hunt was also nominated.
Voting for Richardson were Jennifer Jordan, Bertadean Baker and himself.

Bertadean Baker was unanimously elected vice-chairwoman.

In other business the commissioners adopted a Plan to Further Fair Housing for
2016-2018. The plan is required by North Carolina Rural Development for
participation in the Ephraim Place Housing Development community development
block grant project.

The board appointed Dennis Paschall, EMS division chief, to serve as interim
director of Emergency Services, replacing Doug Young, who resigned. His annual
base salary will be increased by $5,000. The funds will come from lapsed
salaries and fringes in the Emergency Services budget.

The board appointed Gary Holtzmann, Soil and Water Conservation District
conservationist, to serve as interim Soil and Water Conservation District
director until Larry West, district director, returns from sick leave to
full-time status.

___ (c)2015 Visit at www.hendersondispatch.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151212-HDD-County-wide-personnel-policy-is-lacking-1212-20151212

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDD


                 Copyright 2015 Henderson (N.C.) Daily Dispatch


                              849 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Progress Leader (Australia)

                            January 3, 2012 Tuesday
                                 1 - PP Edition

In Brief

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 247  words


Pool centre upgrade

THE Hawthorn Leisure and Aquatic Centre has closed. The centre closed on January
3 to make way for a $27 million redevelopment. It is set to be closed for two
years during construction works, before reopening for the 2013/14 summer. The
new centre will feature a wider 50m outdoor pool, a 20m by 10m indoor warm water
pool, expanded fitness program rooms, creche facilities, an enlarged gymnasium,
a cafe and public toilets. The project also includes comprehensive
re-landscaping of the site. Details: halcprojects.

com.au/boroondara-projects

Hardship grants

EMERGENCY assistance is now available following the Christmas Day storms. The
State Government has activated Personal Hardship Grants for Victorians affected
by the severe storm that swept parts of Victoria on December 25. Acting Premier
and Emergency Services Minister Peter Ryan said the recently-improved Personal
Hardship Assistance Program would help families begin their journey back to
recovery as soon as possible. Details:
dhs.vic.gov.au/for-individuals/financial-support

Recycling guide

ENVIRONMENT groups are urging the public to continue recycling during the
festive season. Environment advocacy organisation Planet Ark has launched The 12
Do's of Christmas, an online guide that includes tips on how to celebrate the
festive season while recycling. Head of campaigns Brad Gray encouraged the
community to be mindful of the environment while enjoying the silly season.
Details: recyclingnearyou.com.au

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: PPV


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              850 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 17, 2008 Sunday

Economist says farm bill should benefi t Pennsylvania

BYLINE: Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 582 words


Aug. 17--The latest farm bill, which survived a presidential veto to become law,
contains provisions likely to benefit Pennsylvania agriculture, according to an
economist in Penn State's College of Agricultural Sciences.

The farm bill will guide the nation's food and agricultural policies for the
next fi ve years.

"The legislation is divided into topic areas called titles, and many of the
titles authorize programs important to Pennsylvania," said James Dunn, professor
of agricultural economics.

For instance, the bill extends until 2012 the Milk Income Loss Contract program,
which provides payments to dairy producers when milk prices fall below a certain
level. Dairy is Pennsylvania's largest agricultural sector.

"For the first time, the MILC program will include a feedcost adjustment that
will be a factor in triggering program payments," Dunn said. "The cost of fuel,
feed, seed and fertilizer all have increased signifi cantly."

Dunn cited other farm bill titles that have special relevance for Pennsylvania:

Specialty crops: The farm bill will assist producers of organic and
horticultural crops, such as fruits and vegetables. Pennsylvania ranks high
nationally in the production of several specialty crops, including mushrooms
(first), pumpk i n s ( t h i r d ) a n d a p p l e s (fourth).

Energy: The bill provides $1 billion to fund a variety of grants, loan
guarantees and other incentives for the development of renewable energy sources.

Conservation: The bill extends the Conservation Reserve Program, which removes
marginal cropland from production and encourages environmental enhancements on
those lands.

The bill provides $438 million in new funding to help farmers meet stringent
regulatory requirements aimed at improving water quality in the Chesapeake Bay
watershed, which includes the Susquehanna River basin and involves 41
Pennsylvania counties.

Rural development: This title continues and authorizes programs that will help
rural communities to maintain and improve infrastructure, enhance economic
development, attract jobs and improve emergency services.

Crop insurance: The bill makes changes to the federally subsidized crop
insurance program to reduce fraud and abuse.

Forestry: "About half of Pennsylvania is forested, and most of that land is
privately owned," Dunn said. "The legislation authorizes programs to help
nonindustrial private forestland owners implement conservation initiatives and
habitat restoration. This is exceptionally important for protecting rural
Pennsylvania's landscape, water quality and other natural amenities."

Nutrition: Traditionally, about two-thirds of the funding in the farm bill is
allotted to nutrition programs, and this title takes into account rapidly rising
food prices by increasing funding for such programs by more than $10 billion,
Dunn said.

"That includes school lunch programs, emergency food assistance through food
banks and so forth," he said. "The food stamp program has been renamed the
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, and food stamp coupons will be
replaced with a type of debit card to reduce fraud and abuse."

To see more of the Reading Eagle, or to subscribe, go to
http://www.readingeagle.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Reading Eagle, Pa. Distributed
by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080817-RE-Economist-says-farm-bill-should-benefi-t-Pennsylvania-0817

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2008 Reading Eagle


                              851 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 11, 2007 Sunday

New year means new scholarship process for seniors

BYLINE: Roxye Arellano, Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 618 words


Feb. 11--It's a new year, and that means deadlines for scholarships for college
are right around the corner.

If you're a high school senior who is looking for ways to help pay for college,
here's a good start.

Students pursuing a career in agriculture are encouraged to apply for a
scholarship by Agriliance and Croplan Genetics. Seniors who will enroll in a
two- or four-year agronomy or related crop-production curriculum in the fall of
2007 are eligible to apply. There will be 20 $1,000 scholarships awarded.

To qualify for the program, students must meet the following criteria:

--Be a high school senior planning to enroll in a two- or four-year
agronomy-related curriculum in the fall of 2007;

--Demonstrate both leadership abilities and academic performance;

--Write an essay describing why he or she is interested in an agricultural
career.

Applications are available from Agland, Inc., in Eaton or on the Agriliance Web
site, www.agriliance.com, in the Careers section. All applications must be
postmarked by March 1. For more information, or to request an application, call
(800) 232-3639, Ext. 4584.

Â«Â«Â«

The Assistance League of Greeley will host a "Burn the Mortgage" champagne
dinner at 6 p.m. Feb. 16 at the Longmeadow Apartments clubhouse at 2340 W. 15th
St.

The event will commemorate the paying off of the organization's mortgage on The
Bargain Box thrift store, 1706 9th St., which it bought in 2001.

The philanthropic projects hosted by the Assistance League of Greeley are
primarily supported by revenues from the Bargain Box, as well as membership
dues, the Holiday Home Tour and Tea, and donations from the community.

The revenue is used for a variety of purposes, highlighted by the granting of
scholarships for single parents attending the University of Northern Colorado
and Aims Community College on a full-time basis. Last year, the scholarships
totaled $36,000 for single parents.

Other projects funded include Assault Survivors Kits for victims of sexual
assault; Bears for Children, for young trauma victims treated in the emergency
room at North Colorado Medical Center; Warm Up Weld County, which provides
blankets for needy families; Operation School Bell, which supplies children's
books to the Sunrise Family Dental Clinic and assists with uniforms for certain
elementary schools; File for Life, offering health care workers and emergency
responders access to health care information; and the G.M. Houston Gardens, 515
23rd Ave., Greeley, which is maintained to illustrate and teach classes on the
impacts of water availability on the local area.

For more information about the Burn the Mortgage dinner or the Assistance League
of Greeley, call the Bargain Box at (970) 353-2226.

Â«Â«Â«

Don't forget to pick up the booth applications for the 2007 Arts Picnic. The
Arts Picnic "Park Your Art" committee is now accepting applications for the
scheduled July 28-29 affair in Lincoln Park.

The event is open to all artists and students, amateur or professional, and
packets must be postmarked on or before April 27. Call (970) 350-9451 for an
application or pick one up at the Leisure Services Department, 641 10th Ave., in
Greeley. Printable registration forms are available at www.artspicnic.com.
Telephone reservations will not be accepted.

Roxye Rea-Arellano is the Tribune's Life reporter. You can reach her at (970)
352-0211, Ext. 11221 or by e-mail at rarellano@greeleytribune.com.

Copyright (c) 2007, Greeley Tribune, Colo. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Business News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070211-GY-0211-New-year-means-new-scholarship-process-for-seniors

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2007 Greeley Tribune


                              852 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              July 23, 2007 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Agencies seek input on housing funds

SECTION: Pg. B2

LENGTH: 161 words

DATELINE: AUGUSTA


Two Maine agencies are seeking citizen suggestions on how best to use federal
housing and economic development funds.

In the Bangor region the public forum will be at 1 p.m. Wednesday, July 25, in
the Penobscot Room of the Eastern Maine Development Corp. (EMDC), 40 Harlow St.

MaineHousing and the Office of Economic and Community Development are conducting
four forums in July in preparation for developing Maine's 2008 Consolidated
State Plan.

This plan is submitted to the federal Department of Housing and Urban
Development as a condition of federal funding for the Community Development
Block Grant, Home Investment Partnership and Emergency Shelter Grant programs.

The complete public forum schedule is:

   Westbrook: July 24, 1 p.m., Conference Room, Westbrook Housing, 30 Liza
Harmon Drive.
   Augusta: July 26, 1 p.m., Board Room, Maine State Housing Authority, 353
Water St.
   Presque Isle: July 30, 1 p.m., Council Chambers, Presque Isle City Building,
 12 Second St.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Bangor Daily News


                              853 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Edinburgh Evening News

                              June 1, 2015 Monday

Nepal earthquake: Aid bid continues 1 month on

BYLINE: Alistair Grant

LENGTH: 780  words


It's just over a month since the first devastating earthquake hit Nepal -
killing thousands and leaving a trail of destruction in its path.

Measuring 7.8 on the Richter scale, the earth-shattering quake reduced villages
to rubble and caused untold damage to Kathmandu, the country's capital.

The disaster was followed by hundreds of aftershocks and a second 7.3-magnitude
earthquake on May 12, hindering vital attempts to rebuild and stabilise one of
the poorest areas in the world. But help has since streamed in to Nepal from all
over the globe, with international aid agency Mercy Corps - whose European
headquarters are based in the Capital - among those leading the charge.

And today the organisation praised the big-hearted Edinburgh residents who
joined forces to help those affected by the devastation. The Melville Monument
in St Andrew Square was turned red to mark the tragedy, and hundreds of pupils
from across the Capital wore an item of red clothing to school last month to
raise vital funds for the families whose lives have been turned upside down by
the earthquakes.

Elsewhere, Starbucks stores across Edinburgh displayed Mercy Corps emergency
collection tins at tills and more than 40 volunteers came together over four
days to raise £9000 in a series of bucket collections.

Following the disaster, Mercy Corps and the Edinburgh Disasters Response
Committee immediately activated their partnership, sending out fundraising
e-mails to public service employers across the city, including the NHS and
Police Scotland.

Last month, a candlelit vigil led by Lord Provost Donald Wilson was held at the
City Chambers, attracting residents eager to pay their respects to those who
lost their lives.

Councillor Wilson had earlier lodged an emergency motion at a meeting of the
full council to call on local support for the Mercy Corps Nepal Earthquake
appeal.

"When an event as devastating as this take place, I believe it is important for
residents to feel they have an opportunity to express condolences and provide
united support," he said.

Today, Mercy Corps chiefs revealed the aid organisation has been able to reach
43,910 people in the country to date, thanks to more than 100 staff members in
Nepal and donations from supporters.

And in the next few weeks, Mercy Corps teams will reach an additional 75,000
people with emergency supply kits. These families will each receive £45 in cash
to use in local markets to buy whatever they need most for recovery.

But Michael McKean, director of programmes at Mercy Corps Europe, said "the need
for immediate and long-term assistance" remained urgent in the wake of the
initial disaster and the second earthquake on May 12.

He said: "The natural disaster disproportionately affected - and will continue
to impact - poorer residents of Nepal.

"Homes that had been built out of mud and stone were largely destroyed. Nepal's
most vulnerable residents have ongoing needs for assistance.

"With the traditional June start of the monsoon season fast approaching, we
worry about further misfortune throughout Nepal.

"Due to shifted land masses and a partial collapse of the Lirung glacier in the
north, ice melt and resulting floods could be significant this year. Mercy
Corps' expertise in flood response will be in demand in the coming weeks and
months."

He added: "Stimulating the economy will be critical to Nepal's long-term
recovery.  Mercy Corps will transition our response from delivering emergency
kits to providing families with cash that they can use to purchase what they
need most through local markets.

"This helps shop owners get back on their feet, and also gives families the
power to prioritise their own needs"

Throughout the aid effort, Mercy Corps concentrated on the hardest-hit areas in
the country, including Gorkha, Lamjung, Dhading, Kathmandu, Lalitpur and
Bhaktapur, and focused on reaching "invisible" villages that were overlooked in
initial expeditions.

And the drive to help in the aftermath of the disaster started immediately, with
teams out delivering kits to families in need just two days after the first
earthquake hit.

Emergency supply kits include tarpaulins, rope, cooking utensils, hygiene
supplies, blankets, clothing, water purification liquid, water containers,
sleeping mats and solar lamps, along with large tents for local schools and
community groups and food items such as rice, oil, sugar and salt.

Over the coming weeks the organisation will deliver 600 large tents to local
school and community centres. With the rainy season approaching and many
buildings destroyed, these tents will allow teachers to resume classes and give
children a safe place to play.

alistair.grant@edinburghnews.com

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STEN


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              854 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                          February 16, 2011 Wednesday
                                  ROP Edition

EXTRA IN YOUR Ledger - Quincy;
Obama's community service cuts criticized

BYLINE:  Jack Encarnacao, The Patriot Ledger

SECTION: News; pg. 9

LENGTH: 494 words


A food pantry in Quincy will lose its core funding, and programs like adult
education and financial literacy coaching will be in jeopardy if cuts being
discussed in Washington are made to federal grant programs.

Agencies that work with the South Shore's poor warn that the proposed cuts could
take away seed money they use for programs that attract millions in private
donations.

In particular peril is the Community Services Block Grant program, which
President Barack Obama has proposed to cut by about half and a
Republican-controlled House committee has discussed eliminating.

"We're so outraged and frustrated by this," said Beth Ann Strollo, executive
director of Quincy Community Action Programs. "This is such a small portion of
the federal budget, but it leverages so many other private and public
resources."

Obama has also proposed cutting the federal fuel-assistance program in half. The
House has discussed cutting the Head Start early education program.

These programs are administered locally by agencies like Quincy Community Action
Programs and the Plymouth-based South Shore Community Action Council.

The state's representatives in Washington have banded together to oppose the
cuts, which will not be final unless approved by the President, House and
Senate.

"These local efforts in Massachusetts are helping struggling families, kids, and
senior citizens keep their heads above water," U.S. Sen. John Kerry said in a
statement. "I'm ready to make tough budget choices and real cuts, but I don't
think community action programs are the place to slash just as we're pulling the
country out of the economic ditch."

The opposition crosses party lines. In a statement, Republican U.S. Sen. Scott
Brown said "cutting fuel assistance for the needy while pouring billions of new
spending into other programs makes no sense."

The Community Services Block Grant program was established in 1981. Federal
money is given to the state, which divvies it up among 24 agencies that work
with low-income residents. Quincy Community Action Programs and South Shore
Community Action Council have each received $287,000 annually in recent years.

QCAP had a $30 million budget last year. South Shore Community Action had a $20
million budget. Both agencies serve about 23,000 clients annually.

U.S. Rep. William Keating, D-Quincy, said the grant money has a larger impact
than its percentage of the budget would indicate. The money is used to build
programs that attract private and public donations and volunteers, he said.

Keating said the cuts hit programs that help struggling people become
self-reliant.

In Quincy, the grant money pays to run the emergency food center in the
Southwest Community Center at Brewers Corner, as well as for tax-assistance,
adult-education and financial literacy programs.

For South Shore Community Action, the grant helps direct-service programs like
homeless assistance and a food warehouse.

Jack Encarnacao may be reached at jencarnacao@ledger.com

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Patriot Ledger


                              855 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                    January 20, 1994 Thursday STREET EDITION

CLINTON PLEDGES LONG-TERM AID

BYLINE: CATHIE CALVERT, PAMELA KRAMER AND JANET RAE-DUPREE,, Mercury News Staff
Writers

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 19A

LENGTH: 1527 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


Thousands of people driven from their homes by the Southern California
earthquake today are expected to test President Clinton's promise of immediate
aid to this stricken area.

Clinton surveyed the damage across the still-shaking city on Wednesday and said
at least 11 disaster assistance centers are scheduled to open today, offering
one-stop assistance from several government agencies and possibly insurance
companies.

The president arrived from Washington announcing millions in aid for a
gargantuan rebuilding job that Gov. Pete Wilson earlier estimated could match
Hurricane Andrew's $30 billion, the costliest natural disaster in U.S. history.
In a reassuring pledge, Clinton said, "We have no intention -- none -- of
letting this be a short-term thing. We will stay with you until it's finished."
The death toll from Monday's 6.6 quake climbed to 46 Wednesday with the
discovery of two more bodies in crumbled homes and two quake-related heart
attack deaths.

It wasn't clear whether the president -- who shook his head in amazement at
roadbeds snapped like popsicle sticks and the rubble of buildings -- felt a
5.1-magnitude aftershock that occurred during his tour. But his response to the
rumblings of local leaders at the town hall in nearby Burbank was emphatic:

"This is a national problem, and we have a national responsibility," Clinton
told the group of local, state and federal officials.

By contrast, the 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake in Northern California caused
nearly $6 billion in damage and killed 63 people.

Meanwhile, victims continued the wearying road to recovery, often immobilized by
broken highways and flooded phone lines.

Some 40,000 San Fernando Valley residents remained without water, and thousands
of others were asked to boil possibly contaminated water. Workers repaired one
of the aqueducts that carry water to the valley's 2.5 million residents, but the
water still had to be treated, and service pipelines still leaked.

About 35,000 customers still lacked natural gas; 40,000 households and
businesses were without water; and 52,000 lacked electricity today.

Police Chief Willie Williams said a dusk-to-dawn curfew would remain in effect
for the rest of the week. He said it had contributed to an 80 percent drop in
crime.

The president and his "A-plus" team of federal officials unveiled a wide array
of plans, some of them precedent-setting, aimed at bringing the region quick,
prolonged and thorough relief. Among them:

* Small Business Administration low-interest loans totaling $240 million. *
About $45 million from the Department of Transportation to clear the rubble of
the crippled freeways.

* Assistance in getting Congress to approve emergency supplemental funds to help
speed recovery.

* Additional train cars to handle new riders who otherwise can't get to work.

* Shipment of 1 million gallons of water a day for the tens of thousands of
residents still without water service. By Wednesday afternoon, more than 90
percent of the city's 700,000 Department of Water and Power customers had had
their electricity restored, but 40,000 still lacked water.

* Distribution, for the first time, of vouchers for federally subsidized
low-income housing to quake victims by the Department of Housing and Urban
Development. HUD also may restructure the vouchers to extend them to as many as
10,000 residents.

* Acceleration of Community Development Block Grants already earmarked for the
region, and a policy change making hard-hit areas eligible for the funds. Later,
Congress would be asked to appropriate more money for the areas originally
targeted to receive the block grant money.

Several officials noted that Clinton often has said California's recovery is
vital to the nation's economic health, and the president said he had been
particularly dismayed that the quake hit just as the state seemed to be starting
toward recovery from its lingering recession. Restoring the transportation
system and developing alternatives for getting around are top priorities, they
said.

While the audience generally received the president's news with relief and
enthusiasm, the proposals for the federal housing grants -- known as Section 8
vouchers -- and for the shift in block grant money drew some criticism. Los
Angeles City Councilman Mark Ridley-Thomas noted that the Section 8 program
already has a long waiting list.

"You don't try to fix one crisis by compounding a pre-existing one," said
Ridley-Thomas, whose district includes areas hard-hit by 1992's riots.

Mike Hernandez, who represents another council district hard-hit by rioting,
noted that many promises made for riot recovery have not been fulfilled. And
now, he said, "you have CDBG money that was set aside for purposes of urban
development and they were earmarked, primarily, for South- Central (Los
Angeles)."

Hernandez said he was skeptical that those funds would be replaced. "I
understand what people are going through in the valley, but I've seen people in
my district go through it for two years," he said.

New difficulties

As Clinton spoke -- praising Californians for their resilience "against all
odds" -- victims grappled with their new realities.

Vilma Chotenevsky, 40, wept and shook uncontrollably outside a Red Cross shelter
at Granada Hills High School. She and her family had just been allowed inside
their condemned apartment building for a five-minute, grab-what-you-
can-of-your-life-and-run session, when another aftershock hit.

"That's it. I can't take it anymore," she told her husband as she wiped tears
from her eyes. "I'm going to Oregon. You do whatever you want. I never want to
see this place again. It won't stop moving."

In another part of town, Wendy Shapiro lamented the overwhelming bureaucracy
that stood between residents and any approximation of heading toward normal
life.

"We've got no water and we've got no gas and the power is really iffy," Shapiro
said. "The walls are full of cracks, the ground keeps shaking, I can't decide
whether this place is safe or not and I can't begin to figure out how to find a
building inspector. So we're sleeping in the motor home in the driveway until we
do."

In the city of San Fernando, a steady stream of people flowed to a Kmart that
was closed but was offering gallon jugs of water to anyone who asked. "A lot of
my employees are in the same position as our customers," manager Carter Waddams
said.

A bright spot

Other good news came in police reports that there has been little quake- related
crime -- in part, some speculated -- because of a curfew that continued
Wednesday night.

On the education front, though, schools will remain closed until next week --
and even then, up to 200,000 students might not have a safe place to learn.

As emergency efforts continued, people at some shelters complained of long waits
for the basics.

"Bill Clinton is right up the street," one man grumbled as he waited for lunch
that officials said would be too little -- 40 servings for 150 people -- an hour
late.

Red Cross officials said they were not aware of serious delays. But with 25
shelters and the transportation disruptions, "you can imagine the logistical
nightmares," said representative Barbara Wilks. "We don't know whether five
people are going to stay there, or 500 people."

For his part, Doug Nichoalds said he wanted the president to bring faster
building inspections. "Our maintenance man told us yesterday it would be OK to
sleep in that building, but I noticed last night he's still sleeping outside,"
Nichoalds said. As many as 20,000 people are thought to be sleeping in parks,
officials said. A request from the state could lead the Federal Emergency
Management Agency to send tents to shelter those people as weather reports
forecast rain for the weekend.

News that FEMA's disaster assistance centers were scheduled to open today --
offering emergency housing, financial assistance for housing and family grants
of up to $12,200 -- was welcome news throughout the region. A toll-free
telephone number has been overwhelmed with up to 3,000 calls an hour, a
representative said.

FEMA's generous gesture

To ease the burdens of many victims, the agency will allow those who have
entered the country illegally to apply for assistance. People need only show a
utility receipt or driver's license as proof of residency, representative Terry
Hamlin said.

"It's not the government's intent at this very critical stage to make life any
harder than it is," Hamlin said. He added that some victims of the region's
devastating autumn fires received checks within a week of applying.

While the massive machinery of assistance shifted to higher gears Wednesday, the
people who control it tried to sound notes of hope. Among the officials at the
Burbank town hall were U.S. Sens. Dianne Feinstein and Barbara Boxer, Wilson,
gubernatorial candidate Kathleen Brown, Los Angeles Mayor Richard Riordan, HUD
Secretary Henry Cisneros, Transportation Secretary Federico Pena, FEMA head
James Lee Witt and several members of Congress, the Legislature and local
governments. Rep. Norm Mineta.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: The L.A. QUAKE
Mercury News Staff Writers Rodney Foo and Brandon Bailey contributed to this
report.

GRAPHIC: Photos (2);
PHOTO: ASSOCIATED PRESS
In Canoga Park, as in Northridge, this apartment complex shifted, collapsing
onto a row of cars. President Clinton toured some of the damaged areas
Wednesday.
940120 FR 19A PS 1
PHOTO: ASSOCIATED PRESS
A Department of Transportation worker talks to President Clinton during his tour
in San Fernando Valley. At left is Sen. Barbara Boxer.
940120 FR 19A Ph 2

                     Copyright 1994 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              856 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          The Providence Journal, R.I.

                           February 3, 2005, Thursday

Reed presses for increase in heating assistance

BYLINE: By John E. Mulligan

LENGTH: 814 words



WASHINGTON -- As the Bush administration sent out this stormy winter's second
round of $ 100 million in emergency grants to heat the homes of needy people,
Sen. Jack Reed said this week that the rest of the national fund should be
released now.

"The cold weather, high energy costs and lackluster job economy" have combined
this winter to put more "desperate families" in need of the federal heating
grants, said Reed.

Speaking Tuesday at an outdoor news conference on snow-covered Capitol Hill,
Reed led colleagues in what has become an annual tugging match over the
Low-Income Home Energy Assistance Program.

Legislators and heating-aid activists called for accelerated spending of the $
100 million left in the emergency portion of this year's fund. They also said
President Bush should seek an increase of more than 50 percent in the overall
program to $ 3.4 billion when he sends Congress his 2006 budget next week.

The Bush administration, meanwhile, publicized its efforts to help heat the
homes of the needy. It is making sure low-income families have the assistance
they need to stay warm this winter, Health and Human Services Secretary Mike
Leavitt said in a news release Monday to announce the second installment of
grants from a special federal fund. The grants will help low-income Americans
with their heating bills, Leavitt said.

In a separate announcement yesterday, the Citizens Bank Foundation said it will
contribute $ 175,000 to help homeless shelters in New England pay their heating
bills this winter.

Rhode Island shelters will receive $ 50,000 contributed by Citizens Bank and
distributed by the Rhode Island Coalition for the Homeless.

Enduring cold spells across the nation this winter make this continued
assistance a top priority of Mr. Bush, said Dr. Wade F. Horn, Health and Human
Services assistant secretary for children and families. The department said its
program helps more than 4.5 million needy families heat their homes in winter or
cool them in summer.

But Reed said the program helps only about 15 percent of those whose income
qualifies them for aid. Besides heating grants, the assistance can also take the
form of home improvements to improve energy efficiency.

According to federal and state surveys compiled by Reed's office, there were
144,000 Rhode Islanders among the 32.7 million Americans eligible for the energy
aid program in 2002. But only about 25,000 Rhode Islanders actually got grants
in 2002, the last year for which complete survey comparisons were available.

Matteo P. Guglielmetti, chief of the Rhode Island program, said last month that
the state would help an estimated 26,000 people this winter with the $ 13.7
million it had received in federal grants. But Reed's office said the average
amount of individual grants has been pared to stretch the federal dollar enough
to cover this year's rising demand for help.

In Rhode Island, a family qualifies for the program if its income is 60 percent
of the state's median income, or less. A single person earning $ 21,106 or less
is eligible, as is a family of four with income of $ 40,588 or less, according
to Reed.

State officials have said the surge in fuel prices and the recent run of extreme
weather make the challenge of heating poor people's homes much tougher.

A state Senate panel heard testimony last month that it took an infusion of
charitable contributions in fall and early winter simply to get the heat back on
in homes that had been shut off for non-payment. The state energy aid office and
the local community groups that help it dispense grants have reported long
waiting lists for aid.

The administration sent blocks of $ 100 million to state energy aid agencies at
the end of December and the end of last month. That leaves another $ 100 million
in the portion of the aid budget set aside for emergencies. Besides that money,
the current budget includes $ 1.9 billion in block grants dispensed through the
states in a more routine fashion, according to the American Gas Association,
which joined in the call for more federal heating aid.

For Rhode Island, this week's round of emergency heating grants meant a second
emergency installment of $ 946,648.

Reed and some of his colleagues asserted that the states could plan and spend
more efficiently if they had their entire emergency fund in hand.

"We're always playing catch-up," said Sen. Charles E. Schumer, a New York
Democrat. "It gets to be a crisis and then they drip, drip, drip," he said of
the Bush administration. The flow of emergency money to the state aid agencies
is like "the ice-cold dripping of the water," said Schumer. "Let's just open the
spigot."



-----

To see more of the The Providence Journal, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.projo.com.


LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: PJ-HEAT-ASSIST-20050203

JOURNAL-CODE: PJ

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                  Copyright 2005 The Providence Journal, R.I.


                              857 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Northern Daily Leader

                           November 21, 2013 Thursday

WHILE there was nothing in it for Tamworth or the tablelands

SECTION: BUSINESS SECTON; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 386 words


WHILE there was nothing in it for Tamworth or the tablelands areas, the Bourke,
Brewarrina and Walgett local government areas yesterday received $7.6 million in
emergency support for drought-stricken farmers.

Regional Assistance Advisory chairman David Palmer said the committee would
continue to monitor seasonal conditions across NSW and provide feedback and
advice to the government as required.

The committee, in force since February, has replaced the drought-declaration
mechanism formerly used by the government.

Northern Tablelands MP Adam Marshall said minister Katrina Hodgkinson did not
make the decision about which areas got assistance that was the job of the
advisory committee.

"I understand the authority is looking at our area," Mr Marshall said.

Tamworth MP Kevin Anderson said Tamworth had been "pretty much on the fringe" of
drought conditions and that our area was "certainly nowhere near as bad as
Brewarrina, Walgett and Bourke".

He said extra help would "kick into our area when the situation requires".

"If these current conditions continue, it will work its way east, no doubt about
it," Mr Anderson said.

Yesterday's announcement for the three North West areas includes:

n Up to $20,000 per producer in the form of a transport assistance
reimbursement, backdated to July 1, 2013;

n Up to $30,000 per producer for emergency water infrastructure grants, which
the Commonwealth government has indicated it will match;

n Additional funding for the Rural Support Worker Program and a drought incident
co-ordinator;

n Waiving of Western Lands lease payments;

n Waiving of Wild Dog Destruction Board rates; and

n Transport subsidies for animal welfare, focused on stock going to sale or
slaughter, where there is significant risk to animal welfare, which will remain
while drought conditions persist.

Deputy premier Andrew Stoner said the assistance package, which follows drought
preparedness and in-drought support measures announced on October 30, was
recognition of the plight many landholders were facing.

"Landholders and communities in North West NSW are currently dealing with
extraordinarily difficult circumstances," Mr Stoner said.

The package brings NSW into line with assistance provided in drought-stricken
areas of Queensland and is in addition to the assistance measures announced by
Ms Hodgkinson.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2013 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              858 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            April 16, 1996, Tuesday

Brooksville's emergency crew will hit the highway in a disaster

BYLINE: DAN DeWITT

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 451 words

DATELINE: BROOKSVILLE



One of the city's newest acquisitions is a 20-year-old, 5-ton GMC truck that
pulls a 12-year-old trailer.

But because the rig previously was used to haul Army tanks, "it is big,"  said
City Manager Dick Anderson. "And we drove it down from Starke, so we  know it's
in good shape. It even has new tires."

The rig was also cheap; the city bought it for $ 1,250 from the Army in  March.

The truck, along with a $ 50,000 grant from the state, is part of a plan to  put
together a mobile emergency response team.

Brooksville's team will serve in conjunction with Hernando County's, said  Laura
Beagles, the county's emergency management director. The county has a  mobile
command center outfitted with computers and communications equipment.

Anderson's plan is to have a group of six or eight city workers in three
vehicles able to respond to any nearby natural disaster.

It will help Brooksville as well as nearby areas and is based on a strategy
that occurred to several people hit by Hurricane Andrew in 1992.

Anderson, who was city manager in hard-hit Florida City at the time,  discovered
that most city equipment was worthless because it was either  destroyed or
buried under debris.

So, for example, if a forecast calls for a hurricane to hit Brooksville,  the
mobile crew members will depart for the nearest safe location with their
equipment. They would return after the storm hit, ready to help with the
recovery.

Besides the truck and trailer, which will carry a front-end loader or a
bulldozer, the convoy will include a converted recreational vehicle, bought
with $ 41,000 of the grant money, and a city utility truck outfitted with
equipment to repair water and sewer facilities. The truck will pull a
400-gallon water tank, which the city also bought from the Army.

The recreational vehicle, outfitted with bunk beds and stocked with enough  food
and water for four days, will serve as the headquarters and home for the  crew.

"One thing we found out after Andrew (was) a bunch of people showed up to  help
and they became part of the problem because they had to be taken care of,  too,"

 Anderson said.

The crew will include firefighters, water and sewer workers, and a
heavy-equipment operator and will be led by Fire Chief Jim Adkins. Anderson
said he hopes to train several city workers for the emergency duty so there
will be people to relieve the first crew that responds.

Anderson said he hopes to begin testing the system in May.

The city was one of about 20 to receive an Emergency Management  Preparedness
and Assistance grant from the state Department of Community  Affairs, said
Suzanne Adams, director of the program.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: HERNANDO TIMES

                    Copyright 1996 Times Publishing Company


                              859 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                The Ritzville Adams County Journal (Washington)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 14, 2014

Federal delegation encourages President Obama to grant disaster declaration

BYLINE: The Ritzville Adams County Journal staff

LENGTH: 1380  words


August 7, the federal delegation representing impacted areas in Washington state
sent a letter to President Barack Obama urging him to grant the major disaster
declaration that was requested by Governor Jay Inslee. The letter was sent by
U.S. Senators Patty Murray (D-WA) and Maria Cantwell (D-WA) and U.S.
Representatives Doc Hastings (WA-4) and Dave Reichert (WA-8).

"While local communities and state agencies have responded admirably, a disaster
of this magnitude requires long-term federal assistance to help these
communities respond, rebuild, and cope with this tragedy," the members wrote in
the letter. "We fully support Governor Inslee's request for a major disaster
declaration that includes hazard mitigation, public assistance, and individual
assistance. The public assistance requested by Governor Inslee is vital to
restoring public infrastructure damaged by the wildfires. Further, individual
assistance with housing support, disaster crisis counseling, disaster
unemployment, and other supports will help meet the needs of the families,
business owners, and other community members who are struggling in the aftermath
of this disaster."

The full text of the letter follows:

Dear Mr. President:

We write to urge you to approve as quickly as possible the federal major
disaster declaration requested this week by Washington Governor Jay Inslee.

We are grateful for your quick approval on July 23, 2014, of Governor Inslee's
request for a federal emergency disaster declaration (FEMA-3371-EM). However, as
the magnitude of these wildfires has grown with time, so too has the long-term
personal and economic effects on the small, rural communities in Washington. The
emergency declaration, while vital in supporting the immediate response of the
firefighters to save lives and property, is inadequate to support the long-term
needs of individual families or the public entities throughout the region.

As you know, Washington state is having the worst wildfire season in years.
Wildfires burning in Counties throughout Central and Eastern Washington have
stretched our state's wildfire fighting resources thin. Lightning storms in the
region sparked more than 150 fires in mid-July, and new starts have continued to
occur in August. Several of the starts in July merged to form the Mills Canyon,
Carlton Complex, and Chiwaukum Complex wildfires. To date, wildfires in
Washington state have consumed more than 350,000 acres of land, this is five
times the average annual acres burned.

Ignited on July 14, 2014, the Carlton Complex wildfire in Okanogan and Chelan
Counties has grown to become the largest wildfire in Washington state history.
This wildfire alone has forced the evacuation of hundreds and has destroyed more
than 450 structures, including family homes, businesses, outbuildings, and
seasonal multi-family farmworker housing. The Chiwaukum Complex and Mills Canyon
wildfires in Chelan County have burned nearly 40,000 acres. While thousands of
personnel have responded to control these two wildfires, the Chiwaukum Complex
remains only 35-percent contained. These three fires have caused significant
damage to public infrastructure in Central Washington and will have lasting
effects on these communities.

Together, Mills Canyon, Carlton Complex, and Chiwaukum Complex wildfires have
destroyed more than 300 homes, mostly in Okanogan County. Given the already low
levels of unoccupied housing in Okanogan County, the loss of these homes has
created an acute housing shortage. While local hotels are normally relied upon
to address disaster-triggered housing shortages, the ongoing and economically
vital tourist season has significantly diminished the number of rooms available
to displaced Okanogan County households. Federal assistance is needed
immediately to stem this housing shortage before it grows into a crisis.

The region's public infrastructure has sustained enormous damage due to the
wildfires. The Carlton Complex wildfire has destroyed 345 miles of distribution
lines, 21 miles of transmission lines, and more than-85 miles of fiber optic
lines owned by the Okanogan Public Utility District (PUD) - all of which must be
replaced. The damage caused by the fire resulted in loss of power service to
3,602 Okanogan PUD customers and approximately 3,500 Okanogan Cooperative
customers. Additionally, at least 7,100 PUD customers were without power and
telecommunications ser-vices for extended periods of time. During one 14 hour
period, nearly all of Okanogan County lacked access to any telecommunication
services, including cellular networks, broadband networks, and 911 emergency
operators. Rebuilding these public utilities will take months and federal
assistance is seriously needed.

We are proud that Washington state is home to a strong agriculture economy, with
farmers, ranchers, and agriculture businesses located throughout our state.
Okanogan County is no exception. The County supported more than 1,440 farms in
2012 and is a major producer of apples, cherries, pears, forage, wheat, and
cattle resulting in $287 million in agriculture sales. Of the estimated 41,000
Wash-ingtonians living in Okanogan County, approximately 45-percent of the total
workforce is tied to the agriculture sector. However, as the Carlton Complex
wildfire moved through Okanogan County it killed cattle, blackened thousands of
acres of grazing land, scorched orchards, and destroyed critical farming
equipment, including miles of orchard fencing used to protect the fruit from
deer. The power outages further compounded these losses. Without power,
irrigation pumps would not operate and farmers struggled to water the crops
spared by the wildfires. Further, because power outages disrupted refrigeration
in cold storage facilities, producers saw harvested crops that were awaiting
packing and shipping perish. With so much of Okanogan County's workforce tied to
the agricultural industry, the losses suffered have resulted in significant
hardship for the local economy and residents of Central Washington.

During the past weeks, we have worked closely with the affected communities in
Okanogan and Chelan Counties, and the Confederated Tribes of the Colville
Reservation. We have heard many heartbreaking stories from constituents who lost
everything when their homes were destroyed by wildfire, including a family of
seven. But we have also heard stories of generosity and bravery that best
characterize the steely and determined nature of these communities - stories of
neighbors who banded together to fight back flames licking at their doorstep and
stories of fathers who worked tirelessly to save their children's school from
burning. These citizens are proud and fiercely independent people accustomed to
taking care of their own and handling situations within their community, making
their calls for help all the more meaningful.

We are enormously proud of the thousands of firefighters, volunteers, and
soldiers from multiple local and state agencies who have responded heroically to
this disaster. We are grateful for all those who have traveled from Colorado,
Oregon, Montana, and other jurisdictions to lend their assistance in
firefighting. We also deeply appreciate the commitment of the many citizens,
volunteers, charities, businesses, and local elected and appointed officials who
have risen to serve their neighbors during this very difficult time.

While local communities and state agencies have responded admirably, a disaster
of this magnitude requires long-term federal assistance to help these
communities respond, rebuild, and cope with this tragedy. We fully support
Governor Inslee's request for a major disaster declaration that includes hazard
mitigation, public assistance, and individual assistance. The public assistance
requested by Governor Inslee is vital to restoring public infrastructure damaged
by the wildfires. Further, individual assistance with housing support, disaster
crisis counseling, disaster unemployment, and other supports will help meet the
needs of the families, business owners, and other community members who are
struggling in the aftermath of this disaster.

We therefore urge you to grant Governor Inslee's request in its entirety as soon
as possible. Thank you in advance for your quick attention to this matter.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RTZ

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
               Copyright 2014 The Ritzville Adams County Journal


                              860 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      March 19, 1993, Friday, City Edition

Center spells disaster relief

BYLINE: WES PLATT

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1026 words

DATELINE: HERNANDO BEACH



Dozens of coastal residents of Hernando County took a break from cleanup
efforts Thursday to apply for federal aid.

About 20 people stood in line or sat on benches in the parking lot of the
Veterans of Foreign Wars post on Shoal Line Boulevard about 11:30 a.m.,  waiting
for appointments to meet with relief workers.

Earlier this week, the VFW post became the center of relief efforts  following
Saturday's storm and floods, but county, state and federal agencies  were not
set up to meet with residents until Wednesday afternoon.

Ava Hagen, a disaster assistance center manager with the Federal Emergency
Management Agency, coordinated activities at the post Thursday. Hagen, of
Missouri, has been with FEMA for 13 years. Last year, she recalled, she  managed
a relief center after the Los Angeles riots, where victims were  abusive and
angry at times.

In contrast, Hernando County storm victims appeared to have pulled together  in
a show of community support.

"Everybody here seems to know everybody, and they're like one big family.  Here
you see people hugging each other," Hagen said. "In bigger cities like  Los
Angeles, many times you don't even know your next-door neighbor."

By about noon, she said, 27 people had completed the application process,  which
takes anywhere from 25 to 45 minutes.

Many applicants have used FEMA's telephone registration option, but some  still
need to meet with relief workers at the VFW post to finish the process,  Hagen
said.

For the most part, she said, residents have shown patience and  understanding
while waiting to be interviewed for federal aid.

"A lot do ask us to explain the process, so we tell them what happens here  and
what they need to do when we finish with them," Hagen said.

Lamont Pearce, a 35-year-old Weeki Wachee resident, sat on a damp wooden  bench
under a donated green funeral canopy Thursday, waiting for his  appointment.

A river resident for the past 20 years, Pearce said he lost nearly  everything
when 4-foot flood waters surged through his single-story home.  Still, he said
he won't let the disaster keep him down.

"I've never been through anything like this before, and I hope I never  have to
go through it again," Pearce said. "But if you're not laughing,  you're crying."

His neighbor, Florence Tracy, was well inland at the Sertoma Youth Ranch on
Saturday when the storm struck.

"I missed the whole thing," Tracy said as she waited outside the center.  "And I
had my car with me."

Hundreds of cars, trucks and motorcycles along the coast were ruined by  salt
water. But she hardly escaped automotive calamity.

Before she could drive back to the coast, the thermostat in her station  wagon
malfunctioned. Tracy got the car back Monday. Now, she said, there's a  gas
leak.

"If it's not one thing, it's another," she said, laughing.

Tracy said she has made progress cleaning out her flood-soaked home, thanks  to
a good Samaritan she knows only as Mary Ellen. The stranger, who was  pregnant
and had two children, brought clothes and groceries to Tracy and  helped her
remove ruined carpet.

"She was a dynamo," Tracy said. "I asked her where she got the energy. I
offered to pay her, but she said no. She said, "You can just have us over for  a
cookout some day. We like the water."'

In other storm-related news Thursday:

The Sheriff's Office reported two more arrests of people caught prowling  around
Hernando County's ravaged coastal communities. That brings to six the  number of
people arrested in the area on traffic, drug and alcohol charges  since the
storm struck. However, no one has been caught looting.

Some residents have credited the high visibility of deputies since the  disaster
for the low incidence of crime in the area.

The American Red Cross moved its disaster relief operation to the Coast  Guard
Auxiliary building about a half-mile north of its former location at the  VFW
post. Officials said volunteers needed more room since other relief  agencies
had arrived to handle disaster aid at the post.

Richard James Ballard, the 48-year-old Spring Hill man who nearly drowned
Wednesday trying to recover a pontoon boat from a Hernando beach, was listed  in
critical condition on Thursday at HCA/Oak Hill Hospital. He had been listed  in
fair condition Wednesday afternoon.

Disaster assistance

The disaster assistance center is in Hernando Beach at the Veterans of  Foreign
Wars post, 3435 Shoal Line Blvd.

Representatives will be available from the Federal Emergency Management  Agency
(FEMA), state Department of Health and Rehabilitative Services, the  state
unemployment compensation division, Hernando County government and the
Sheriff's Office.

The center's hours are 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. through Sunday, and all claims  must be
made by Sunday.

FEMA assistance includes disaster housing grants; loans for damage to  homes,
personal property and businesses; grants for serious individual and  family
needs not otherwise covered by insurance or other programs; and  unemployment
assistance.

Federal aid applicants should bring the following with them:

Social Security number.

A list of damages or losses.

Clear directions to damaged property.

Any insurance policy number, or the agent's and company name, if insured.

To apply by phone, call (800) 462-9029.

Eight phone lines have been installed at the center for public use, but are
limited to local, collect and toll-free calls. Use of the phones is free.

The main recovery operation, including the American Red Cross, has moved to  the
Coast Guard Auxiliary building at 4340 Calienta St. in Hernando Beach.  Food and
supplies will be handed out there. The county's building division  also will be
at the auxiliary building to issue permits from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m.

Teams of county workers have been sent into affected areas to update  residents
and provide them with plastic garbage bags.

Any resident who needs help moving a boat should contact the disaster
assistance center at 597-9961, 597-9962 or 597-9963. The Hernando County Port
Authority will coordinate those efforts.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: HERNANDO TIMES

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO, ROBERT ROGERS, (2); Outside the VFW post on Shoal Line
Boulevard on Thursday, Laura Beagles helps Peter Andrews with his paperwork.;
Inside the relief center Hernando County residents get help from disaster
assistance officials.

                            Times Publishing Company


                              861 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  The Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 25, 2013 Saturday

Peru gets $500,000 for water project

BYLINE: Jeff Meyers, The Press-Republican, Plattsburgh, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 480 words


May 25--PERU -- The Town of Peru will receive a $500,000 grant from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture to help complete an upgrade of its water supply.

Town councilors held during a special meeting this week to accept the Emergency
Community Water Assistance Grant for work being done at the town reservoir.

"It is definitely good news," Town Supervisor Peter Glushko said of the federal
grant. "Any amount of money is helpful, but $500,000 to help us improve the
water system is a big plus for the town."

90 PERCENT DONE

The town began an extensive $3.2 million project to upgrade the town's water
-filtration plant, reservoir system and water-storage tower in 2012.

That project is close to completion, but the USDA grant will help solidify final
touches before the system comes online in late summer or early autumn.

"We're probably 90 percent complete at this time," said Gregory Timmons,
superintendent of Water and Sewer for Peru.

The town is waiting for the delivery of filters for the filtration plant, which
are expected to arrive in mid June, Timmons noted.

Once that equipment is installed, remaining work on the reservoir should be
finished within nine to 12 weeks, he added.

STORM DAMAGE

Liz Tedford, an independent consultant, has been working with the town and with
engineers to write the grant proposal for USDA funds.

"I was aware of this grant program and knew the money was available," said
Tedford, who will hand-deliver the town's approved resolution to the USDA's
regional office in Canton and expects to receive final approval within a few
weeks.

The town's reservoir became a topic of interest in the overall project when
engineers realized that damage from Tropical Storm Irene in 2011 was causing
major setbacks in treating the town's water supply.

Adjustments were made to the original project specs to include a pre-filtering
plant at the reservoir to treat the excess amounts of sediments and organics
that are causing problems, Tedford noted.

"We needed to expand the scope of the project to address this emergency," she
said.

The grant money will specifically be used for those upgrades at the reservoir.

The town does not have to provide matching funds to receive the grant.

WATER TESTS

Regular tests of the town water supply have shown reduced levels of certain
organics over the past few months. The water is safe for use, and no boil-water
orders have been needed.

Town councilors in attendance at the special meeting unanimously approved the
resolution authorizing the receipt, use and disbursement of grant funds.
Councilor Brandy McDonald was excused from the meeting.

Councilor James Douglass thanked Timmons and Tedford in their work to secure the
grant.

Email Jeff Meyers: jmeyers@pressrepublican.com

___ (c)2013 the Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, N.Y.) Visit the Press-Republican
(Plattsburgh, N.Y.) at pressrepublican.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130525-ZI-Peru-gets-500,000-for-water-project-0525-20130525

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZI


                      Copyright 2013 The Press-Republican


                              862 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  The Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 24, 2013 Friday

Peru gets $500,000 for water project

BYLINE: Jeff Meyers, The Press-Republican, Plattsburgh, N.Y.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 479 words


May 24--PERU -- The Town of Peru will receive a $500,000 grant from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture to help complete an upgrade of its water supply.

Town councilors held during a special meeting this week to accept the Emergency
Community Water Assistance Grant for work being done at the town reservoir.

"It is definitely good news," Town Supervisor Peter Glushko said of the federal
grant. "Any amount of money is helpful, but $500,000 to help us improve the
water system is a big plus for the town."

90 PERCENT DONE

The town began an extensive $3.2 million project to upgrade the town's water
-filtration plant, reservoir system and water-storage tower in 2012.

That project is close to completion, but the USDA grant will help solidify final
touches before the system comes online in late summer or early autumn.

"We're probably 90 percent complete at this time," said Gregory Timmons,
superintendent of Water and Sewer for Peru.

The town is waiting for the delivery of filters for the filtration plant, which
are expected to arrive in mid June, Timmons noted.

Once that equipment is installed, remaining work on the reservoir should be
finished within nine to 12 weeks, he added.

STORM DAMAGE

Liz Tedford, an independent consultant, has been working with the town and with
engineers to write the grant proposal for USDA funds.

"I was aware of this grant program and knew the money was available," said
Tedford, who will hand-deliver the town's approved resolution to the USDA's
regional office in Canton and expects to receive final approval within a few
weeks.

The town's reservoir became a topic of interest in the overall project when
engineers realized that damage from Tropical Storm Irene in 2011 was causing
major setbacks in treating the town's water supply.

Adjustments were made to the original project specs to include a pre-filtering
plant at the reservoir to treat the excess amounts of sediments and organics
that are causing problems, Tedford noted.

"We needed to expand the scope of the project to address this emergency," she
said.

The grant money will specifically be used for those upgrades at the reservoir.

The town does not have to provide matching funds to receive the grant.

WATER TESTS

Regular tests of the town water supply have shown reduced levels of certain
organics over the past few months. The water is safe for use, and no boil-water
orders have been needed.

Town councilors in attendance at the special meeting unanimously approved the
resolution authorizing the receipt, use and disbursement of grant funds.
Councilor Brandy McDonald was excused from the meeting.

Councilor James Douglass thanked Timmons and Tedford in their work to secure the
grant.

Email Jeff Meyers

jmeyers@pressrepublican.com

___ (c)2013 the Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, N.Y.) Visit the Press-Republican
(Plattsburgh, N.Y.) at pressrepublican.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130524-ZI-Peru-gets-500,000-for-water-project-0524-20130524

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZI


                      Copyright 2013 The Press-Republican


                              863 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Springfield News-Sun, Ohio

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             May 13, 2015 Wednesday

Interim agency wants to continue serving Champaign, Logan

BYLINE: Katie Wedell, Springfield News-Sun, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 595 words


May 13--MARYSVILLE -- The regional non-profit that has been filling the services
gap for low income people in Champaign, Logan and Shelby counties since the
financial collapse of the Tri-County Community Action Commission last year is
now applying with the state to be the permanent provider of federal grants for
the area.

The Community Action Organization of Delaware, Madison and Union counties has
already opened offices in Urbana, Bellefontaine and Sidney, started providing
home energy and home weatherization assistance previously administered by
Tri-County, and is handling other Community Services Block Grant programs on an
emergency basis.

The Ohio Development Services Agency hopes to name a permanent provider for that
federal money by July and has begun the formal application procedure with
CAODMU.

"DMU has expressed interest in continuing to provide services to those
counties," said Penny Martin, public information officer for ODSA.

Tri-County, headquartered in Bellefontaine, lost its CSBG designation last year
after an ODSA audit revealed federal funds were being used to pay for programs
not included in the grant, part of what board President Al Evans called, "years
of mismanaging funds" on the part of former executive director Denise Birt.

Once grants were pulled, the agency couldn't pay its employees and shut down in
April of 2014.

A public meeting was held in Champaign County to hear about community needs last
month, and now the organization must secure endorsements from two thirds of the
mayors and county commissions in the three-county area.

Shelby County commissioners have already given their endorsement, according to
Rochelle Twining, executive director of CAODMU, which is based in Marysville.

CSBG money can be used for a wide variety of services, determined by the needs
of each individual county.

The two-year grant currently provides about $465,000 for the three-county area,
Martin said.

"It can take a lot of forms," she said. "It can be housing assistance, it can be
financial literacy programming."

One of the programs it has started in Champaign County under the current grant
is tax filing assistance, she said.

"The top need identified (at the public meeting) was for affordable housing,
rent and mortgage assistance," she said. Other needs, in order, included water
assistance, food, transportation and school fee assistance.

If selected to administer the grants on a permanent basis, CAODMU would need to
create a board consisting of local officials, business and non-profit
representatives and low-income individuals from Champaign, Logan and Shelby
counties. It already has such a board from the counties currently served.

If other non-profits are interested in taking over the grants and can get the
necessary endorsements, they are allowed to apply, Martin said. But CAODMU is
currently the only organization going through the process.

There has been some concern from local officials that they'd like to see the
services provided by a more local organization, Twining said.

CAODMU plans to maintain its local offices in each county, so only
administrative level functions of the six-county agency would be handled on a
regional level, she said.

ODSA plans to have all applications and endorsements submitted by the end of
June and make its decision in July. That way the new local provider can be
included on Ohio's annual submission to the federal government that is due by
Sept. 1.

___ (c)2015 Springfield News-Sun, Ohio Visit Springfield News-Sun, Ohio at
www.springfieldnewssun.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150513-1SP-Interim-agency-wants-to-continue-serving-Champaign-Logan-0513-20150
513

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1SP


                   Copyright 2015 Springfield News-Sun, Ohio


                              864 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                             July 4, 2012 Wednesday

OBAMA DECLARES PASCO A FEDERAL DISASTER AREA

BYLINE: LEE LOGAN, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; TROPICAL STORM DEBBY; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 638 words

DATELINE: NEW PORT RICHEY



HIGHLIGHT: Aid can now flow to those affected by Debby.


President Barack Obama late Tuesday declared Pasco County as a federal disaster
area following last week's Tropical Storm Debby. The declaration also included
four North Florida counties.

The decision makes federal funding available for Pasco residents and property
owners affected by the storm and related flooding. Assistance can include grants
for temporary housing and home repairs and low-cost loans to cover uninsured
losses.

"That is going to be direct assistance to the folks out in our community that
were hurt," Pasco Emergency Management director Annette Doying said earlier
Tuesday, as county commissioners approved an extension of the local state of
emergency through July 8.

In addition, Doying said she expected the federal government to declare a
"public assistance emergency," and reimburse county government's estimated $4
million in recovery expenses.

Tuesday night's release from the White House said other Florida counties could
be added to the disaster declaration and additional forms of assistance could be
made available.

Doying said more than 100 Pasco homes were severely damaged or destroyed by the
storm, which prompted mandatory evacuations of about 7,000 homes and businesses
in southwest Pasco. In the days after the storm hit, county officials estimated
it caused $1.5 million in damage to homes and $4 million in damage to
businesses. Those figures will likely be much higher when final assessments are
completed, but Doying said the county has been focused on tracking exactly how
many properties were damaged. She said New Port Richey has an estimated $600,000
in damages.

And while most of the flooding is gone, some low-lying areas are still dealing
with high water. One of the most acute problems is the Bass Lake neighborhood,
which is on the Bear Creek watershed. Doying said the area was not hardest hit
when the storm first arrived, but has been collecting water that drained from
other parts of west Pasco.

Stan Shaver owns a rental property on Cameo Drive along Lake Worrell. Along with
about a dozen other properties, much of his yard is underwater. Nearby Sunrise
Lane is still flooded.

"We don't like the fact that it's taken this long for the water to drain off,"
he said. "Steps haven't been taken to prevent or alleviate some of that volume."

Shaver said residents would like the county to clear spillways and remove other
barriers keeping the water in the area.

County Commissioner Henry Wilson said if workers let the water drain quicker, it
would simply flood adjacent neighborhoods. He's already getting calls from
residents in Tanglewood to slow the drainage.

"We're between a rock and a hard spot," he said.

Doying said she hopes the water will begin percolating within two or three days.

Another problem: Many of the homes in the Bass Lake area are on septic tanks
that are not working because of the flooding. Doying said county workers will
soon bring portable toilets to the neighborhood, and possibly portable showers
and sanitation stations.

Wilson said he hopes to eventually connect the neighborhood to the county's
wastewater system to prevent a similar problem in the future.

Lee Logan can be reached at llogan@tampabay.com or (727) 869-6236.

* * *

FAST FACTS

How to get help

Residents can begin applying for assistance today by registering online at
www.disasterassistance.gov or by calling (800) 621-3362. The county is also
asking residents to register their storm losses by calling the county's resident
information center at (727) 847-8959. Operators will also help people apply for
federal assistance at that number.

Debris collection

The county is asking people to bring storm-related debris such as damaged carpet
or drywall to the curb for collection if it is not covered by flood insurance.
People should separate the debris from regular garbage. Pickup could start next
week.

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2012 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              865 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                            July 12, 2006 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

TEXAS DIGEST

BYLINE: Compiled from staff and wire reports

SECTION: METRO & STATE; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 541 words


JASPER COUNTY

Two toddlers die in house fire

HOUSTON

Beaten teen's parents speak

Nearly two months after the attack, the parents of a severely beaten teenager
said their son would never fully recover from the assault that he has yet to
comprehend. Speaking publicly for the first time Monday, the mother of the
17-year-old Spring teen said her son asks "Why? Who are these people? And why
(me)?"

She and her husband, who asked to be identified only as the Galvans, said they
believed that the crime was motivated by their son's Hispanic heritage.

The boy was severely beaten at an April 22 party by two new acquaintances. He
was punched, kicked, burned with cigarettes, doused with bleach and sodomized
with a plastic pipe before being left for hours in the backyard of a classmate's
home. He remains hospitalized.

Justin Tuck, 18, and Keith Turner, 17, have pleaded not guilty to charges of
aggravated assault. The Galvans' lawyer is investigating possible ties with hate
groups because the teenagers allegedly uttered racial slurs during the attack.

FLU PREPARATIONS

More money for pandemic plan

Texas will receive $15.4 million in additional federal money to prepare for a
flu pandemic, U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Michael Leavitt announced
Tuesday. The funds are part of a $225 million allocation to help states and
communities prepare for a possible outbreak.

The money is on top of $100 million awarded to states in February for planning
and exercising pandemic response plans and for identifying gaps in preparedness.
At that time, Texas received $5.9 million.

Doug McBride, a spokesman for the Texas Department of State Health Services,
said the new amount sounded like a fair share.

The state must now submit an application to the federal government with details
on how it intends to spend the money. Most likely, the money will go for
surveillance, disease control measures, planning and training, McBride said.

HURRICANE AID

Rita grants top $955 million

People affected by Hurricane Rita have been approved to receive more than $955.9
million in disaster assistance, including grants from the Federal Emergency
Management Agency and loans from the U.S. Small Business Administration,
officials said Tuesday.

FEMA said it will send an additional $809 million in public assistance to Texas.
Those dollars will reimburse local governments for debris removal, shelters and
other expenses related to Hurricanes Rita and Katrina.

To check the status of disaster assistance applications, visit http://fema.gov
or call 1-800-621-3362.

POST

Broken water line leaves town dry

A water line break discovered Tuesday morning forced officials to shut off water
to all the town's homes and businesses until repairs could be made.

Officials said water service could be restored today to the West Texas town
about 35 miles southeast of Lubbock.

The break in the 12-inch line along Texas 380 was discovered about 8 a.m.,
Assistant City Secretary Cynthia Williams said. Officials shut off the water
about two hours later when they discovered the extent of the problem while
repairing the line.

Some of the town's 3,708 residents have called town hall and said that they
still have water but that their pressure was low, she said.

Compiled from staff and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              866 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                             August 16, 2010 Monday

PepsiCo Foundation Pledges $500K to Pakistan Flooding Emergency Response Efforts

LENGTH: 443  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Aug. 16 -- The PepsiCo Foundation announced today its commitment to
contribute $500,000 to disaster relief in Pakistan in response to recent flash
and river flooding.

In support of the United Nations World Food Program (WFP), the PepsiCo
Foundation's disaster relief partner, $250,000 will be directed immediately to
the WFP's emergency and special operations already in place in Pakistan. The
funds will help provide humanitarian aid, including supplies and food assistance
, to some of the estimated six million Pakistanis whose homes and livelihoods
have been impacted by the heavy monsoon rains. The PepsiCo Foundation will work
together with PepsiCo's local business unit in Pakistan to identify an
appropriate beneficiary for the balance of the funding, which will be used for
rebuilding and recovery.

"PepsiCo is committed to helping the people of Pakistan persevere through this
extraordinary ordeal," said Saad Abdul-Latif, CEO of PepsiCo Asia, Middle East
and Africa. "Our friends and partners at the World Food Program will ensure that
our contribution will help immediately where it is needed most, while additional
relief aid from the PepsiCo Foundation as well as donations from PepsiCo
employees around the world will be put to the best possible use by our team on
the ground in Pakistan."

This pledge adds to the PepsiCo Foundation's history of giving across the globe
through grant making, associate programs and disaster response aid. In 2010,
PepsiCo donated $1 million and supplied bottled water, Gatorade and Quaker
products to support victims of the Haiti earthquake and granted $250,000 to the
nonprofit organization Un Techo Para Mi Pais to support Chilean earthquake
recovery.

Because WFP was already on the ground providing assistance to millions of
Pakistan's poorest people, the organization has been able to respond to the
disaster quickly and effectively. Despite the bad weather, the WFP has provided
a one-month supply of food to nearly 340,000 people in severely affected areas
of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province and other distressed communities.

About the PepsiCo Foundation

Established in 1962, the PepsiCo Foundation is the philanthropic anchor of
PepsiCo, responsible for providing charitable contributions to eligible
non-profit organizations. The Foundation is committed to developing sustainable
partnerships and programs in underserved regions that provide opportunities for
improved health, environment and education Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to this article or
any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              867 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           January 10, 1998 Saturday
                                National Edition

Thousands of farm families in Ottawa area huddle in dark

BYLINE: BY JEFF SALLOT The Globe and Mail

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 688 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


At times yesterday Ottawa seemed like an icy capital city cut off from its
country.

The airport was closed. Main highways to Montreal and Toronto were shut because
live high-voltage power lines crackled in the snow along the roadways. Trains
were cancelled.

And as night fell, large inky patches of darkness marked the spots where
neighbourhoods were without power.

The army moved into the region to assist fatigued power crews, police and other
emergency workers as a state of emergency continued and ice storms hammered
Eastern Ontario and southern Quebec for the fifth straight day.

Hauling mobile power generators and other heavy equipment, a convoy of more than
1,400 army engineers and other soldiers moved out at dawn from Canadian Forces
Base Petawawa, battled treacherous roadways throughout the morning, and began
deploying across the Ottawa area by midafternoon.

They were a welcome sight for civic officials, who said the state of emergency
in the Regional Municipality of Ottawa-Carleton will continue at least through
the weekend. About 30 smaller communities in Eastern Ontario also declared storm
emergencies, paving the way for cleanup grants and military assistance.

The bill will be in the millions, regional chairman Bob Chiarelli said. "This is
the freezing storm of the century, and it's taking its toll, big time."

Parliament Hill and the rest of the downtown core were quiet all day. Federal
government departments shut all but essential operations, as did most
businesses.

Residents were out piling fallen limbs from the stately trees of Rockcliffe
Park, Manor Park and other older neighbourhoods. "One of our greatest assets,
our urban forest, is devastated," Mr. Chiarelli said.

About 15 per cent of the households in Ottawa and its suburbs were without
power, some areas for the fourth day, and Hydro officials said that it could be
several more days. More than 80,000 households throughout Eastern Ontario were
without power, Ontario Hydro said.

Hydro crews were struggling to keep up. No sooner was power restored in one area
than it would go out in another. In outlying areas, scores of steel power pylons
crumpled and fell under the accumulating weight of ice.

Urban dwellers without power generally had no problem finding shelter with
family or friends, in hotels offering cut rates or at community centres where
there are now cots and soup kitchens.

The situation was far worse in surrounding rural areas. Thousands of isolated
farm families east and south of Ottawa huddled in the dark in their homes again
last night. Often they are also without running water because their well pumps
depend on electricity. They stay on because they must tend to their livestock.

Even when the highways are cleared of downed power lines and tree limbs, many
rural families won't be able to get to the city unless they have their own
gasoline supplies. Roadside service stations closed days ago because there was
no power for their gasoline pumps.

Glen Brooks, the mayor of Rideau Township, said his tiny community has been
devastated. Almost all the power lines are down. Well water is not being pumped.
Families are melting snow for fresh water.

In Osgoode Township, the only power was coming from mobile generators set up at
four community centres and the fire hall, Mayor Doug Thompson said.

Farther south, the Seaway community of Cornwall was crippled. About half the
city was without power throughout the day.

The arrival of the army yesterday marked the first major military operation in
the national capital since soldiers were assigned to protect federal facilities
and foreign diplomats during the October Crisis of 1970.

CFB Petawawa sent about all the soldiers it could spare, spokeswoman Lieutenant
Patricia Viscount said.

If needed, more troops can be made available in Ontario from Western Canada,
said General Maurice Baril, the Chief of Defence Staff.

"We're prepared to go anywhere at any time," said Captain Craig Gardner, an
operations officer.

Some think Bosnia and some of the other overseas deployments are the most
interesting, "but it really makes us feel good to help our own people," Capt.
Gardner added.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1998 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              868 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Regional Times

                            October 2, 2010 Saturday

Pakistan, UN launch $120 mln flood victim scheme

SECTION: Vol. III No. 1666

LENGTH: 220  words


Pakistan and the UN Development Programme (UNDP) Friday launched a 120 million
dollar programme to help people rebuild their lives following the country's
recent devastating floods.

"The one-year programme, which is part of a broader UN emergency response plan,
aims at restoring livelihoods through job creation, repairing basic community
infrastructure," the UN agency said in a statement. The United Nations has
issued a record two-billion-dollar appeal for funds to cope with the disaster,
which UN agencies say affected 21 million people and left 12 million in need of
emergency food aid.

"There is not a moment to lose. It is critical that winter crops are planted so
that millions of farmers do not become dependent on food," said the statement,
quoting UNDP country director Toshihiro Tanaka."Jobs need to be created through
cash-for-work schemes so that affected communities start to become
self-reliant," it said, adding: "early recovery is crucial for the country's
long-term development.

The programme aims to revive livelihoods across 39 of the most affected
districts by offering grants to 2,500 small and home-based businesses. People
affected by floods will also be provided agricultural goods, including seeds and
fertilizers, and creating temporary work to repair roads, water facilities and
protection walls.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Regional Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              869 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 21, 2016 Friday

North Carolina: Updated Information for Hurricane Matthew Recovery Efforts

LENGTH: 563  words

DATELINE: New York



 Dare: Dare County of North Carolina has issued the following news release:





  FEMA ASSISTANCE AVAILABLE FOR THOSE WHO SUFFERED DAMAGE - APPLY NOW
Homeowners, renters and business owners in Dare County who suffered damage
during Hurricane Matthew are urged to register with the Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA), as they may be eligible for disaster assistance.
Assistance may include grants for temporary housing, rental assistance and home
repairs, and for other serious disaster-related needs, such as repairing or
replacing damaged or destroyed personal property, and medical and dental
expenses. You may register for assistance online or by phone- visit
https://www.disasterassistance.gov/ or call 1-800-621-3362 or TTY 800-462-7585.
Information regarding availability of local disaster recovery centers will be
provided as details are received.





 STORM DEBRIS REMOVAL TO BEGIN FRIDAY IN HATTERAS VILLAGE Limited storm debris
removal will begin in Hatteras Village on Friday, October 21. Debris removal
services will increase next week when additional resources from the debris
removal contractors arrive. Updated information regarding the schedule will be
provided as more details are available. All storm generated debris should be
placed on a state maintained road in the public right of way and separated as
follows:



 VEGETATIVE DEBRIS (whole trees, tree stumps, tree branches, tree trunks and
other leafy material)



 CONSTRUCTION AND DEMOLITION DEBRIS (damaged components of buildings and
structures such lumber and wood, wall board, glass, metal, roofing materials,
tile, furnishings, and fixtures)



 HOUSEHOLD HAZARDOUS WASTE (materials that are ignitable, reactive, toxic or
corrosive such as paints, cleaners, pesticides, etc.)



 WHITE GOODS (refrigerators, freezers, air conditioners, heat pumps, ovens,
ranges, washing machines, clothes dryers and water heaters)



 ELECTRONIC WASTE (computers, televisions, office electronic equipment, etc.)
Only loose debris will be collected, bagged debris should not be placed on the
public right-of- way.



 MONETARY DONATIONS STILL NEEDED Dare County (as a governmental entity) is no
longer accepting donations of material goods; however, the need remains for
monetary assistance to help individuals with immediate needs. The Outer Banks
Community Foundation is working closely with Interfaith Community Outreach and
the Department of Health & Human Services to provide financial assistance to
those with emergency needs. Donations can be made online at www.obxdisaster.org,
or mailed to the Outer Banks Community Foundation at 13 Skyline Road, Southern
Shores, NC 27949. Please write "Disaster Relief" in the check memo line.



 REPLACEMENT FOOD AND NUTRITION BENEFITS EXTENDED TO OCTOBER 28 Dare County Food
and Nutrition Services beneficiaries experiencing food loss should report the
loss to the Dare County Department of Health & Human Services' Social Services
Division by Friday, October 28 to determine if they qualify for replacement
benefits. Please call the Manteo Campus at 252.475.5500 or Frisco Campus at
252.475.9320. Beneficiaries unable to contact their local County Department of
Social Services may call the Electronic Benefits Call Center at 1-866-719-0141
to report food loss.









 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              870 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 21, 2016 Friday

North Carolina: Updated Information for Hurricane Matthew Recovery Efforts

LENGTH: 563  words

DATELINE: New York



 Dare: Dare County of North Carolina has issued the following news release:





  FEMA ASSISTANCE AVAILABLE FOR THOSE WHO SUFFERED DAMAGE - APPLY NOW
Homeowners, renters and business owners in Dare County who suffered damage
during Hurricane Matthew are urged to register with the Federal Emergency
Management Agency (FEMA), as they may be eligible for disaster assistance.
Assistance may include grants for temporary housing, rental assistance and home
repairs, and for other serious disaster-related needs, such as repairing or
replacing damaged or destroyed personal property, and medical and dental
expenses. You may register for assistance online or by phone- visit
https://www.disasterassistance.gov/ or call 1-800-621-3362 or TTY 800-462-7585.
Information regarding availability of local disaster recovery centers will be
provided as details are received.





 STORM DEBRIS REMOVAL TO BEGIN FRIDAY IN HATTERAS VILLAGE Limited storm debris
removal will begin in Hatteras Village on Friday, October 21. Debris removal
services will increase next week when additional resources from the debris
removal contractors arrive. Updated information regarding the schedule will be
provided as more details are available. All storm generated debris should be
placed on a state maintained road in the public right of way and separated as
follows:



 VEGETATIVE DEBRIS (whole trees, tree stumps, tree branches, tree trunks and
other leafy material)



 CONSTRUCTION AND DEMOLITION DEBRIS (damaged components of buildings and
structures such lumber and wood, wall board, glass, metal, roofing materials,
tile, furnishings, and fixtures)



 HOUSEHOLD HAZARDOUS WASTE (materials that are ignitable, reactive, toxic or
corrosive such as paints, cleaners, pesticides, etc.)



 WHITE GOODS (refrigerators, freezers, air conditioners, heat pumps, ovens,
ranges, washing machines, clothes dryers and water heaters)



 ELECTRONIC WASTE (computers, televisions, office electronic equipment, etc.)
Only loose debris will be collected, bagged debris should not be placed on the
public right-of- way.



 MONETARY DONATIONS STILL NEEDED Dare County (as a governmental entity) is no
longer accepting donations of material goods; however, the need remains for
monetary assistance to help individuals with immediate needs. The Outer Banks
Community Foundation is working closely with Interfaith Community Outreach and
the Department of Health & Human Services to provide financial assistance to
those with emergency needs. Donations can be made online at www.obxdisaster.org,
or mailed to the Outer Banks Community Foundation at 13 Skyline Road, Southern
Shores, NC 27949. Please write "Disaster Relief" in the check memo line.



 REPLACEMENT FOOD AND NUTRITION BENEFITS EXTENDED TO OCTOBER 28 Dare County Food
and Nutrition Services beneficiaries experiencing food loss should report the
loss to the Dare County Department of Health & Human Services' Social Services
Division by Friday, October 28 to determine if they qualify for replacement
benefits. Please call the Manteo Campus at 252.475.5500 or Frisco Campus at
252.475.9320. Beneficiaries unable to contact their local County Department of
Social Services may call the Electronic Benefits Call Center at 1-866-719-0141
to report food loss.









 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              871 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 January 20, 1994 Thursday STOCK FINAL EDITION

TOLL RISES, TRAFFIC WORSE, RAIN DUE

BYLINE: PAMELA KRAMER AND JANET RAE-DUPREE,, Mercury News Staff Writers

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 19A

LENGTH: 1348 words

DATELINE: Los Angeles


Thousands of people driven from their homes by the Southern California
earthquake today are expected to test President Clinton's promise of immediate
aid to this stricken area.

Meanwhile, the still-shifting earth caused new headaches for residents today,
forcing the closure of a major hospital and a bridge near major film studios.

St. John's Hospital and Health Center in Santa Monica was evacuated today
because of structural damage, said spokeswoman Trish Bartel. About 150 patients
were being taken out of the facility and the emergency room was closed, she
said.

Late Wednesday night, officials closed the main street connecting the Burbank
studio district -- home to the Walt Disney Co. and NBC -- with Universal
Studios, Warner Bros. and Hollywood. The Olive Avenue bridge was shut down after
a crack in the asphalt was detected.

On Wednesday, Clinton surveyed the damage across the still-shaking city and said
at least 11 disaster assistance centers are scheduled to open today, offering
one-stop assistance from several government agencies and possibly insurance
companies.

The president arrived from Washington announcing millions in aid for a
gargantuan rebuilding job that Gov. Pete Wilson earlier estimated could match
Hurricane Andrew's $30 billion, the costliest natural disaster in U.S. history.
In a reassuring pledge, Clinton said, "We have no intention -- none -- of
letting this be a short-term thing. We will stay with you until it's finished."
50 dead

The death toll from Monday's 6.6 quake has climbed to 50, including the
discovery of two more bodies in crumbled homes and the death of a physician
killed in traffic accident.

By contrast, the 1989 Loma Prieta earthquake in Northern California caused
nearly $6 billion in damage and killed 63 people, including 43 in the collapse
of the elevated Cypress Street section of the Nimitz Freeway in Oakland.

It wasn't clear whether the president -- who shook his head in amazement at
roadbeds snapped like popsicle sticks and the rubble of buildings -- felt a
5.1-magnitude aftershock that occurred during his tour. But his response to the
rumblings of local leaders at the town hall in nearby Burbank was emphatic:

"This is a national problem, and we have a national responsibility," Clinton
told the group of local, state and federal officials.

Meanwhile, victims continued the wearying road to recovery, often immobilized by
broken highways and flooded phone lines.

Thousands of commuters rose hours before dawn to get an early jump on their
morning drive. They succeeded in a way: they were the first to be stuck in
traffic.

Delays through the troubled Newhall Pass approached three hours. One person on
roller skates was moving twice as fast as automobile traffic.

Thousands lack power

Some 40,000 San Fernando Valley residents remained without water, and thousands
of others were asked to boil possibly contaminated water. Workers repaired one
of the aqueducts that carry water to the valley's 2.5 million residents, but the
water still had to be treated, and service pipelines still leaked.

About 35,000 customers still lacked natural gas; 40,000 households and
businesses were without water; and 52,000 lacked electricity today.

Police Chief Willie Williams said a dusk-to-dawn curfew would remain in effect
for the rest of the week. He said it had contributed to an 80 percent drop in
crime.

The president and his "A-plus" team of federal officials unveiled a wide array
of plans, some of them precedent-setting, aimed at bringing the region quick,
prolonged and thorough relief. Among them:

* Small Business Administration low-interest loans totaling $240 million. *
About $45 million from the Department of Transportation to clear the rubble of
the crippled freeways.

* Assistance in getting Congress to approve emergency supplemental funds to help
speed recovery.

* Additional train cars to handle new riders who otherwise can't get to work.

* Shipment of 1 million gallons of water a day for the tens of thousands of
residents still without water service. By Wednesday afternoon, more than 90
percent of the city's 700,000 Department of Water and Power customers had had
their electricity restored, but 40,000 still lacked water.

* Distribution, for the first time, of vouchers for federally subsidized
low-income housing to quake victims by the Department of Housing and Urban
Development. HUD also may restructure the vouchers to extend them to as many as
10,000 residents.

* Acceleration of Community Development Block Grants already earmarked for the
region, and a policy change making hard-hit areas eligible for the funds. Later,
Congress would be asked to appropriate more money for the areas originally
targeted to receive the block grant money.

New difficulties

As Clinton spoke -- praising Californians for their resilience "against all
odds" -- victims grappled with their new realities.

Vilma Chotenevsky, 40, wept and shook uncontrollably outside a Red Cross shelter
at Granada Hills High School. She and her family had just been allowed inside
their condemned apartment building for a five-minute, grab-what-you-
can-of-your-life-and-run session, when another aftershock hit.

"That's it. I can't take it anymore," she told her husband as she wiped tears
from her eyes. "I'm going to Oregon. You do whatever you want. I never want to
see this place again. It won't stop moving."

In another part of town, Wendy Shapiro lamented the overwhelming bureaucracy
that stood between residents and any approximation of heading toward normal
life.

"We've got no water and we've got no gas and the power is really iffy," Shapiro
said. "The walls are full of cracks, the ground keeps shaking, I can't decide
whether this place is safe or not and I can't begin to figure out how to find a
building inspector. So we're sleeping in the motor home in the driveway until we
do."

In the city of San Fernando, a steady stream of people flowed to a Kmart that
was closed but was offering gallon jugs of water to anyone who asked. "A lot of
my employees are in the same position as our customers," manager Carter Waddams
said.

As emergency efforts continued, people at some shelters complained of long waits
for the basics.

"Bill Clinton is right up the street," one man grumbled as he waited for lunch
that officials said would be too little -- 40 servings for 150 people -- an hour
late.

Red Cross officials said they were not aware of serious delays. But with 25
shelters and the transportation disruptions, "you can imagine the logistical
nightmares," said representative Barbara Wilks. "We don't know whether five
people are going to stay there, or 500 people."

News that FEMA's disaster assistance centers were scheduled to open today --
offering emergency housing, financial assistance for housing and family grants
of up to $12,200 -- was welcome news throughout the region. A toll-free
telephone number has been overwhelmed with up to 3,000 calls an hour, a
representative said.

FEMA's generous gesture

To ease the burdens of many victims, the agency will allow those who have
entered the country illegally to apply for assistance. People need only show a
utility receipt or driver's license as proof of residency, representative Terry
Hamlin said.

And the voices of cities and neighborhoods that feel forgotten in the
devastation also made themselves heard:

Poor 'wiped out'

"A lot of very poor people who were in substandard housing to begin with were
wiped out Monday," said Jackie Goldberg, a Los Angeles councilwoman who
represents the Hollywood area. Without parks, Goldberg said, the new homeless
are camping out in parking lots of the once-golden neighborhood.

A Ventura County official, meanwhile, welcomed news that his area had been added
to the federal disaster list for aid because of damage to Fillmore's business
district.

Teresa Telesz, 27, a new resident of the Sylmar shelter, had a personal message
for the president: "Can he get us a shower? We're all getting a little ripe out
here."

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: The L.A. QUAKE
Mercury News Staff Writers Cathie Calvert, Rodney Foo and Brandon Bailey
contributed to this report.

GRAPHIC: Photos (2);
PHOTO: ASSOCIATED PRESS
In Canoga Park, as in Northridge, this apartment complex shifted, collapsing
onto a row of cars. President Clinton toured some of the damaged areas
Wednesday.
940120 FR 19A PF 1
PHOTO: ASSOCIATED PRESS
A Department of Transportation worker talks to President Clinton during his tour
in San Fernando Valley. At left is Sen. Barbara Boxer.
940120 FR 19A PF 2

                     Copyright 1994 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              872 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Fiji Times (Australia)

                            March 20, 2010 Saturday
                                   1 Edition

Briefs

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 492 words


Local News in Brief

+++Three deaths

THE death toll from Hurricane Tomas has increased to three, after DISMAC
confirmed reports of a Rabi Islander who died when a tree fell on his house.
This was confirmed by DISMAC operations officer Anthony Blake who said the tree
fell on the man's house at the height of the hurricane. "So the death toll is
three, we hope this does not rise any further but this all depends on how the
assessments go with our ground teams."

+++$1m requisition

A REQUISITION of $1million was for immediate food rations for the Northern and
Eastern divisions. Permanent secretary for Provincial Development and
Multi-Ethnic Affairs, Sugar and Natural Disaster Manasa Vaniqi said this enabled
them to issue food relief through the Divisional Northern and Eastern
Commissioners and make their work easier to conduct ground surveys more
effectively. He said the emergency food rations would be particularly for the
Northern and Eastern groups - Lau and Lomaiviti and also for Kadavu. Naval ships
have transported $22,000 worth of food rations for the Eastern and $50,000 for
the Northern divisions.

+++Emergency kits

UNITED Nations Children's Fund Pacific sent 15 emergency health kits to the
Northern and Eastern divisions for use and further distribution to those most
affected by Hurricane Tomas. Each emergency health kit can be used for 1000
people and contains medical supplies such as dressing trays, forceps,
antibiotics, as well as oral rehydration salts.

+++Water aid

UNICEF is sending 2000 (10-litre) collapsible containers, communication material
explaining how to purify water and soap to the affected areas. Other supplies
such as tents for temporary school shelters are ready to be dispatched if
requested. People are advised against drinking grog in areas where there is no
proper water supply. Health Ministry spokesman Iliesa Tora said the community's
water supply may be contaminated.

+++Aircraft flies back

THE Australian Defence Force Hercules C-130 aircraft returned to Australia
yesterday after delivering relief supplies and completing aerial surveys of the
Lomaiviti and Lau groups. On board yesterday's four-hour flight were the acting
Australian High Commissioner Sarah Roberts, representatives of AusAID, Fiji Red
Cross, UNICEF, New Zealand High Commission, and a large government contingent.
Some of the Australian-supplied emergency relief supplies which arrived aboard
the aircraft on Wednesday were delivered to the Northern Division while the
remainder will be shipped to the Lomaiviti and Lau groups today.

+++School grants

SCHOOLS affected by Hurricane Tomas will have their grants released by next week
to assist in their rehabilitation. The Education Ministry said while awaiting
confirmed numbers, it was prepared to disburse tuition and boarding grants for
these schools. The ministry is targeting boarding schools that were affected
because the schools' plantations and farms would have been severely damaged.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FIJ


                   Copyright 2010 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              873 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                           October 28, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: Three Years after Sandy: FEMA Funding for Recovery in New Jersey
Exceeds $6.8 Billion

LENGTH: 467  words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Federal Emergency Management Agency has issued the following
news release:



 In the three years since Hurricane Sandy scored a direct hit on New Jersey, the
Federal Emergency Management Agency has been actively engaged in the recovery
effort, providing $6.8 billion to date to help the state recover and rebuild.





 This money has helped to restore critical facilities, clear debris, replace
boardwalks along the Jersey Shore, rebuild public infrastructure, and reimburse
municipalities throughout the state for the enormous costs of clearing debris
and restoring public safety in the immediate aftermath of the storm.



 FEMA&rsquo;s National flood Insurance program has paid out more than $3.5
billion in claims to flood insurance policyholders whose homes were damaged or
destroyed by the storm. Through FEMA&rsquo;s Individuals and Households Program
(IHP), the agency approved $422.9 million in payments to Sandy survivors.



 FEMA Public Assistance, which provides funds for repair and rebuilding of
infrastructure and public facilities as well as necessary work such as debris
removal and emergency response, has obligated $1.809 billion in Public
Assistance funds towards repair and rebuilding projects in New Jersey.



 As the work of rebuilding continues, FEMA is helping to strengthen the
state&rsquo;s capacity to withstand a future disaster. Thirty-nine percent of
all Public Assistance (PA) projects have accompanying mitigation projects. FEMA
is funding projects that protect vulnerable facilities from inundation by storm
waters, raise homes above the flood plain and convert neighborhoods that have
experienced repeated and devastating flooding to public, open space. Eighty-six
percent of all New Jersey PA projects over a half-million dollars have a
mitigation component.



 To date, the FEMA&rsquo;s Hazard Mitigation Grant Program has obligated
$258,456,164 million for a series of mitigation measures that includes voluntary
property acquisitions in communities subject to repetitive flooding, energy
allocation, retail fuel, infrastructure, home elevations and planning projects,
including $30.9 million for home elevations in flood-prone areas and $9.7
million for the Retail Fuel Station Program. The RFS is a voluntary grant
program designed to enhance the operational resiliency of retail fuel stations
statewide by funding the installation of back-up generators capable of operating
fuel pumps when power outages occur.



 FEMA's mission is to support our citizens and first responders to ensure that
as a nation we work together to build, sustain, and improve our capability to
prepare for, protect against, respond to, recover from, and mitigate all
hazards.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              874 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 5, 2015 Monday

Washington: Remarks on the Humanitarian Situation in Iraq

LENGTH: 957 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: U.S Department of State Diplomacy in Action has issued the
following news release:



 Today we face a rapidly growing crisis of displacement in Iraq that calls on
all of us to do more.



 Since January 2014, nearly 3.2 million Iraqis have been displaced over more
than 3,500 locations across the country. Humanitarian agencies are facing
growing challenges in providing relief. As the front lines of the conflict have
shifted, many families have been forced to move multiple times, making it far
harder to locate them. Others remain displaced in extremely unsafe areas that
are not easily accessed for relief.





 And the outlook is not improving. As forces aligned with the Government of Iraq
fight to retake areas controlled by ISIL, the humanitarian and displacement
crisis in Iraq is expected to worsen even further.



 In June, the UN issued a revised appeal, or Humanitarian Response Plan (HRP).
It predicted that the number of Iraqis in need would rise from an estimated 8.2
to 10 million by the end of the year and called for $498 million to cover
humanitarian needs in Iraq through December 2015.



 While the humanitarian needs in Iraq remain staggering, this appeal was far
less than the $2.2 billion requested from October 2014 - December 2015. That is
because it prioritized projects to include only those considered immediate
&ldquo;life-saving&rdquo; activities.



 Yet even this bare bones appeal to fund life-saving activities has only been
funded at 39 percent. The United States is extremely concerned about this meager
response.



 Because of insufficient funds, critical humanitarian programs have and will
shut down.



 This past May, food rations for over a million people living outside IDP camps
were halved, and the World Food Program was forced to drastically scale back
their monthly assistance to displaced and conflict-affected people. While it
originally aimed to assist 2.2 million people per month in Iraq, it can now only
aid 1.5 million.



 At the end of July, more than 180 of 220 front-line health facilities shut down
because of insufficient funds. As a result, more than 500,000 children will not
be vaccinated - increasing their risk of contracting measles and other
potentially fatal diseases.



 At the end of October, some 50 percent of shelter and relief item distribution
programs will scale back. As a result, nearly 300,000 newly displaced Iraqis may
not receive emergency shelter, and many will be forced to live in the open as
winter approaches.



 By November 2015, More than 90 percent of education programs for IDP youth will
close by November 2015, forcing 420,000 displaced children out of school. An
estimated 85 percent of water and sanitation programs will also close, leaving
1.8 million IDPs - including 900,000 children - without access to safe and
sufficient drinking water and sanitation.



 We simply cannot let this happen.



 The United States will do its part by contributing an additional $56 million in
humanitarian assistance for Iraqis in the region. This funding aims to provide
millions of Iraqi civilians affected by the conflict - including 3.2 million
internally displaced persons and 370,000 refugees with critically needed relief
like food, clean water, health care, psychosocial services, child protection,
legal aid, shelter, livelihood support, education, and logistics.



 With this new funding, the United States will have contributed nearly $534
million to address the needs of vulnerable Iraqis since the start of Fiscal Year
2014. In keeping with humanitarian principles, our aid is needs-based,
independent, neutral, impartial, and universal. In addition to our humanitarian
assistance, we have resettled more than 125,000 Iraqi refugees in the United
States since 2007.



 Even with our new contribution, however, funding shortfalls will continue to
constrain humanitarian responses to existing and new emergency needs in Iraq,
including the recent outbreak of cholera in the country - an illness that can be
prevented with adequate water, sanitation, and hygiene but has claimed at least
six lives over the past two weeks. There are more than 1,200 probable cases, and
that is likely just the tip of the iceberg.



 Another concern is the limited freedom of movement many Iraqi IDPs face while
fleeing conflict. Many cannot reach their desired destination, experience delays
at multiple checkpoints, often for weeks at a time, have their identification
confiscated, or face difficulty registering for government assistance. Civilians
must be allowed to flee to safer areas.



 Additionally, in some cases displaced civilians have been forced to return
before it was safe to do so, while others have been prevented from doing so
entirely. People should return home voluntarily in safety and dignity.



 While the Government of Iraq (GOI) and the Kurdistan Regional Government are
taking steps to provide for the 3.2 million IDPs and the 250,000 Syrian refugees
in Iraq, the scope of the challenge demands more support from the international
community.



 The GOI is supplying food rations through its Public Distribution System where
possible. It has also registered 600,000 IDP families and will provide cash
grants to the overwhelming majority of them. The dramatic drop in oil prices and
ongoing cost of fighting ISIL has left the GOI with fewer means to address this
crisis on its own. Greater support is needed from the international community.



 Though we applaud contributions by other donors, more must be provided now.
With that in mind, I encourage everyone here to meet this challenge with
concrete contributions to aid millions of Iraqis in desperate need.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              875 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                            August 25, 2015, Tuesday

STATE Briefs

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P10A

LENGTH: 1311 words


Part of Virginia Street to close temporarily

The right lane of Virginia Street in front of the Kanawha County Courthouse will
be closed at the end of this week and beginning of next week to give taxpayers
easier access to the Kanawha County Sheriff's Office tax division.

Kanawha County Sheriff's Office Sgt. Brian Humphreys says in a release that
because Sept. 1 is the deadline for discounted first-half of the year tax
collections, the tax division's courthouse office, located at 409 Virginia St.
E., sees in an increase in taxpayers at its counters this time of year.

The right lane will be available for short-term parking for those paying taxes
on Thursday and Friday, as well as Monday, Aug. 31, and Tuesday, Sept. 1. It
will be closed to traffic from 9:30 a.m. until 3:30 p.m. Only the block between
Goshorn and Court streets will be closed.

A deputy sheriff will be on hand to monitor parking and keep the lane clear of
traffic.

"We recognize the limitations of short-term parking close to the Kanawha County
Courthouse, and hope this helps tax-payers more efficiently conduct their
business," Humphreys said in the release. "Kanawha County also has a parking
garage accessible on Goshorn Street between Virginia and Quarrier Streets for
those who anticipate needing more time."

State receives funds foe expanding exports

A federal grant could soon be helping West Virginia businesses expand exports.

Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin announced Monday that the state had received a $200,000
grant from the U.S. Small Business Administration to help expand export markets
for state businesses.

The grant is part of the federal State Trade and Export program and will be put
toward the West Virginia Development Office's new First STEP-Next STEP program.

"When West Virginia businesses enter markets around the world, they help foster
trade opportunities, support job growth and diversify our economy here at home,
Tomblin said. "For years, our state's exporters have demonstrated that local
operations can make an impact not only in our communities and our state, but
around the globe. It is my hope this grant program will not only support our
state's current exporters, but also those interested in entering the export
market for the first time.

The grants under the program will run from October 2015 to September 2016, and
will be given to qualifying small businesses to help them offset the costs of
participating in international trade shows and conferences, including the 2016
Mine Expo International.

All of these efforts supplement the Development Office's International Division,
which had led trade missions to other countries including Japan and China.

Three fire departments gets grants for safety

Three West Virginia fire departments have been awarded federal grants to improve
safety and fire prevention operations.

The Federal Emergency Management Agency's Assistance to Firefighters Grant
Program awarded $149,500 to the Moorefield Volunteer Fire Department and $36,273
to the South Berkeley Volunteer Fire and Rescue Squad.

The Clintonville Volunteer Fire Department will receive $32,000 from FEMA's Fire
Prevention and Safety Program.

U.S. Sens. Joe Manchin and Shelley Moore Capito announced the funding in a news
release.

Public meeting to address water quality

West Virginia's water quality standards will be discussed during a public
meeting this week.

Suggestions for criteria changes and additions will be accepted by Department of
Environmental Protection staff at the Water Quality Standards Program's
quarterly meeting on Tuesday.

The agenda also includes a discussion of proposed changes to selenium and
aluminum criteria. The Office of Special Reclamation also will answer questions
about planned remediation measures for the Martin Creek and Sandy Creek
watersheds of Preston and Barbour counties.

The meeting will be held from 2 p.m. to 4 p.m. Tuesday at the DEP's headquarters
in Charleston.

Feds hold meeting on coal dust rule

BEAVER - Federal regulators are holding a stakeholders meeting in Raleigh County
on a new coal dust rule. The outreach meeting for the mining industry is
scheduled for 9 a.m. today at the National Mine Health and Safety Academy in
Beaver. The rule went into effect in August 2014. The U.S. Mine Safety and
Health Administration says the rule is part of the Labor Department's effort to
end black lung disease caused by prolonged exposure to coal mine dust.

By Feb. 1, 2016, continuous personal dust monitors must be used to monitor
occupations exposed to the highest concentrations and all miners with evidence
of black lung. Increased sampling frequency provisions are to go into effect at
the same time.

Martinsburg debates hunting on Sundays

MARTINSBURG - Berkeley County voters will decide next year whether to allow
hunting on Sunday on private land in the county.

Multiple media outlets report that the Berkeley County Council voted last week
to put the issue on the November 2016 general election ballot.

A 2001 state law allows each county to decide whether to allow hunting on
Sunday. Berkeley County voters rejected the proposal in 2002.

Sunday hunting currently is allowed in 21 counties and prohibited in 34
counties.

Authorities lift water conservation ban

WHEELING - Residents and businesses in Ohio County and Wheeling can resume
normal water usage following the dissipation of algae in the Ohio River.

Authorities on Sunday lifted a water conservation order issued last week.

The Intelligencer and Wheeling News-Register reports that the order was prompted
by high levels of blue-green algae near the Wheeling water system's river
intakes. The city closed the intakes and used water from wells until the algae
dissipated.

Water department superintendent David Nickerson tells the newspaper that no
algae have been detected in river water coming through the intakes. But he says
local officials will continue monitoring for the presence of algae in the water.

Residents are advised to use caution when swimming or engaging in other
recreational activities in the river.

City conducts online survey

BLUEFIELD - Bluefield officials are asking citizens to weigh in on the city's
planning for community and economic growth.

The city Board of Directors is conducting an online survey to gather citizens'
input. Survey questions include what types of businesses the city should attract
and what opportunities are seen for the city.

Community and economic development coordinator Jim Spencer tells the Bluefield
Daily Telegraph that citizen input is vital to the planning process.

Spencer says any citizen who doesn't have Internet access can contact him at
City Hall. Arrangements will be made to mail or deliver the survey to the
citizen.

He says the board would like to have the surveys completed by early September.

SA man faces charges in robbery, sex assault

A St. Albans man is facing several charges after allegedly sexually assaulting
another man and trying to rob him in Charleston.

Robert Eugene Pannell, 53, of St. Albans, is charged with kidnapping, first
degree sexual assault and first degree robbery, according to criminal complaints
filed in Kanawha Magistrate Court.

Pannell allegedly threatened the man with a box cutter and told the victim to
withdraw money from the SunTrust Bank ATM and give it to him. The incident
happened "on or about" on Thursday, according to criminal complaints.

When the victim couldn't get money out of the machine, Pannell allegedly grabbed
him by the wrist and pulled him across the street to an exterior stairwell
attached to St. Marks Methodist Church on Washington Street.

The victim told police he was forced to perform oral sex and intercourse as the
box cutter was pressed to his throat.

Video surveillance was also used as evidence, according to the complaint.

A warrant for Pannell's arrest was issued on Friday. He was booked into South
Central Regional Jail on Saturday.

- FROM STAFF, WIRE REPORTS

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Charleston Newspapers


                              876 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                            August 25, 2015, Tuesday

STATE Briefs

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P10A

LENGTH: 1311 words


Part of Virginia Street to close temporarily

The right lane of Virginia Street in front of the Kanawha County Courthouse will
be closed at the end of this week and beginning of next week to give taxpayers
easier access to the Kanawha County Sheriff's Office tax division.

Kanawha County Sheriff's Office Sgt. Brian Humphreys says in a release that
because Sept. 1 is the deadline for discounted first-half of the year tax
collections, the tax division's courthouse office, located at 409 Virginia St.
E., sees in an increase in taxpayers at its counters this time of year.

The right lane will be available for short-term parking for those paying taxes
on Thursday and Friday, as well as Monday, Aug. 31, and Tuesday, Sept. 1. It
will be closed to traffic from 9:30 a.m. until 3:30 p.m. Only the block between
Goshorn and Court streets will be closed.

A deputy sheriff will be on hand to monitor parking and keep the lane clear of
traffic.

"We recognize the limitations of short-term parking close to the Kanawha County
Courthouse, and hope this helps tax-payers more efficiently conduct their
business," Humphreys said in the release. "Kanawha County also has a parking
garage accessible on Goshorn Street between Virginia and Quarrier Streets for
those who anticipate needing more time."

State receives funds foe expanding exports

A federal grant could soon be helping West Virginia businesses expand exports.

Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin announced Monday that the state had received a $200,000
grant from the U.S. Small Business Administration to help expand export markets
for state businesses.

The grant is part of the federal State Trade and Export program and will be put
toward the West Virginia Development Office's new First STEP-Next STEP program.

"When West Virginia businesses enter markets around the world, they help foster
trade opportunities, support job growth and diversify our economy here at home,
Tomblin said. "For years, our state's exporters have demonstrated that local
operations can make an impact not only in our communities and our state, but
around the globe. It is my hope this grant program will not only support our
state's current exporters, but also those interested in entering the export
market for the first time.

The grants under the program will run from October 2015 to September 2016, and
will be given to qualifying small businesses to help them offset the costs of
participating in international trade shows and conferences, including the 2016
Mine Expo International.

All of these efforts supplement the Development Office's International Division,
which had led trade missions to other countries including Japan and China.

Three fire departments gets grants for safety

Three West Virginia fire departments have been awarded federal grants to improve
safety and fire prevention operations.

The Federal Emergency Management Agency's Assistance to Firefighters Grant
Program awarded $149,500 to the Moorefield Volunteer Fire Department and $36,273
to the South Berkeley Volunteer Fire and Rescue Squad.

The Clintonville Volunteer Fire Department will receive $32,000 from FEMA's Fire
Prevention and Safety Program.

U.S. Sens. Joe Manchin and Shelley Moore Capito announced the funding in a news
release.

Public meeting to address water quality

West Virginia's water quality standards will be discussed during a public
meeting this week.

Suggestions for criteria changes and additions will be accepted by Department of
Environmental Protection staff at the Water Quality Standards Program's
quarterly meeting on Tuesday.

The agenda also includes a discussion of proposed changes to selenium and
aluminum criteria. The Office of Special Reclamation also will answer questions
about planned remediation measures for the Martin Creek and Sandy Creek
watersheds of Preston and Barbour counties.

The meeting will be held from 2 p.m. to 4 p.m. Tuesday at the DEP's headquarters
in Charleston.

Feds hold meeting on coal dust rule

BEAVER - Federal regulators are holding a stakeholders meeting in Raleigh County
on a new coal dust rule. The outreach meeting for the mining industry is
scheduled for 9 a.m. today at the National Mine Health and Safety Academy in
Beaver. The rule went into effect in August 2014. The U.S. Mine Safety and
Health Administration says the rule is part of the Labor Department's effort to
end black lung disease caused by prolonged exposure to coal mine dust.

By Feb. 1, 2016, continuous personal dust monitors must be used to monitor
occupations exposed to the highest concentrations and all miners with evidence
of black lung. Increased sampling frequency provisions are to go into effect at
the same time.

Martinsburg debates hunting on Sundays

MARTINSBURG - Berkeley County voters will decide next year whether to allow
hunting on Sunday on private land in the county.

Multiple media outlets report that the Berkeley County Council voted last week
to put the issue on the November 2016 general election ballot.

A 2001 state law allows each county to decide whether to allow hunting on
Sunday. Berkeley County voters rejected the proposal in 2002.

Sunday hunting currently is allowed in 21 counties and prohibited in 34
counties.

Authorities lift water conservation ban

WHEELING - Residents and businesses in Ohio County and Wheeling can resume
normal water usage following the dissipation of algae in the Ohio River.

Authorities on Sunday lifted a water conservation order issued last week.

The Intelligencer and Wheeling News-Register reports that the order was prompted
by high levels of blue-green algae near the Wheeling water system's river
intakes. The city closed the intakes and used water from wells until the algae
dissipated.

Water department superintendent David Nickerson tells the newspaper that no
algae have been detected in river water coming through the intakes. But he says
local officials will continue monitoring for the presence of algae in the water.

Residents are advised to use caution when swimming or engaging in other
recreational activities in the river.

City conducts online survey

BLUEFIELD - Bluefield officials are asking citizens to weigh in on the city's
planning for community and economic growth.

The city Board of Directors is conducting an online survey to gather citizens'
input. Survey questions include what types of businesses the city should attract
and what opportunities are seen for the city.

Community and economic development coordinator Jim Spencer tells the Bluefield
Daily Telegraph that citizen input is vital to the planning process.

Spencer says any citizen who doesn't have Internet access can contact him at
City Hall. Arrangements will be made to mail or deliver the survey to the
citizen.

He says the board would like to have the surveys completed by early September.

SA man faces charges in robbery, sex assault

A St. Albans man is facing several charges after allegedly sexually assaulting
another man and trying to rob him in Charleston.

Robert Eugene Pannell, 53, of St. Albans, is charged with kidnapping, first
degree sexual assault and first degree robbery, according to criminal complaints
filed in Kanawha Magistrate Court.

Pannell allegedly threatened the man with a box cutter and told the victim to
withdraw money from the SunTrust Bank ATM and give it to him. The incident
happened "on or about" on Thursday, according to criminal complaints.

When the victim couldn't get money out of the machine, Pannell allegedly grabbed
him by the wrist and pulled him across the street to an exterior stairwell
attached to St. Marks Methodist Church on Washington Street.

The victim told police he was forced to perform oral sex and intercourse as the
box cutter was pressed to his throat.

Video surveillance was also used as evidence, according to the complaint.

A warrant for Pannell's arrest was issued on Friday. He was booked into South
Central Regional Jail on Saturday.

- FROM STAFF, WIRE REPORTS

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Charleston Newspapers


                              877 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 12, 2015 Thursday

New Mexico: Services

LENGTH: 811  words

DATELINE: Santa Fe


City of Rio Rancho has issued the following news release:

In this section you will find information pertaining to the following:

ADA
Title II of the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) prohibits discrimination
against qualified individuals with disabilities by public entities in the
operation of all services and programs offered by the entity. Learn more about
the city's policies.

Abandoned Residential Property Registration
Learn more about this requirement and obtain/submit registration.

Alarm Registration
The city of Rio Rancho has an alarm ordinance and requires those with alarm
systems on an annual basis to register them and pay a fee.

Ambulance Service
The city of Rio Rancho provides emergency medical service (EMS) which includes
basic life support, advanced life support and ambulance services. Billing for
these services is administered by the city's Financial Services Department.

Animal Control
In this section you will find information about the city's Animal Control
Services.

Code Enforcement
This division of city government enforces city ordinances and codes for control
of sanitation, weeds, buildings, zoning, nuisances, and property maintenance.

Community Development Block Grant
The Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) is an entitlement program that is
administered through the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD).

Development/Building Related
Obtain more information about building permits/inspections and city zoning.

Education
Learn more about primary/secondary and higher education opportunities in Rio
Rancho.

Electric Service
PNM provides electric service in the city of Rio Rancho.

Emergency Safety Programs
In this section you will find information about Emergency Management Programs in
Rio Rancho.

Fair Housing
In this section you will find information related to Fair Housing information
and rights.

Fire and Emergency Medical Services
Learn more about Fire and Emergency Medical Services the city provides.

Forms and Permits
This page will give a listing of a variety of forms and permits and their fees.

Gas Service
New Mexico Gas Company provides natural gas service in the city of Rio Rancho.

Graffiti Removal
Learn more about reporting graffiti to the city, who is responsible for removal
in certain instances, and penalties for graffiti on land and structures.

Health Care/Hospitals
Learn more about the two hospitals located in Rio Rancho.

Keep Rio Rancho Beautiful
In this section you fill find information about the city's beautification and
recycling programs.

Library and Information Services
Learn more about the city's public libraries and the services they offer.

Maps
View different maps of city information and places.

Motor Vehicle Division (MVD)
This section provides information on drivers' licenses, motor vehicle
registrations, title transfers and more.

Neighborhood Associations
In this section residents can find information regarding area Neighborhood
Associations.

Other Government Offices
Learn more about county, state, and federal government representation and
surrounding communities.

Parks, Recreation and Community Services
Learn more about city parks and recreation programs and facilities.

Police
Learn more about the city's Police Department.

Postal
Learn more about United States Postal Services in Rio Rancho.

Public Transportation
Learn more about public transportation options that service the city and area.

Recycling Center
Learn more about the city/county recycling center.

Rio Vision Community Access TV
In this section you will find information about community television and public
access channels for Rio Rancho's residents.

Schedule of Fees
View the city's up-to-date schedule of fees.

Senior Services
In this section residents can find information regarding the various programs
and classes for senior citizens.

Social Security Field Office
A Social Security Administration field office is located in Rio Rancho at 4433
Jager Drive NE.

Streets and Rights of Way Division
This division is responsible for street repair, weed and litter pickup, drainage
maintenance, street grading and sweeping, and sign installation and maintenance.

Traffic Signals and Street Lights
For more information or to make an inquiry or report about city traffic signals
and/or streets lights, visit the city's traffic section.

Trash Collection
Waste Management provides this service in the city of Rio Rancho.

Water Conservation
Learn more about the city's environmental programs including water conservation,
watering restrictions, fixing water leaks, education and outreach programs, and
rebates.

Water/Sewer Services and Billing
In this section you will find information related to water and sewer services.

Veterans Services
In this section you will find information about veterans-related offices and
services located in Rio Rancho.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              878 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 12, 2015 Thursday

New Mexico: Services

LENGTH: 811  words

DATELINE: Santa Fe


City of Rio Rancho has issued the following news release:

In this section you will find information pertaining to the following:

ADA
Title II of the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) prohibits discrimination
against qualified individuals with disabilities by public entities in the
operation of all services and programs offered by the entity. Learn more about
the city's policies.

Abandoned Residential Property Registration
Learn more about this requirement and obtain/submit registration.

Alarm Registration
The city of Rio Rancho has an alarm ordinance and requires those with alarm
systems on an annual basis to register them and pay a fee.

Ambulance Service
The city of Rio Rancho provides emergency medical service (EMS) which includes
basic life support, advanced life support and ambulance services. Billing for
these services is administered by the city's Financial Services Department.

Animal Control
In this section you will find information about the city's Animal Control
Services.

Code Enforcement
This division of city government enforces city ordinances and codes for control
of sanitation, weeds, buildings, zoning, nuisances, and property maintenance.

Community Development Block Grant
The Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) is an entitlement program that is
administered through the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD).

Development/Building Related
Obtain more information about building permits/inspections and city zoning.

Education
Learn more about primary/secondary and higher education opportunities in Rio
Rancho.

Electric Service
PNM provides electric service in the city of Rio Rancho.

Emergency Safety Programs
In this section you will find information about Emergency Management Programs in
Rio Rancho.

Fair Housing
In this section you will find information related to Fair Housing information
and rights.

Fire and Emergency Medical Services
Learn more about Fire and Emergency Medical Services the city provides.

Forms and Permits
This page will give a listing of a variety of forms and permits and their fees.

Gas Service
New Mexico Gas Company provides natural gas service in the city of Rio Rancho.

Graffiti Removal
Learn more about reporting graffiti to the city, who is responsible for removal
in certain instances, and penalties for graffiti on land and structures.

Health Care/Hospitals
Learn more about the two hospitals located in Rio Rancho.

Keep Rio Rancho Beautiful
In this section you fill find information about the city's beautification and
recycling programs.

Library and Information Services
Learn more about the city's public libraries and the services they offer.

Maps
View different maps of city information and places.

Motor Vehicle Division (MVD)
This section provides information on drivers' licenses, motor vehicle
registrations, title transfers and more.

Neighborhood Associations
In this section residents can find information regarding area Neighborhood
Associations.

Other Government Offices
Learn more about county, state, and federal government representation and
surrounding communities.

Parks, Recreation and Community Services
Learn more about city parks and recreation programs and facilities.

Police
Learn more about the city's Police Department.

Postal
Learn more about United States Postal Services in Rio Rancho.

Public Transportation
Learn more about public transportation options that service the city and area.

Recycling Center
Learn more about the city/county recycling center.

Rio Vision Community Access TV
In this section you will find information about community television and public
access channels for Rio Rancho's residents.

Schedule of Fees
View the city's up-to-date schedule of fees.

Senior Services
In this section residents can find information regarding the various programs
and classes for senior citizens.

Social Security Field Office
A Social Security Administration field office is located in Rio Rancho at 4433
Jager Drive NE.

Streets and Rights of Way Division
This division is responsible for street repair, weed and litter pickup, drainage
maintenance, street grading and sweeping, and sign installation and maintenance.

Traffic Signals and Street Lights
For more information or to make an inquiry or report about city traffic signals
and/or streets lights, visit the city's traffic section.

Trash Collection
Waste Management provides this service in the city of Rio Rancho.

Water Conservation
Learn more about the city's environmental programs including water conservation,
watering restrictions, fixing water leaks, education and outreach programs, and
rebates.

Water/Sewer Services and Billing
In this section you will find information related to water and sewer services.

Veterans Services
In this section you will find information about veterans-related offices and
services located in Rio Rancho.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              879 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           January 16, 2014, Thursday

House panel OKs aid bill for small businesses

BYLINE: Eric Eyre and Caitlin Cook, Staff writers

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1C

LENGTH: 807 words


A House committee on Wednesday gave quick approval to legislation designed to
provide financial relief to small businesses in West Virginia that lost income
after last week's chemical spill.

Meanwhile, area organizations want to help Charleston businesses bounce back
after being forced to close.

"About a day into the chemical leak we realized it was going to have a pretty
heavy economic impact in our community," said East End Main Street Director Ric
Cavender. "It's just reminding people that our local businesses and workers have
been suffering through this."

The House bill that advanced Wednesday is the first taken up by a legislative
committee that addresses the fallout from the spill and "do not use" water
order.

"This bill gives a suggested roadmap for recovery for these businesses," said
Delegate Doug Skaff, D-Kanawha, who heads the House Committee on Small Business,
Entrepreneurship and Economic Development.

The bill (HB4175) suggests that small businesses could apply for grants, or low-
and no-interest loans. Businesses also might be able to defer payment of payroll
taxes and consumer sales tax collections to the state.

The bill stipulates that "only the most vulnerable of businesses should be
eligible" for state-funded financial assistance.

The legislation directs the governor and Division of Homeland Security to set up
emergency rules for helping small businesses. The bill doesn't define "small
business" - what size of company would qualify. Nor does the legislation set a
monetary cap on financial relief, or say how the program would be funded.

"This bill doesn't go into specifics," Skaff said. "It allows those agencies
that deal with these things to develop those parameters. We leave it up to them
how they want to administer it."

Skaff said most businesses' insurance plans don't cover income losses caused by
disasters. He said restaurants and hair salons - businesses that use a lot of
water - were especially hard hit by the water crisis.

"The business owners ... are struggling," Skaff said. "You take one weekend out
of a month, and it's a huge hit."

Skaff is co-owner of the Vandalia Grille in downtown Charleston, which has filed
a lawsuit against Freedom Industries, the company where the chemical leaked, and
West Virginia American Water.

Secretary of State Natalie Tennant promised an expedited review of the emergency
rules, if the bill passes. Tennant said she already has fielded calls from small
business owners asking about emergency loans.

"I'm with you, hand in hand, to get this evaluated as quickly as possible,"
Tennant told lawmakers at Wednesday's committee meeting.

If passed and signed by the governor, the legislation would take effect
immediately.

"There's a lot of need out there," said Delegate Bob Ashley, R-Roane. "People
have suffered."

House Speaker Tim Miley, who established the small business committee last year,
said the bill was designed to help businesses forced to close during the state
of emergency. The legislation is expected to sail through the House.

"A lot of small businesses during certain times of the year will have cash flow
problems, so an event like this water crisis can be devastating," said Miley,
D-Harrison.

"This will provide a safety net to help them pay their bills and stay in
businesses."

Cavender, the East End Main Street director, and his team immediately started
working on crafting a campaign that they said would normally take about nine
months to implement. But, in this case, it has to be a few days.

The Rehydrate East End Getting Back to Business after the Aquapocalypse campaign
will run from Friday through Jan. 31, with more than 40 businesses committed to
participating.

Every business will offer some type of promotion. The public radio show Mountain
Stage will offer patrons $10 off a ticket purchase when they present a receipt
for an East End business.

The campaign is about standing in solidarity with local business owners and
workers, Cavender said. "Everybody is stepping up and doing something," he said.

Across town, West Side Main Street is promoting its businesses with its Eat
West, Shop West, Go West Getting West Side Businesses Back in the Flow event
next week.

"West Side Main Street constantly strives to ensure the growth of our local
businesses, and in this time of need, we are developing strategies to assist
those establishments impacted by the recent chemical spill," said West Side Main
Street Director Stephanie Johnson.

The Charleston Area Alliance launched Back to Business Charlie West this week to
help connect businesses and customers.

The campaign stretches from social media sites like Facebook and Twitter to
actual shops donning stickers and posters, letting customer know it's back to
business.

Reach Eric Eyre at ericeyre@wvgazette.com or 304-348-4869. Reach Caitlin Cook at
caitlin.cook@wvgazette.com or 304-348-5113.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Charleston Newspapers


                              880 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                             May 17, 2007 Thursday

Public buildings under scrutiny

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 549 words


By Tim Hrenchir

THE CAPITAL-JOURNAL

Shawnee County government entities will qualify to receive federal disaster aid
if recent flood damage amounts to a little more than $500,000 to public
buildings and infrastructure, county emergency management director Gary
Middleton said Wednesday.

"We're hoping that we're going to be able to meet that," he said.

Middleton was among city and county officials who met Wednesday morning in
Topeka with Lynn Allison, regional public assistance coordinator for the Federal
Emergency Management Agency.

Allison said he was making damage assessments that he would provide to FEMA
officials who would decide whether Shawnee County will receive flood relief from
a federal program that provides public disaster aid to government entities to
repair or replace disaster-damaged infrastructure or public facilities.

After the county's last serious flood in October 2005, the county received
public aid but failed to qualify for individual assistance for property owners
through a FEMA program that provides money and services to disaster victims
whose property has been damaged or destroyed and whose losses aren't covered by
insurance.

Authorities said the October 2005 flooding failed to severely damage or destroy
the 582 homes that would have been necessary to trigger FEMA relief for
individual property owners.

Middleton said Wednesday it remained unclear whether FEMA would provide
individual assistance for victims of the May 7 flooding.

The most recent disaster in Kansas to trigger individual assistance was the May
4 Greensburg tornado, which prompted President Bush on May 6 to issue a major
disaster declaration for Kiowa County that included authorizing grants to help
pay for temporary housing, home repairs and other serious disaster-related
expenses.

Shawnee County appraiser Mark Hixon said Wednesday preliminary county estimates
indicate the May 7 flooding in Shawnee County did severe damage to structures on
12 parcels of land, moderate damage to structures on 290 parcels and minimal
damage to structures on 38 parcels.

Allison noted Wednesday that he was here only to gather information as to
whether Shawnee County would qualify for public assistance, saying he had "no
idea" what FEMA would do regarding individual assistance. Allison said he was
looking at six Kansas counties and had been in Topeka since Monday.

Middleton said FEMA was looking at damage to public properties that included
roads, bridges and culverts, as well as Stout Elementary School, Crestview
Community Center and Abbott Community Center. Crestview Community Center
sustained more than $100,000 in damage from the flooding, city interim parks
director Terry Bertels said last week.

Allison and Bob Webb, FEMA project officer for the Kansas Division of Emergency
Management, inspected damage Wednesday morning from water that got in under
doors and through window wells May 7 at the East Topeka Senior Center in the
basement of Abbott Community Center.

Mary Kerr, the senior center's executive director, said the city of Topeka
removed destroyed carpeting from that basement, which sustained more than $2,000
in damage.

The city would be reimbursed for those costs if FEMA awards it public assistance
, Allison said.

Tim Hrenchir can be reached

at (785) 295-1184

or tim.hrenchir@cjonline.com

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              881 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 1, 2016 Friday

Washington: Washington Review, April 1, 2016

LENGTH: 966  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the MP Albio Sires has issued the following news release:




 I sent letters supporting funding for security programs to the Chairman and
Ranking Member of the House Appropriations Subcommittee on Homeland Security.
One letter requested at least $405 million for the Assistance to Firefighters
(FIRE) Grant Program and $405 million for the Staffing for Adequate Fire and
Emergency Response (SAFER) Grant Program.  The FIRE and SAFER Grant programs
provide high quality, modern equipment and resources to hire new firefighters as
well as recruit and retain volunteer firefighters.  These grants will help
improve both the safety of our firefighters and the communities they serve.  I
also requested that funding for regional information sharing activities, such as
the Regional Information Sharing Systems (RISS) Program be restored to $45
million.  These programs help law enforcement agencies fight crime and terrorism
by providing investigative and case support while securely linking thousands of
criminal justice agencies to allow for intelligence sharing using
state-of-the-art technology.





 I also submitted a letter supporting $725 million in funding for the Urban Area
Security Initiative (UASI) which allows first responders in high-threat urban
areas to invest in a wide variety of resources. Funding for UASI has been
critical in providing first responders with the training they need to prevent,
respond to, and recover from disasters in our metropolitan areas.  Finally, I
requested sufficient funding for the Byrne Justice Assistance Grant (Bryne JAG)
Program and the Community Oriented Policing Services (COPS) Programs.  These
programs enable law enforcement agencies to form partnerships among communities
and law enforcement officers, combat criminal activities, as well as develop and
implement problem-solving and crime prevention programs.  I believe it is
important to fully fund security programs such as these that help improve our
law enforcement system and protect both civilians and first responders in
dangerous situations.



 Transportation



 Investing in America's transportation infrastructure is extremely important and
can stimulate the economy by creating jobs and bringing in new business. This is
why I requested funds for various transportation programs under the Fiscal Year
2017 Appropriations bill.  A number of submissions I made will build on the
commitment that Congress made to passenger rail in the Fixing America's Surface
Transportation (FAST) Act.  One such request was for $2.3 billion in funding to
provide grants to Amtrak in order to maintain current passenger rail services.
Amtrak provided service for 30.8 million passengers in fiscal year 2015 and the
Northeast Corridor carries more passengers between Washington, New York, and
Boston than all major airlines combined. As ridership continues to grow, it is
essential that we maintain our passenger rail infrastructure so that it remains
safe and efficient. I also supported $3.68 billion for Consolidated Rail
Infrastructure and Safety Improvements as well as $20 million for Restoration
and Enhancement.  These funds would be used to improve various aspects of our
nation's rail service, creating jobs and connecting communities while helping us
compete in the global economy.



 In addition, I sent a letter supporting the President's request of $1.25
billion in funding for Transportation Investment Generating Economic Recovery
(TIGER) programs.  The TIGER competitive grants program creates jobs by funding
investments in transportation infrastructure from states, local governments, and
transit agencies. Projects are selected based on their merits, to help ensure
that taxpayers are getting the highest value for every dollar invested. The
program's competitive structure and its broad eligibility allow for many types
of projects to qualify, especially those that include multi-modal
transportation.  In 2012, the City of Bayonne secured grant funding through this
program to expand the capacity of the South Hudson Intermodal Facility to
accommodate Post-Panamax ships.  TIGER funding has proven to be extremely
effective in updating outdated infrastructure and modifying inefficient
transportation planning in the 8th District.  These investments in our crumbling
transportation system will help create a foundation for a stronger future.



 Environment



 I joined my colleagues from New Jersey in requesting robust funding for the
Environmental Protection Agency's Drinking Water State Revolving Fund and the
Clean Water State Revolving Fund.  These two funds provide low-interest
financing to communities for compliance with federal water standards, something
that is especially important in light of the water crisis in Flint, Michigan.
These programs are particularly important to New Jersey as communities across
the state rely on their funding to maintain reliable infrastructure and complete
upgrades in order to ensure access to safe, clean water.



 Finally, I sent a letter to the Chairman and Ranking Member of the House
Appropriations Subcommittee on Interior, Environment and Related Agencies,
requesting $12 million in funding for the Land and Water Conservation Fund's
(LWCF) Outdoor Recreation Legacy Partnership.  This program is a new competitive
grant initiative that is specifically focused on helping urban communities
acquire or develop land to create and reinvigorate public parks and other
outdoor recreation spaces in order to encourage people to reconnect with the
outdoors.  In addition, urban parks, such as Liberty State Park in Jersey City,
have a positive impact on the local communities and generate economic activity.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              882 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            August 17, 2010 Tuesday

PepsiCo Foundation Pledges $500K to Pakistan Flooding Emergency Response Efforts

LENGTH: 443  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Aug. 17 -- The PepsiCo Foundation announced today its commitment to
contribute $500,000 to disaster relief in Pakistan in response to recent flash
and river flooding.

In support of the United Nations World Food Program (WFP), the PepsiCo
Foundation's disaster relief partner, $250,000 will be directed immediately to
the WFP's emergency and special operations already in place in Pakistan. The
funds will help provide humanitarian aid, including supplies and food assistance
, to some of the estimated six million Pakistanis whose homes and livelihoods
have been impacted by the heavy monsoon rains. The PepsiCo Foundation will work
together with PepsiCo's local business unit in Pakistan to identify an
appropriate beneficiary for the balance of the funding, which will be used for
rebuilding and recovery.

"PepsiCo is committed to helping the people of Pakistan persevere through this
extraordinary ordeal," said Saad Abdul-Latif, CEO of PepsiCo Asia, Middle East
and Africa. "Our friends and partners at the World Food Program will ensure that
our contribution will help immediately where it is needed most, while additional
relief aid from the PepsiCo Foundation as well as donations from PepsiCo
employees around the world will be put to the best possible use by our team on
the ground in Pakistan."

This pledge adds to the PepsiCo Foundation's history of giving across the globe
through grant making, associate programs and disaster response aid. In 2010,
PepsiCo donated $1 million and supplied bottled water, Gatorade and Quaker
products to support victims of the Haiti earthquake and granted $250,000 to the
nonprofit organization Un Techo Para Mi Pais to support Chilean earthquake
recovery.

Because WFP was already on the ground providing assistance to millions of
Pakistan's poorest people, the organization has been able to respond to the
disaster quickly and effectively. Despite the bad weather, the WFP has provided
a one-month supply of food to nearly 340,000 people in severely affected areas
of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province and other distressed communities.

About the PepsiCo Foundation

Established in 1962, the PepsiCo Foundation is the philanthropic anchor of
PepsiCo, responsible for providing charitable contributions to eligible
non-profit organizations. The Foundation is committed to developing sustainable
partnerships and programs in underserved regions that provide opportunities for
improved health, environment and educatio Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this article or
any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              883 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                            September 1, 2002 Sunday

Bonds on ballot total $37.8 billion

BYLINE: By TROY ANDERSONSTAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 529 words


In an unprecedented transformation of the role that bonds play in government
financing, voters will be asked in November to approve bonds totaling $37.8
billion.

Critics say Propositions 46, 47 and 50 have been placed on the ballot as a way
to avoid tax increases before an important statewide election. They say state
taxes will eventually rise to pay off the statewide bonds.

State and local officials are urging voters to pass the bonds at a time when
lawmakers battled over an imbalanced budget, passing it early Sunday, 61 days
after it was due.

"The state's fiscal problems have to be addressed at three levels,' said state
Sen. Tom McClintock, R-Thousand Oaks. "In the long term, we have to restore a
constitutional spending limit. Midrange, we must institute bureaucracy
reduction. In the short-range, you have to reduce spending for new programs and
for nonvital services.'

The state bonds would provide money for a variety of housing, water and
transportation projects, after-school and other educational programs and a
landmark measure, requested by Gov. Gray Davis, for a $26.2 billion bond to
build new schools, repair older ones and relieve overcrowding.

Proposition 47 -- the Kindergarten-University Public Education Facilities Bond
Act of 2002 -- would cost $26.2 billion over 30 years to pay off and provide
money to build and repair schools in the elementary, secondary, community
college and state university systems.

"These bonds are imperative,' Davis said recently at the annual conference of
the California Parent-Teacher Association. "The funds from the bonds will
finance new schools, modernize existing ones and create 600,000 new jobs. It's
time for the condition of our schoolhouses to reflect our commitment to our
schools.'

Paul Ryan, project director at the Center for Governmental Studies in Los
Angeles, said it's generally easier, politically speaking, to ask voters to
raise their own taxes than for politicians to raise them for the public.

"It's not surprising there are as many bond measures on the ballot, given this
is a big election year for all state offices,' Ryan said. "Very few elected
officials are willing to go on the record as having raised taxes two or three
months before a state election.'

The other propositions are:

-- Proposition 46, the Housing and Emergency Shelter Trust Fund Act of 2002. The
bond would cost $4.7 billion over 30 years and create a trust fund to provide
shelters for battered women, housing for low-income seniors, emergency shelters
for homeless families with children, housing with social services for homeless
and mentally ill and military veteran home-ownership assistance.

-- Proposition 50, the Water Quality, Supply and Safe Drinking Water Projects.
Coastal Wetlands Purchase and Protection bond. The bond would cost $6.9 billion
over 30 years to pay off and provide money for CalFed Bay-Delta projects, grants
and loans to reduce Colorado River water use, purchase of coastal wetlands,
river parkways, improved security at water facilities and grants for
desalination and drinking water disinfection.

Troy Anderson can be reached at [818] 713-3707.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2002 Valley Daily Bulletin


                              884 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                      IPR

                     August 6, 2014 Wednesday 6:19 AM  EST

STEPS TAKEN FOR WELFARE OF SALT WORKERS

LENGTH: 311  words


NEW DELHI, Aug. 6 -- The government of India issued the following news release:

The Ministry of Commerce & industry, through Salt Commissioner's Organization
(SCO), grants financial assistance to supplement the efforts of the State
Governments, salt industry and manufacturers in conducting welfare activities
for salt workers like construction of labour rest sheds, creches and community
centres; organizing general medical health-cum-eye camps and sports meets;
supplying of bicycles and safety kits; supplementing facilities in the hospitals
for the benefit of salt workers like providing ambulance; capacity building for
transporting and storage of potable water, laying pipelines for supply of
drinking water and granting scholarships to the meritorious children of the salt
workers studying in class-VI to class-XII. The Central Government had also
sanctioned and implemented a plan scheme named Namak Mazdoor Awas Yojana for
construction of 5000 houses for salt workers in various salt producing States.

There is no specific State-wise allocation of funds in this regard. The
financial support for execution of welfare works for salt workers is extended on
receipt of proposals from the concerned State Governments/Salt Manufacturers.
The State-wise expenditure (Non-Plan) incurred during the last three years on
labour welfare works is as follows:

*Table omitted (the document can be viewed at URL:
http://pib.nic.in/newsite/erelease.aspx?relid=0)

The expenditure for the coming three years would depend on the proposals
received from the beneficiaries.

The information was given by the Minister of State (Independent Charge) in the
Ministry of Commerce & Industry Smt. Nirmala Sitharaman in a written reply in
Rajya Sabha today. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              885 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                            April 22, 2006 Saturday

FEMA to trim office  ;
 Workers will still help storm victims

BYLINE: CHRIS WETTERICH STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 296 words


Part of the Federal Emergency Management Agency's temporary office in
Springfield will shut down today, but most of the staff assisting residents of
Sangamon and two other counties declared disaster areas as a result of the March
12 tornadoes will remain for now.

FEMA's joint information center, which handles media requests and has community
-relations representatives and a congressional liaison, will close today. It
consisted of about 15 people.

About 60 other workers will remain to continue processing aid requests and
answering questions.

FEMA's two disaster-recovery centers - at 1450 S. Groth St., in the unused
east-side City Water, Light and Power service center, and at the west-side Ace
Hardware, 1600 Wabash Ave. - will remain open until further notice.

Those affected by the March 12 tornadoes can still call the agency at (800)
621-3362 or (800) 462-7585 (TTY) to get questions answered. That line will be
open until May 17.

FEMA expects to close down its tornado-related operations in Springfield
sometime in late May, said spokesman Sam Ventura.

"We stay around until we make sure that everybody has been taken care of," he
said.

To date, FEMA has approved $600,000 in grants for about 325 applicants and has
disbursed about $580,000. Figures for Small Business Administration loans are
not yet available, Ventura said.

The agency continues to process applications, and more aid is expected to be
approved, he added.

Meanwhile, the Capital Area Association of Realtors said Friday it is providing
$10,000 in aid to some tornado victims. The money was made possible through the
Realtors Relief Foundation. As much as $1,000 will be provided for mortgage or
rent relief.

People can request funding using an online form at the CAAR Web site,
www.seehouses.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LOCAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The State Journal-Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              886 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             July 4, 2012 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Disaster status granted

BYLINE: EDDIE DANIELS, The Pasco Tribune

SECTION: PASCO; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 663 words


Obama's declaration means flood aid for Pasco, other Florida counties

BY EDDIE DANIELS

The Pasco Tribune

Federal aid became available to Pasco County residents after President Barack
Obama on Tuesday declared a major disaster area exists in Florida because of
damage caused by Tropical Storm Debby.

Federal funding also will be available to residents of Baker, Bradford, Columbia
and Wakulla counties.

Assistance can include grants for temporary housing and home repairs, low-cost
loans to cover uninsured property losses, and other programs to help individuals
and business owners recover.

Obama called Gov. Rick Scott last week to offer the federal assistance the
president signed off on Tuesday.

The Federal Emergency Management Agency said residents and business owners in
the designated counties can begin applying for assistance today by registering
at www.disasterassistance.gov or calling (800) 621-3362, or (800) 462-7585 for
the hearing and speech impaired. The toll-free telephone numbers will operate
from 7 a.m. to 10 p.m. daily until further notice.

On Tuesday, the Pasco County Commission extended the local state of emergency,
which was enacted June 25, through Sunday. The extension will allow the county
to waive certain procedures required to perform public work and protect the
health, safety and welfare of the community.

Meanwhile, residents of Suncoast Gateway Mobile Village in Port Richey continue
to dry out. Water has receded, revealing damage to the underside of many mobile
homes. Bricks used as foundation are either gone or have shifted. The smell of
dank water persists.

Many of the residents were evacuated by boat because of the high water.

Tuesday afternoon at Suncoast Gateway, Larry Oberg was busy spraying his
concrete carport with a water hose.

He'd already gone over it numerous times with bleach and a scrub brush.

Standing water from Tropical Storm Debby turned the cement slab -- painted green
-- into a brown mess. Even algae began to build, making it slick, he said.

"It's just disgusting with all the dirt and mildew and dead fish," Oberg said.

He said water rose 30 inches in some parts of the mobile home park, at Ridge
Road and Leo Kidd Avenue, enough for a gar to zip by in the water.

Thousands of Pasco residents were affected as Debby dumped more than 14 inches
of rain on the county, mainly the western areas. Water from the Anclote and
Pithlachascotee rivers flooded neighborhoods in and around New Port Richey,
affecting more than 7,000 residents.

The body of David Glenn Huntley, 46, was found in those floodwaters just off
Celtic Drive in the Anclote River on June 28. His drowning was found to be
storm-related.

Mike Rosenhagen, vice president of operations for Carefree Property Management,
which runs Suncoast Gateway, understands flooding at the mobile home park was
inevitable with the amount of rain. He said the county's neglect of the park's
culvert draining system as well as the pumping from the Magnolia Valley
subdivision kept water stagnating in Gateway.

"I think we would have had initial flooding, but it would have subsided in a day
or two," Rosenhagen said. "I know it wouldn't have been standing here until
almost Friday."

Oberg and his wife, Carol, stayed in the mobile home during the flooding. The
water rose to the bottom of his front door. Nothing inside the home was damaged,
but his air conditioning unit, its duct work, the vapor barrier and the home's
insulation were ruined, he said.

When asked why he chose to stay, the Brooklyn native dropped the water hose,
walked to the front of his home and pointed to statues of the Virgin Mary, a
reindeer and Jesus.

"I said, if they float away, I got a problem," Oberg said laughing. "If they
stay there, I'm not moving. Even the Jesus statue, which is little, it didn't
budge. It stayed right there."

edaniels@tampatrib.com

(813) 371-1860

Twitter: @EddieDTampaTrib

Copyright © 2012, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2012 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              887 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                             October 7, 2011 Friday

Food Aid Project Helps Millions of Ethiopians Face Drought

LENGTH: 935 words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Oct. 07 -- The Horn of Africa has been hit with the worst drought in
decades; in southern Ethiopia, four successive rainy seasons have failed.
Recurring droughts have taught Ethiopia and its development partners to better
anticipate and be prepared to deal with such natural disasters. As a result, at
least 7.5 million people in Ethiopia are better positioned to deal with the
effects of the drought through the support of the Productive Safety Net Program
(PSNP), which provides cash and food annually to households facing the
possibility of hunger or starvation. However, approximately 4.5 million people
are still in need of food assistance this year.

The Oromia and Somali regional states are the worst hit with 1.9 million and 1.4
million people in need of food aid, according to aid officials. The drought has
also affected the Amhara, Southern, Tigray, Afar, and Benisahngul-Gumuz regional
states, as well as Dire Dawa with 420,045, 252,000; 299,000; 132,000; 29,000 and
5,000 people in need of emergency food assistance, respectively.

What the government is doing

The government and humanitarian agencies are distributing food aid to those
exposed to food shortage in the drought affected areas. The government has also
released food from its strategic grain reserve to meet short term needs, and is
currently procuring new food to replenish the reserve. As outlined in the Growth
and Transformation Plan, the government has the intention to increase the
capacity of the reserve from its current 405,000 metric tons (MT) to 3,000,000
MT within the next five years.

World Bank response

The World Bank is one of a number of development partners supporting the
government's Productive Safety Net Program (PSNP), which has played a major role
in reducing the number of people affected by the drought, and saving the
livelihoods of millions of Ethiopians.

PSNP was launched in 2005 as part of the Ethiopian government's Food Security
Program. The project was designed to reform and complement the existing
humanitarian support system by creating opportunities for chronically food
insecure people in rural Ethiopia, helping them to acquire resources and become
food secure over time.

The PSNP helps to reduce household vulnerability, improve resilience to shocks
and promote sustainable community development in food insecure areas of rural
Ethiopia. To mitigate the risk of economic and climate related shocks, the PSNP
has adaptive measures such as soil and water conservation activities, small
scale irrigation and integrated watershed management. In addition, the program
also supports public work activities to build social infrastructure such as
schools, health clinics and roads.

Currently the project benefits more than 7.5 million people, who otherwise would
have been hurt by this drought.

Emahoy Belaynesh, who is raising three children and a grandchild, is one of the
beneficiaries of the program. With part of the grant she received, she bought
seeds of several varieties of fruits and vegetables and planted them in her
garden. Among other things, she grows corn, yams, carrots, coffee, oranges, and
passion-fruit. She is also involved in beekeeping.

"When my husband died I had no source of income and was having a hard time
making ends meet," Belaynesh said. "The safety net program has been a life
saver. I now sell my products and earn enough money to put my three children to
school, put food on the table and buy anything that we need. I am also able to
put some money aside."

So far, development partners and the Ethiopian government have provided over
US$1.9 billion for the project, including $190 million through the project's
risk financing facility and contingency budgets to help reach more people during
shocks.

In addition to PSNP, there are several World Bank-supported programs being
mobilized to help with the drought. One notable program is the Pastoral
Community Development Program (PCDP), which has been providing resources for
emergency water and fodder provisions in Oromiya, Somali, Afar and SNNP regions.
The Pastoral Risk Management Component of the project has disbursed around USD
500,000 for this purpose in recent months.

From August 15 - 26, a Bank drought missionary visited Ethiopia's affected sites
and had meetings with government and development partners. Based on that visit,
the World Bank expects to:

1. Provide some $270 million in additional financing to PSNP, taking account of
the exceptional financing needs resulting from the current drought;

2. Accelerate preparation of a new phase of PCDP, to respond to the current and
foreseeable future challenges arising from drought and climate change; and,

3. Through PSNP and PCDP, engage with the government to further strengthen the
disaster risk management system, including its information management, rapid
response arrangements, and longer term strategic investment framework.

Refugees from Somalia

In addition to dealing with its own population affected by the drought, Ethiopia
also has to assist thousands of refugees from neighboring Somalia. Dollo Ado,
the Ethiopian refugee camp located on the border with Somalia, is trying to cope
with new refugees arriving from Somalia every day. Over 120,000 Somalis have
arrived in the camp since January, exceeding capacities in this remote location.
In order to manage the influx of refugees, there are now four camps in the area
and a fifth is being considered Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              888 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 21, 2015 Monday

Grant-funded storage, microgrid project to test resiliency in public power city

LENGTH: 424  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: American Public Power Association has issued the following news
release:



 Eugene Water & Electric Board in Eugene, Oregon, plans to test energy storage
combined with a microgrid for resiliency and response during emergencies.





 The project received $295,000 in state and federal grants, according to a news
release from the Oregon Department of Energy.  Eugene developed the project,
called Grid Edge, to show how a public power utility can help increase
resiliency by providing electricity when transmission lines and power facilities
are down, ODOE said.



 The storage is powered by 125 kW of solar photovoltaic panels. ODEO said this
gives the added benefits of reduced emissions compared to traditional back-up
diesel generators. "In disasters such as earthquakes or floods, diverse
renewable power supplies can help provide critical services during response and
recovery," ODOE said in the news release.



 The project will provide power for three types of community infrastructure, a
Eugene utility official said -- a water and electricity emergency operations
hub, a water pump station, and a multi-agency communications site.



 "After a disaster, Oregonians will need reliable access to electricity, potable
water, and emergency communications," said Will Price, energy resources analyst
at the Eugene utility.



 Storage will be installed at  three sites in Eugene: 250 kilowatts/387
kilowatt-hours at the Roosevelt Operations Center facility, 125 kW/258 kWh at
the Blanton communications facility, and 125 kW/258 kWh at the Willamette water
pump station. The project totals 500 kW/900 kWh of energy storage.



 The grant is funded in part by the U.S. Department of Energy's Office of
Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability which committed $250,000 to the
project. Oregon is partnering with the local cleantech incubator Oregon BEST to
award the additional $45,000. The Eugene utility is partnering with Powin Energy
and Green Energy Corp. on the project. Sandia National Laboratories is providing
technical assistance with support from the Clean Energy States Alliance, a
national nonprofit coalition of state and municipal clean energy funds working
with federal, regional, industry, and other stakeholders to promote clean energy
markets and technologies.



 "We have a very good team," said Imre Gyuk, program manager at DOE. "The
long-term benefits for Oregon, and indeed the entire industry, are outstanding."




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              889 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 21, 2015 Monday

Grant-funded storage, microgrid project to test resiliency in public power city

LENGTH: 424  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: American Public Power Association has issued the following news
release:



 Eugene Water & Electric Board in Eugene, Oregon, plans to test energy storage
combined with a microgrid for resiliency and response during emergencies.





 The project received $295,000 in state and federal grants, according to a news
release from the Oregon Department of Energy.  Eugene developed the project,
called Grid Edge, to show how a public power utility can help increase
resiliency by providing electricity when transmission lines and power facilities
are down, ODOE said.



 The storage is powered by 125 kW of solar photovoltaic panels. ODEO said this
gives the added benefits of reduced emissions compared to traditional back-up
diesel generators. "In disasters such as earthquakes or floods, diverse
renewable power supplies can help provide critical services during response and
recovery," ODOE said in the news release.



 The project will provide power for three types of community infrastructure, a
Eugene utility official said -- a water and electricity emergency operations
hub, a water pump station, and a multi-agency communications site.



 "After a disaster, Oregonians will need reliable access to electricity, potable
water, and emergency communications," said Will Price, energy resources analyst
at the Eugene utility.



 Storage will be installed at  three sites in Eugene: 250 kilowatts/387
kilowatt-hours at the Roosevelt Operations Center facility, 125 kW/258 kWh at
the Blanton communications facility, and 125 kW/258 kWh at the Willamette water
pump station. The project totals 500 kW/900 kWh of energy storage.



 The grant is funded in part by the U.S. Department of Energy's Office of
Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability which committed $250,000 to the
project. Oregon is partnering with the local cleantech incubator Oregon BEST to
award the additional $45,000. The Eugene utility is partnering with Powin Energy
and Green Energy Corp. on the project. Sandia National Laboratories is providing
technical assistance with support from the Clean Energy States Alliance, a
national nonprofit coalition of state and municipal clean energy funds working
with federal, regional, industry, and other stakeholders to promote clean energy
markets and technologies.



 "We have a very good team," said Imre Gyuk, program manager at DOE. "The
long-term benefits for Oregon, and indeed the entire industry, are outstanding."




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              890 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                   Palestine News & Information Agency (WAFA)

                            August 6, 2014 Wednesday

Japan Provides $1 Million in Support of Water, Sanitation and Hygiene Emergency
Needs for Gazans

LENGTH: 378 words


JERUSALEM,
August 6, 2014 (WAFA) - The Government and people of Japan have contributed USD
1 million to support UNICEF's emergency response to the water, sanitation and
hygiene emergency needs of children and women in Gaza during on-going
conflict," Wednesday said a statement by the UNICEF Jerusalem office.



"Up
to now, we have been witnessing a rapidly unfolding catastrophe in Gaza due to
the lack of sufficient, safe, and continued humanitarian access for routine
operations and repairs of water and sanitation services," said June Kunugi,
UNICEF Special Representative, State of Palestine.

"Access
to clean water for drinking, personal hygiene and domestic use can make the
difference between life and death for children and their families," she said,
adding: "For this we thank the people and the Government of Japan for their
enduring and generous commitment and support to Palestinian children."

Meanwhile,
Junya Matsuura, Ambassador for Palestinian Affairs and Representative to the
Palestinian Authority of the Government of Japan explained that the Government
and people of Japan have contributed USD 1 million through UNICEF, as part of
Japan's assistance to the Palestinian people and especially in Gaza, "who were
affected by the confrontation between Israel and militants in Gaza strip,"
according to the statement.

"Furthermore,
Ambassador Matsuura emphasized that Japan continues to make efforts to achieve
a ceasefire in coordination with the international community."

The
Japanese grant will allow UNICEF to enable water tankering, provide baby and
family hygiene kits, and needed supplies to repair damaged water, wastewater
networks, wells and generators.

"Since
the beginning of the conflict in July, more than 285,000 people, of whom 50 per
cent are children, are sheltered at 90 UNRWA and 19 public schools, and are in
dire need of drinking water, water storage containers, and family and baby
hygiene kits," the statement stressed.

"An
estimated 1.5 million people who are not taking shelter in designated
internally displaced areas have extremely restricted access to water, as water
service providers cannot access the facilities to conduct their daily
operations and carry out urgently needed repairs and maintenance."

M.N./T.R.

 2014 Palestine News & Information Agency (WAFA).

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 200


                  Copyright 2014 Palestine News Agency - WAFA
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              891 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                           September 1, 1992 Tuesday

Floods threaten houses Army in battle for town

BYLINE: JOHN FERGUSON; JOHAN REVALK; CHRIS HACKETT

LENGTH: 1000 words


The army was called in to stem rising floodwaters in the Adelaide Hills last
night as the number of homeless from the State's devastating storms reached at
least 30.

Soldiers from the Woodside army barracks were fighting back a wall of water on
the banks of the Onkaparinga River at Balhannah in the Hills.

At least five houses were under threat in the town late last night and more
troops were on standby as the Onkaparinga threatened to wreak further havoc on
Hills residents.

The soldiers were among hundreds of rescue workers across the State fighting
back floodwaters brought about by some of the heaviest rains for more than 140
years.

At Ashbourne, 15km west of Strathalbyn, State Emergency Service workers were
racing against time late last night to protect eight houses near a dam which was
threatening to burst.

Volunteers were working desperately to put sandbags around the houses.

North of Adelaide, Country Fire Service volunteers said the swollen Gawler and
Lower Light rivers were gradually receding, easing fears that more houses near
Two Wells and Virginia would be flooded.

The Engineering and Water Supply Department warned last night low-lying areas in
Adelaide could be inundated with floodwaters today as most of the Hills
reservoirs were full or overflowing.

Adelaide was struck by heavy rains yesterday. Several key roads were blocked and
the south parklands faced a deluge of water, with sections turning into
temporary lakes.

Adelaide's rainfall of 129mm for the month was the highest August total since
1909, when 142mm was recorded for the month.

Sunday's 24-hour rainfall total of 43.2mm was the highest August daily rainfall
in Adelaide since August 19, 1851, when 56.6mm fell.

In other developments across the State yesterday:

LARGE areas of the Far North were awash, with roads cut and at least 200
tourists stranded at Innamincka.

MOTORISTS were warned to stay away from the Hills area as roads became blocked
from rock and mud slides. A man almost died when the car and trailer he was
driving were caught in a mudslide on Gorge Rd in the Hills.

THE STATE Government pledged an initial outlay of $125,000 for the flood
victims, which will be reviewed today.

LOCAL councils face a multimillion-dollar clean-up bill to repair damaged
infrastructure and Opposition Leader Mr Dean Brown said the Government should
contribute to the costs.

THE insurance industry is expecting to pay out up to $5 million in claims
arising from the weekend rainstorms. THE floods spread to Two Wells and Mallala,
north of Adelaide, yesterday as the metre-high Lower Light River became a 10m
deep torrent of water, flooding nearby homes.

AT least 70 homes have been flooded since Sunday.

POLICE have yet to recover the body of the middle-aged man, Mr Rod Streek, of
Stansbury, on Yorke Peninsula, who was swept from the Gorge Caravan Park at
Cudlee Creek on Sunday. The body of a woman killed in the same incident, Ms
Vicky Marie Causby, 18, of Craigmore, was discovered on Sunday afternoon.

POLICE defended their role in the failed bid to rescue the two people - Ms
Causby's fiance was saved - and Police Commissioner Mr David Hunt said he wanted
a review on the siting of caravan parks near waterways.

Meanwhile, the army and the CFS were sandbagging a group of houses in Balhannah
as the Onkaparinga rose to within metres of several homes along its course.

For Peter and Tania Langsford it was the second time in two days that they faced
the peril of flooding.

Mrs Langsford said: "No, we're not going to move - after all the publicity we've
had, who would want to buy our house?"

Mr Langsford added: "We're going to stay here through the night to see how it
goes." On Sunday, their house was flooded out by the Onkaparinga, which flows
through the Hills to Port Noarlunga.

The couple, who have two children, managed to remove most of their possessions
on Sunday when the transportable home shifted about 15cm because of the water.
They have lived in Balhannah for 11 years.

Major Steve Delaney, of the Defence Department, said last night another 50
soldiers were on standby and more, from Adelaide, were available if the floods
worsened.

The Deputy Premier, Dr Hopgood, said Government assistance would include
emergency grants of up to $280 for each adult and $180 for each child.

In the longer term the Government would offer temporary living expenses grants
and up to $5600 in re-establishment grants.

The grants are understood to relate to Gorge Caravan Park residents.

The Government pledged an initial outlay of $125,000, which Dr Hopgood said
would be reviewed today.

"I make the point, of course, that we are talking about a limited number of
people; we are not talking about an Ash Wednesday bushfire or something like
that," he said.

"Perhaps 40 families may have been affected like that. A good response from the
community will obviously help these people set themselves up again."

The Family and Community Services Department Modbury office manager, Mr Ken
Vincent, said the homeless were all from the Gorge Caravan Park, which was
devastated by the flooding.

Mr Vincent said about 20 families were homeless and emergency accommodation was
being arranged by FACS, aided by the Housing Trust.

He said the trust's emergency housing office was providing relief, including
financial assistance of two weeks' accommodation where victims were stranded. He
said many of those affected had received help from relatives or friends.

"The support has been overwhelming and we are ensuring that everyone has a place
to stay," he said.

A check of major insurance companies early yesterday showed the busiest company
had handled only 15 claims, while one eastern suburbs carpet specialist received
about 55 inquiries about drying flood-damaged carpets. Because most house
insurance policies did not cover flood damage, most of the huge damages bill
would be faced by property owners.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo: peter and tania langsford watch as soldiers pilesandbags against
their house; Balhannah residents Peter and Tania Langsford watch from awindow as
soldiers pile sandbags against their house lastnight.

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 1992 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              892 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                           September 1, 1992 Tuesday

Floods threaten houses Army in battle for town

BYLINE: JOHN FERGUSON; JOHAN REVALK; CHRIS HACKETT

LENGTH: 1000 words


The army was called in to stem rising floodwaters in the Adelaide Hills last
night as the number of homeless from the State's devastating storms reached at
least 30.

Soldiers from the Woodside army barracks were fighting back a wall of water on
the banks of the Onkaparinga River at Balhannah in the Hills.

At least five houses were under threat in the town late last night and more
troops were on standby as the Onkaparinga threatened to wreak further havoc on
Hills residents.

The soldiers were among hundreds of rescue workers across the State fighting
back floodwaters brought about by some of the heaviest rains for more than 140
years.

At Ashbourne, 15km west of Strathalbyn, State Emergency Service workers were
racing against time late last night to protect eight houses near a dam which was
threatening to burst.

Volunteers were working desperately to put sandbags around the houses.

North of Adelaide, Country Fire Service volunteers said the swollen Gawler and
Lower Light rivers were gradually receding, easing fears that more houses near
Two Wells and Virginia would be flooded.

The Engineering and Water Supply Department warned last night low-lying areas in
Adelaide could be inundated with floodwaters today as most of the Hills
reservoirs were full or overflowing.

Adelaide was struck by heavy rains yesterday. Several key roads were blocked and
the south parklands faced a deluge of water, with sections turning into
temporary lakes.

Adelaide's rainfall of 129mm for the month was the highest August total since
1909, when 142mm was recorded for the month.

Sunday's 24-hour rainfall total of 43.2mm was the highest August daily rainfall
in Adelaide since August 19, 1851, when 56.6mm fell.

In other developments across the State yesterday:

LARGE areas of the Far North were awash, with roads cut and at least 200
tourists stranded at Innamincka.

MOTORISTS were warned to stay away from the Hills area as roads became blocked
from rock and mud slides. A man almost died when the car and trailer he was
driving were caught in a mudslide on Gorge Rd in the Hills.

THE STATE Government pledged an initial outlay of $125,000 for the flood
victims, which will be reviewed today.

LOCAL councils face a multimillion-dollar clean-up bill to repair damaged
infrastructure and Opposition Leader Mr Dean Brown said the Government should
contribute to the costs.

THE insurance industry is expecting to pay out up to $5 million in claims
arising from the weekend rainstorms. THE floods spread to Two Wells and Mallala,
north of Adelaide, yesterday as the metre-high Lower Light River became a 10m
deep torrent of water, flooding nearby homes.

AT least 70 homes have been flooded since Sunday.

POLICE have yet to recover the body of the middle-aged man, Mr Rod Streek, of
Stansbury, on Yorke Peninsula, who was swept from the Gorge Caravan Park at
Cudlee Creek on Sunday. The body of a woman killed in the same incident, Ms
Vicky Marie Causby, 18, of Craigmore, was discovered on Sunday afternoon.

POLICE defended their role in the failed bid to rescue the two people - Ms
Causby's fiance was saved - and Police Commissioner Mr David Hunt said he wanted
a review on the siting of caravan parks near waterways.

Meanwhile, the army and the CFS were sandbagging a group of houses in Balhannah
as the Onkaparinga rose to within metres of several homes along its course.

For Peter and Tania Langsford it was the second time in two days that they faced
the peril of flooding.

Mrs Langsford said: "No, we're not going to move - after all the publicity we've
had, who would want to buy our house?"

Mr Langsford added: "We're going to stay here through the night to see how it
goes." On Sunday, their house was flooded out by the Onkaparinga, which flows
through the Hills to Port Noarlunga.

The couple, who have two children, managed to remove most of their possessions
on Sunday when the transportable home shifted about 15cm because of the water.
They have lived in Balhannah for 11 years.

Major Steve Delaney, of the Defence Department, said last night another 50
soldiers were on standby and more, from Adelaide, were available if the floods
worsened.

The Deputy Premier, Dr Hopgood, said Government assistance would include
emergency grants of up to $280 for each adult and $180 for each child.

In the longer term the Government would offer temporary living expenses grants
and up to $5600 in re-establishment grants.

The grants are understood to relate to Gorge Caravan Park residents.

The Government pledged an initial outlay of $125,000, which Dr Hopgood said
would be reviewed today.

"I make the point, of course, that we are talking about a limited number of
people; we are not talking about an Ash Wednesday bushfire or something like
that," he said.

"Perhaps 40 families may have been affected like that. A good response from the
community will obviously help these people set themselves up again."

The Family and Community Services Department Modbury office manager, Mr Ken
Vincent, said the homeless were all from the Gorge Caravan Park, which was
devastated by the flooding.

Mr Vincent said about 20 families were homeless and emergency accommodation was
being arranged by FACS, aided by the Housing Trust.

He said the trust's emergency housing office was providing relief, including
financial assistance of two weeks' accommodation where victims were stranded. He
said many of those affected had received help from relatives or friends.

"The support has been overwhelming and we are ensuring that everyone has a place
to stay," he said.

A check of major insurance companies early yesterday showed the busiest company
had handled only 15 claims, while one eastern suburbs carpet specialist received
about 55 inquiries about drying flood-damaged carpets. Because most house
insurance policies did not cover flood damage, most of the huge damages bill
would be faced by property owners.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo: peter and tania langsford watch as soldiers pilesandbags against
their house; Balhannah residents Peter and Tania Langsford watch from awindow as
soldiers pile sandbags against their house lastnight.

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 1992 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              893 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 25, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Partnerships and progress: West Virginia severe storms, flooding,
mudslides and landslides 60 days later

LENGTH: 1076  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Federal Emergency Management Agency has issued the following news
release:



 West Virginia is taking significant steps toward recovery following the severe
storms, flooding, landslides and mudslides that occurred June 22-29, 2016.



 Recovery takes the Whole Community. Affected communities and disaster survivors
are repairing and rebuilding better, stronger and safer with the help of
neighbors, friends, family members, voluntary groups, faith- and community-based
organizations and local, county, state and federal governments.





 The following highlights recovery progress made in the 60 days since the June
25 presidential disaster declaration and how disaster survivors and affected
communities are overcoming challenges:



 Initially three counties were designated as eligible for federal assistance.
Since then, the presidential disaster declaration has been amended six times,
making survivors in 12 counties eligible to apply for help under FEMA's
Individual Assistance (IA) program.



 The deadline for survivors to register for federal aid under the IA program is
Wednesday,     Sept. 7, 2016.



 In addition, local, county and state government infrastructure and certain
private nonprofit organizations in 18 counties became eligible to receive
funding through FEMA's Public Assistance (PA) program to repair and rebuild
certain eligible disaster-damaged facilities. Local, county and state government
expenses related to debris removal, saving lives, providing security, and
managing the immediate response also became eligible for reimbursement.



 The PA program benefits everyone in the affected communities because essential
services like roads, utilities, schools and hospitals are often restored
stronger than they were before the disaster. FEMA relieves burdens of local and
county governments and the state by paying 75 percent of the eligible costs.



 So far, more than 8,732 West Virginia households have contacted FEMA for IA
help.



 To date, survivors have received more than $111 million in federal disaster
assistance for a variety of recovery purposes.



     More than $32.7 million in grants has been approved for a place to stay for
homeowners and renters whose residences were uninhabitable and to make essential
repairs for homes to be safe, secure and functional.



     More than $6.2 million in grants has gone to homeowners and renters to
repair and replace certain household items and for disaster-related burial,
medical and dental expenses.



     Homeowners, renters and businesses have received more than $44.2 million in
low-interest disaster loans from the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) to
repair, rebuild and replace damaged property and contents. Disaster loans cover
losses not fully compensated by insurance or other sources.



     NFIP policyholders have received more than $20 million in claims to repair
and rebuild flood-damaged property.



     The total Public Assistance Grants obligated as of Aug. 23 is more than
$7.8 million



 The SBA may call you after you register with FEMA. If they do, advise SBA on
how you want to apply and submit your disaster low-interest loan application.
As a business, homeowner or renter, you can submit your SBA disaster loan
application in one of three ways:



     Online at https://disasterloan.sba.gov/ela/;



     In person at a DRC (to find the closest one, go to www.fema.gov/drc.); or



     By mail.



 FEMA and SBA encourage homeowners, renters and business owners to submit your
SBA loan application to help fund recovery and to ensure the federal disaster
recovery process continues.



 If your SBA loan application is approved, you may be eligible to borrow
additional funds to cover the cost of improvements that will protect your
property against future damage. Examples



 include elevating utilities, water heaters and furnaces, and installing
retaining walls and sump pumps. Applicants may be eligible for an SBA loan
increase, for mitigation purposes, of up to 20 percent of their physical damage.




 If SBA determines you aren't eligible for a home loan, they will refer you back
to FEMA. This could make you eligible for FEMA aid.



 Disaster recovery officials are still on the ground in West Virginia and
interacting with survivors in a variety of ways to help them recover:



     FEMA specialists have attended more than 30 community organization events
in West Virginia to discuss and answer questions about federal disaster
assistance.



     More than 9,100 survivors have visited 15 Disaster Recovery Centers (DRCs).
The first centers opened three days after the presidential disaster declaration.




     More than 7,100 FEMA housing inspections have been completed.



     FEMA disaster survivor assistance specialists canvassed the affected
communities to encourage survivors to register for help, provide recovery
information and listen to their concerns.



     Free consultations on building hazard-resistant homes have been given to
more than 2,800 survivors at DRCs and more than 5,300 at West Virginia home
improvement stores.



 The West Virginia Chief Recovery Officer, Maj. Gen. James Hoyer of the National
Guard; the West Virginia State Disaster Recovery Officer, Keith Burdette, who is
Secretary of Commerce for the State of West Virginia; and Federal Disaster
Recovery Coordinator Kevin Snyder are coordinating a team of state and federal
disaster recovery specialists to restore, redevelop, revitalize and better
prepare affected communities.



 Recovery has significantly progressed because of voluntary, faith and community
-based groups that are donating their time and skills to help survivors muck
out, repair and rebuild their homes. These groups are always the first and last
presence to help disaster survivors recover.



 Whole community partners continue to collaborate to find solutions to enable
West Virginia's recovery and will be here as long as it takes.



 Registering with FEMA is the first step in qualifying for assistance. Sept. 7
is the last day for survivors to file an application. FEMA encourages all
survivors who sustained disaster-related damage or losses to apply by phone
(voice, 711 or relay service) at 800-621-3362 (TTY users should call
800-462-7585) or online at DisasterAssistance.gov. The toll-free lines are open
7 a.m. to 10 p.m. EDT seven days a week. Multilingual operators are available.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              894 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 25, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Partnerships and progress: West Virginia severe storms, flooding,
mudslides and landslides 60 days later

LENGTH: 1076  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Federal Emergency Management Agency has issued the following news
release:



 West Virginia is taking significant steps toward recovery following the severe
storms, flooding, landslides and mudslides that occurred June 22-29, 2016.



 Recovery takes the Whole Community. Affected communities and disaster survivors
are repairing and rebuilding better, stronger and safer with the help of
neighbors, friends, family members, voluntary groups, faith- and community-based
organizations and local, county, state and federal governments.





 The following highlights recovery progress made in the 60 days since the June
25 presidential disaster declaration and how disaster survivors and affected
communities are overcoming challenges:



 Initially three counties were designated as eligible for federal assistance.
Since then, the presidential disaster declaration has been amended six times,
making survivors in 12 counties eligible to apply for help under FEMA's
Individual Assistance (IA) program.



 The deadline for survivors to register for federal aid under the IA program is
Wednesday,     Sept. 7, 2016.



 In addition, local, county and state government infrastructure and certain
private nonprofit organizations in 18 counties became eligible to receive
funding through FEMA's Public Assistance (PA) program to repair and rebuild
certain eligible disaster-damaged facilities. Local, county and state government
expenses related to debris removal, saving lives, providing security, and
managing the immediate response also became eligible for reimbursement.



 The PA program benefits everyone in the affected communities because essential
services like roads, utilities, schools and hospitals are often restored
stronger than they were before the disaster. FEMA relieves burdens of local and
county governments and the state by paying 75 percent of the eligible costs.



 So far, more than 8,732 West Virginia households have contacted FEMA for IA
help.



 To date, survivors have received more than $111 million in federal disaster
assistance for a variety of recovery purposes.



     More than $32.7 million in grants has been approved for a place to stay for
homeowners and renters whose residences were uninhabitable and to make essential
repairs for homes to be safe, secure and functional.



     More than $6.2 million in grants has gone to homeowners and renters to
repair and replace certain household items and for disaster-related burial,
medical and dental expenses.



     Homeowners, renters and businesses have received more than $44.2 million in
low-interest disaster loans from the U.S. Small Business Administration (SBA) to
repair, rebuild and replace damaged property and contents. Disaster loans cover
losses not fully compensated by insurance or other sources.



     NFIP policyholders have received more than $20 million in claims to repair
and rebuild flood-damaged property.



     The total Public Assistance Grants obligated as of Aug. 23 is more than
$7.8 million



 The SBA may call you after you register with FEMA. If they do, advise SBA on
how you want to apply and submit your disaster low-interest loan application.
As a business, homeowner or renter, you can submit your SBA disaster loan
application in one of three ways:



     Online at https://disasterloan.sba.gov/ela/;



     In person at a DRC (to find the closest one, go to www.fema.gov/drc.); or



     By mail.



 FEMA and SBA encourage homeowners, renters and business owners to submit your
SBA loan application to help fund recovery and to ensure the federal disaster
recovery process continues.



 If your SBA loan application is approved, you may be eligible to borrow
additional funds to cover the cost of improvements that will protect your
property against future damage. Examples



 include elevating utilities, water heaters and furnaces, and installing
retaining walls and sump pumps. Applicants may be eligible for an SBA loan
increase, for mitigation purposes, of up to 20 percent of their physical damage.




 If SBA determines you aren't eligible for a home loan, they will refer you back
to FEMA. This could make you eligible for FEMA aid.



 Disaster recovery officials are still on the ground in West Virginia and
interacting with survivors in a variety of ways to help them recover:



     FEMA specialists have attended more than 30 community organization events
in West Virginia to discuss and answer questions about federal disaster
assistance.



     More than 9,100 survivors have visited 15 Disaster Recovery Centers (DRCs).
The first centers opened three days after the presidential disaster declaration.




     More than 7,100 FEMA housing inspections have been completed.



     FEMA disaster survivor assistance specialists canvassed the affected
communities to encourage survivors to register for help, provide recovery
information and listen to their concerns.



     Free consultations on building hazard-resistant homes have been given to
more than 2,800 survivors at DRCs and more than 5,300 at West Virginia home
improvement stores.



 The West Virginia Chief Recovery Officer, Maj. Gen. James Hoyer of the National
Guard; the West Virginia State Disaster Recovery Officer, Keith Burdette, who is
Secretary of Commerce for the State of West Virginia; and Federal Disaster
Recovery Coordinator Kevin Snyder are coordinating a team of state and federal
disaster recovery specialists to restore, redevelop, revitalize and better
prepare affected communities.



 Recovery has significantly progressed because of voluntary, faith and community
-based groups that are donating their time and skills to help survivors muck
out, repair and rebuild their homes. These groups are always the first and last
presence to help disaster survivors recover.



 Whole community partners continue to collaborate to find solutions to enable
West Virginia's recovery and will be here as long as it takes.



 Registering with FEMA is the first step in qualifying for assistance. Sept. 7
is the last day for survivors to file an application. FEMA encourages all
survivors who sustained disaster-related damage or losses to apply by phone
(voice, 711 or relay service) at 800-621-3362 (TTY users should call
800-462-7585) or online at DisasterAssistance.gov. The toll-free lines are open
7 a.m. to 10 p.m. EDT seven days a week. Multilingual operators are available.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              895 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                      July 17, 2004 Saturday Final Edition

Peterborough remains under water: Cleanup slowly proceeds as offers of aid
follow damaging storm

SOURCE: The Canadian Press

BYLINE: Maria Babbage

SECTION: News; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 568 words

DATELINE: PETERBOROUGH, Ont.

PETERBOROUGH, Ont. - A state of emergency in this flood-ravaged central Ontario
community was extended to a second day Friday as emergency crews continued
cleanup efforts and Premier Dalton McGuinty visited the devastated area where
city officials were pleading for financial help.

"There's a lot of need in Peterborough certainly for financial assistance at all
levels," Mayor Sylvia Sutherland told a noon news conference.

"It's critically important from the point of view of the public infrastructure
and from the point of view of individuals."

Many individuals have either limited or no flood insurance. Business losses
could tally into the "millions of dollars," she added.

Fire Chief Lee Grant said lifting the state of emergency will largely depend on
how well the cleanup progresses and how quickly electricity can be restored
throughout the city.

Although no injuries have been reported in the flooding, between 700 and 800
basements remained flooded and at least 500 customers were without electricity
early Friday.

McGuinty, who had been on vacation with his family in Ottawa, made the decision
to go to the flooded city after he talked with both Community Safety Minister
Monte Kwinter and Sutherland late Thursday, a spokesman said.

Sutherland said McGuinty called her late Thursday to say he would do anything he
could to assist with compensation. She added that the area MP, Peter Adams, also
was in Peterborough on Thursday to inspect the damage, and she would be in touch
with officials in Ottawa "in due course."

The area had been bracing for another heavy rainfall overnight, but it never
arrived.

"We really dodged a bullet," said Dr. James Young, the province's commissioner
of emergency management.

Just more than 24 hours earlier, Peterborough had been hit with more than 150
millimetres of rain, putting about one-third of the city under water after
sewers backed up and Dawson Creek overflowed.

The same weather system originated in Western Canada last week, pelting

Edmonton with hail. It is slowly working its way east into Quebec and to the
Maritimes.

Businesses through much of Peterborough were shut down after the storm hit early
Thursday, but most were starting to reopen Friday.

About 225 people stayed in emergency shelters overnight because their homes were
too waterlogged to allow them in, and many were still relying on outside
accommodations Friday.

Cindy Gagnon, 43, was among homeowners who've contacted their insurance
companies in hopes of getting compensated.

She couldn't estimate the financial damage to her family home, shared with her
husband and 13-year-old son, but said that despite the fact her entire basement
was largely a writeoff, things could have been worse.

"We're not hurt, we've got a lot of our stuff, and I was able to save my photo
albums and the things I really care about. I'm also grateful to still be in my
home."

Grant said draining basements and trying to restore hydro were priorities
Friday.The city's sewage treatment facilities were coming back on line, with
maximum water treatment expected by Friday evening.

Offers of help have come in from across Ontario, with Toronto sending
firefighters to help with the cleanup Friday, and Oshawa and Cobourg supplying
road crews. Scotiabank has donated $10,000 towards relief, with some money
already earmarked for the Red Cross and the Peterborough food bank.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Colour Photo: The Canadian Press; Children ride their bicycles through
water on a Peterborough, Ont., street Friday.; Colour Photo: The Canadian Press;
Mary Ann Meldrum surveys flood damage to a Peterborough road Friday.

TYPE: News

               Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              896 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            October 5, 2010 Tuesday

Montgomery County gets nearly $3.2M in HUD funds;
Communities will use money to create affordable housing, demolish eyesores.

BYLINE: By Joanne Huist Smith Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 395 words


DAYTON - Nearly $3.2 million in U. S. Department of Housing and Community
Development funds will flow into Montgomery County to produce more affordable
housing, demolish eyesores and provide emergency shelter.

U.S. Housing and Urban Development Secretary Shaun Donovan on Monday announced
that Montgomery County would receive just less than $2 million in Community
Development Block Grant (CDBG) funds, $80,774 in Emergency Shelter funds, and a
HOME grant (Home Investment Partnership Program) totaling $1.1 million.

Montgomery County administers CDBG funds on behalf of all Montgomery County
communities, except Dayton and Kettering. Committees review projects - submitted
by municipalities - and make recommendations to the Montgomery County Commission
for approval.

The CDBG awards for 2010 will be spread across 17 communities with projects
ranging from a $20,000 grant to Huber Heights for targeted code enforcement to
$139,165 for Butler Twp. for demolition of the former Rodeway Inn at the north
end of Miller Lane.

"It's an eyesore and it's dangerous," said Kim Lapensee, township administrator.

Vandals have stripped that building of plumbing, electrical wiring and its
heating and air conditioning systems.

The total demo cost is estimated at $268,400.

Lapensee said the township will speak with owner Howard Ducker to determine who
will pay the balance of the demolition cost.

Other major CDBG awards include $100,000 for the city of Riverside toward
reconstruction of Harshman Road, a project that will cost an estimated $1.6
million.

About $80,000 will go to Harrison Twp. toward demolition of structures on the
old American Carco site, 2800 Ontario Ave. The award represents about 16 percent
of the $489,060 total project cost.

Harrison Twp. has been working with the city of Dayton, Public Health - Dayton &
Montgomery County, the Ohio EPA and the Source Water Fund Board since 1993 on
remediating contamination found at the site.

Recommended awards for 2010 Emergency Shelter grants include $28,270 for
Daybreak Youth Shelter; Salvation Army Booth House $16,155; Homefull (formerly
The Other Place) $16,963; and the YWCA, $19,386.

Some of the recommended awards for HOME funding include $500,000 for the Dayton
Metropolitan Housing Authority and $151,190 for the Miami Valley Housing
Opportunities.

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-2362 or josmith@Dayton DailyNews.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              897 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 4, 2016 Monday

Grant-funded storage, microgrid project to test resiliency in public power city

LENGTH: 424  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: American Public Power Association has issued the following news
release:



 Eugene Water & Electric Board in Eugene, Oregon, plans to test energy storage
combined with a microgrid for resiliency and response during emergencies.





 The project received $295,000 in state and federal grants, according to a news
release from the Oregon Department of Energy.  Eugene developed the project,
called Grid Edge, to show how a public power utility can help increase
resiliency by providing electricity when transmission lines and power facilities
are down, ODOE said.



 The storage is powered by 125 kW of solar photovoltaic panels. ODEO said this
gives the added benefits of reduced emissions compared to traditional back-up
diesel generators. "In disasters such as earthquakes or floods, diverse
renewable power supplies can help provide critical services during response and
recovery," ODOE said in the news release.



 The project will provide power for three types of community infrastructure, a
Eugene utility official said -- a water and electricity emergency operations
hub, a water pump station, and a multi-agency communications site.



 "After a disaster, Oregonians will need reliable access to electricity, potable
water, and emergency communications," said Will Price, energy resources analyst
at the Eugene utility.



 Storage will be installed at  three sites in Eugene: 250 kilowatts/387
kilowatt-hours at the Roosevelt Operations Center facility, 125 kW/258 kWh at
the Blanton communications facility, and 125 kW/258 kWh at the Willamette water
pump station. The project totals 500 kW/900 kWh of energy storage.



 The grant is funded in part by the U.S. Department of Energy's Office of
Electricity Delivery and Energy Reliability which committed $250,000 to the
project. Oregon is partnering with the local cleantech incubator Oregon BEST to
award the additional $45,000. The Eugene utility is partnering with Powin Energy
and Green Energy Corp. on the project. Sandia National Laboratories is providing
technical assistance with support from the Clean Energy States Alliance, a
national nonprofit coalition of state and municipal clean energy funds working
with federal, regional, industry, and other stakeholders to promote clean energy
markets and technologies.



 "We have a very good team," said Imre Gyuk, program manager at DOE. "The
long-term benefits for Oregon, and indeed the entire industry, are outstanding."




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              898 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             January 2, 2009 Friday

Robert Buffalo Boy

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 915 words


FORT YATES - Robert Francis Buffalo Boy, 62, Fort Yates, passed away Dec. 27,
2008, at Medcenter One, Bismarck. Services will be held at 11 a.m. Monday, Jan.
5, at St. Peter's Catholic Church, Fort Yates, with Brother George Maufort
officiating. Burial will be in St. Peter's Catholic Church Cemetery, Fort Yates.

Visitation will be held Sunday from 1 to 3:30 p.m. at Perry Funeral Home,
Mandan, and will continue at 5 p.m. at A.J. Agard Memorial Building, Fort Yates,
with a wake/vigil/rosary service beginning at 7 p.m. Visitation continues one
hour prior to the service at the church.

Robert was born June 27, 1946, to Herbert and Jean (Huff) Buffalo Boy in Fort
Yates. He was raised in Cannon Ball and graduated from Standing Rock Community
High School on May 28, 1964. This same year, he was nominated for and won
homecoming king honors. He went on to McCormack Junior Business College in
Chicago and received an associate of arts degree in 1966.

Robert was drafted by the U.S. Army and served two tours in Vietnam from 1966 to
1968. He returned the second time because he didn't want his baby brother,
Tommy, to be in the service by himself. He received honors and was a highly
decorated veteran - receiving a National Defense Service Medal, Vietnam Service
Medal, Vietnam Campaign Medal, Combat Infantryman's Badge, Bronze Star,
Meritorious Unit Citation and Presidential Unit Citation.

Robert had various certificates in computers, emergency management, tank systems
management and NETA water systems. Robert had experience in writing grants and
proposals to various state and federal agencies. He also had 10 years experience
in construction and management.

Beginning in 1975, Robert worked in various positions for Standing Rock Sioux
Tribe. From 1975 to 1980, he was Tribal Work Experience Program director,
Emergency Foods and Medical Services director, social development planner,
Community Development Block Grant director, Nutrition for Elderly director, and
bookkeeper and data analyst. In February 1982, he was acting finance manager. In
August 1982-83, he was business development specialist; during this time, he was
one of the main people to secure funding for the first tribally-owned cable
television system.

In October 1983, he was CDBG jobs bill director, where he secured funding of
over $200,000 to hire 75 individuals for the weatherization and rehabilitation
for 243 low-income housing units. In August 1984, he was the CDBG administrator,
working closely with the eight districts in preparing grant applications.

In April 1987-90, he was coordinator for the Comprehensive Improvement
Assistance Program for the Housing Authority. This program was at the time in
jeopardy of losing its funding - Robert corrected the problems, applied and
received an additional $1.7 million over the next two years for additional
modernization, emergency and special purpose projects for the low-income housing
units throughout all eight districts. Also during this time, the first Force
Account Pilot construction project was started for the housing authority under
the CIAP program. This resulted in 17 full-time positions. Then, in January
1990, the CIAP program received an award from the Denver Region VIII, Office of
Indian Programs, for the successful administration and implementation of the
CIAP program. He was coordinator for the Municipal, Rural & Industrial Program
and executive director for Standing Rock Housing Authority.

From 1983 until 1993, he was a political appointee, working in various programs.
During this time, he also worked in the Tribal Rangeland Redevelopment Program
and was on various boards and committees - including the Tribal Building
Committee, which dedicated the Tribal Administration Building in 2003. He
retired from work with the Tribal EPA Office in 2007, after working in that area
since 1999.

Robert was a very intelligent man who was always needed in more than one place
at a time. He spent his spare time with his children, grandchildren and friends,
visiting and always telling his war stories. He was very courageous in his
children and grandchildren's eyes as he spoke, never bragging, about his recon
mission days. Our husband, father, grandfather, brother, uncle and cousin will
be deeply, greatly and sorely missed by all who knew him.

He is survived by his loving wife of 32 years, Kathy; three daughters, Nichole
(Merry) Brunelle, Whitney (Maynard) St. John Jr. and Jessica Buffalo Boy, all of
Fort Yates; three sons, Robert Murph Buffalo Boy, Nicholas Sheldon Buffalo Boy
and Julian Maximus Buffalo Boy, all of Fort Yates; six grandchildren, Spencer
Buffalo Boy, Jalisa, Hunter and Kadence St. John and Charles and Thomas Dunn,
all of Fort Yates; one sister, Roselyn Buffalo Boy, Fort Yates; one aunt, Gladys
Two Horses; one goddaughter, Darcie Blue Earth; and his nieces and nephews,
Kurt, Kelly, Kerry, Margo, Herbie, Kory, Jesse and Brad, Larry Jr., Bobby Jr.
and Prairie Rose.

Robert was preceded in death by his mother, Jean (Huff) Buffalo Boy; his father,
Herbert Buffalo Boy; one sister, Cheryl McLaughlin; three brothers, Larry
Buffalo Boy and Thomas and Tracy Buffalo Boy; his grandsons, Joshua Jay
"Oh-My-Gosh-Josh" Red Horn and Joseph Jeffery Hurley; one nephew, Thomas Buffalo
Boy; and his special friends, Phillip "Cowboy" Halsey, Gary "Murph" Murphy, Gary
"Ned" Netterville, Jerry Harrison, George Edwards, Louie Lynn Lawrence, Alfredo
Agard, Leanne Meyers and Bonita Good Iron.

Visit the guest book at

bismarcktribune.com

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2009 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              899 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             January 2, 2009 Friday

Robert

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 917 words


Buffalo Boy

FORT YATES - Robert Francis Buffalo Boy, 62, Fort Yates, passed away Dec. 27,
2008, at Medcenter One, Bismarck. Services will be held at 11 a.m. Monday, Jan.
5, at St. Peter's Catholic Church, Fort Yates, with Brother George Maufort
officiating. Burial will be in St. Peter's Catholic Church Cemetery, Fort Yates.

Visitation will be held Sunday from 1 to 3:30 p.m. at Perry Funeral Home,
Mandan, and will continue at 5 p.m. at A.J. Agard Memorial Building, Fort Yates,
with a wake/vigil/rosary service beginning at 7 p.m. Visitation continues one
hour prior to the service at the church.

Robert was born June 27, 1946, to Herbert and Jean (Huff) Buffalo Boy in Fort
Yates. He was raised in Cannon Ball and graduated from Standing Rock Community
High School on May 28, 1964. This same year, he was nominated for and won
homecoming king honors. He went on to McCormack Junior Business College in
Chicago and received an associate of arts degree in 1966.

Robert was drafted by the U.S. Army and served two tours in Vietnam from 1966 to
1968. He returned the second time because he didn't want his baby brother,
Tommy, to be in the service by himself. He received honors and was a highly
decorated veteran - receiving a National Defense Service Medal, Vietnam Service
Medal, Vietnam Campaign Medal, Combat Infantryman's Badge, Bronze Star,
Meritorious Unit Citation and Presidential Unit Citation.

Robert had various certificates in computers, emergency management, tank systems
management and NETA water systems. Robert had experience in writing grants and
proposals to various state and federal agencies. He also had 10 years experience
in construction and management.

Beginning in 1975, Robert worked in various positions for Standing Rock Sioux
Tribe. From 1975 to 1980, he was Tribal Work Experience Program director,
Emergency Foods and Medical Services director, social development planner,
Community Development Block Grant director, Nutrition for Elderly director, and
bookkeeper and data analyst. In February 1982, he was acting finance manager. In
August 1982-83, he was business development specialist; during this time, he was
one of the main people to secure funding for the first tribally-owned cable
television system.

In October 1983, he was CDBG jobs bill director, where he secured funding of
over $200,000 to hire 75 individuals for the weatherization and rehabilitation
for 243 low-income housing units. In August 1984, he was the CDBG administrator,
working closely with the eight districts in preparing grant applications.

In April 1987-90, he was coordinator for the Comprehensive Improvement
Assistance Program for the Housing Authority. This program was at the time in
jeopardy of losing its funding - Robert corrected the problems, applied and
received an additional $1.7 million over the next two years for additional
modernization, emergency and special purpose projects for the low-income housing
units throughout all eight districts. Also during this time, the first Force
Account Pilot construction project was started for the housing authority under
the CIAP program. This resulted in 17 full-time positions. Then, in January
1990, the CIAP program received an award from the Denver Region VIII, Office of
Indian Programs, for the successful administration and implementation of the
CIAP program. He was coordinator for the Municipal, Rural & Industrial Program
and executive director for Standing Rock Housing Authority.

From 1983 until 1993, he was a political appointee, working in various programs.
During this time, he also worked in the Tribal Rangeland Redevelopment Program
and was on various boards and committees - including the Tribal Building
Committee, which dedicated the Tribal Administration Building in 2003. He
retired from work with the Tribal EPA Office in 2007, after working in that area
since 1999.

Robert was a very intelligent man who was always needed in more than one place
at a time. He spent his spare time with his children, grandchildren and friends,
visiting and always telling his war stories. He was very courageous in his
children and grandchildren's eyes as he spoke, never bragging, about his recon
mission days. Our husband, father, grandfather, brother, uncle and cousin will
be deeply, greatly and sorely missed by all who knew him.

He is survived by his loving wife of 32 years, Kathy; three daughters, Nichole
(Merry) Brunelle, Whitney (Maynard) St. John Jr. and Jessica Buffalo Boy, all of
Fort Yates; three sons, Robert Murph Buffalo Boy, Nicholas Sheldon Buffalo Boy
and Julian Maximus Buffalo Boy, all of Fort Yates; six grandchildren, Spencer
Buffalo Boy, Jalisa, Hunter and Kadence St. John and Charles and Thomas Dunn,
all of Fort Yates; one sister, Roselyn Buffalo Boy, Fort Yates; one aunt, Gladys
Two Horses; one goddaughter, Darcie Blue Earth; and his nieces and nephews,
Kurt, Kelly, Kerry, Margo, Herbie, Kory, Jesse and Brad, Larry Jr., Bobby Jr.
and Prairie Rose.

Robert was preceded in death by his mother, Jean (Huff) Buffalo Boy; his father,
Herbert Buffalo Boy; one sister, Cheryl McLaughlin; three brothers, Larry
Buffalo Boy and Thomas and Tracy Buffalo Boy; his grandsons, Joshua Jay
"Oh-My-Gosh-Josh" Red Horn and Joseph Jeffery Hurley; one nephew, Thomas Buffalo
Boy; and his special friends, Phillip "Cowboy" Halsey, Gary "Murph" Murphy, Gary
"Ned" Netterville, Jerry Harrison, George Edwards, Louie Lynn Lawrence, Alfredo
Agard, Leanne Meyers and Bonita Good Iron.

Visit the guest book at

bismarcktribune.com

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2009 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              900 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                             July 6, 2006 Thursday
                                  EAST EDITION

All we eat gave its life;
It's not only lobsters who meet painful end

BYLINE: Anna L. Griffin

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 830 words


Lately, there's been some talk about banning the sale of live lobsters by some
supermarkets because of this idea of cruelty to animals.

My question is this - is the frozen lobster or canned lobster you're selling any
less cruel to the lobster?

I don't know what their answer to this may be, I can only speculate. My answer
is that one way or the other, that lobster had to die in order to be eaten.
Period.

Yes, I like lobster, although I really prefer crab cakes - but we're getting off
on a different subject here and I am really getting hungry while writing this
column.

Getting back to the lobster.

Yes, I like lobster, and I have placed a live lobster into a boiling pot of
water in order to eat it. There may be people who think this is cruel and if you
are one of them, my advice to you is to follow your conscience and don't do it.

The next time you're walking around the grocery store take a look around at the
shelves - from the vegetables in their little microwaveable pouches in the
frozen food section on down to the chickens in the meat case. All of it was
killed so you could eat it, as uncomfortable as you may be with that.

The Gardner Rotary Club recently presented $3,000 to the Mount Wachusett
Community College Foundation Inc. for student scholarships. The donation was
made possible from proceeds raised during the club's annual auction this spring,
which was broadcast live to the Gardner community by students in the college's
Broadcasting and Telecommunications program.

The Lunenburg Public Library, 1023 Massachusetts Ave., will offer a three-week
basic watercolor technique class. Learn to paint self-portraits and landscapes
from two very talented artists who are graduates of Lunenburg High School, Jeff
Desrosiers and Nathan DiPerri.

The class meets Monday and Wednesday nights from 6:30 to 8 p.m. beginning
Monday, July 10 and continues through July 26. Class size is limited to 12 and
participants must be age 13 and older. Registration is required. To register,
call (978) 582-4140.

The American Red Cross is holding a Babysitter's Training Class at Thayer
Memorial Library, 717 Main St., Lancaster, from 1 to 4 p.m. Wednesday, Aug. 2,
and Thursday, Aug. 3. Age requirement is 11 to 15 and there are no exceptions to
this rule. There is a $40 fee per pupil. For information or to register, call
(978) 368-8928, ext. 5.

The Lunenburg Town Band is holding its annual series of summer concerts Monday
evenings at the Town Common, Lunenburg center. The concerts will be held at 7:30
p.m. July 17, 24, 31 and Aug. 7. This is the band's 61st year playing for the
enjoyment of its listeners. It is directed by Steve Archambeault. The concerts
are free and open to the public.

The Massachusetts Salvation Army has announced that an Emergency Utility
Assistance Fund is available to help northeastern Massachusetts residents
impacted by last month's flooding with payment of their utility bills. To apply
for Emergency Utility Assistance, flood victims need to have a copy of an unpaid
utility bill and proof they have registered with the Department of Homeland
Security's Federal Emergency Management Agency. There are no income eligibility
requirements to qualify for this program.

"We've been overwhelmed by the urgency of need due to the massive flooding in
our state and thought that the Emergency Utility Assistance Fund was one more
way that the Salvation Army could help," said Col. Fred Van Brunt, Massachusetts
divisional commander for The Salvation Army. He said victims can apply for the
program even if they have received federal or state energy assistance or aid
through the Massachusetts Good Neighbor Fund.

For information on the Emergency Utility Assistance Fund and how to apply, visit
the Montachusett area Salvation Army Service Center, 739 Water St., Fitchburg,
or visit the Web site www.use.salvationarmy.org.

The Friends of Coggshall are again sponsoring a series of free concerts at
Coggshall Park, Fitchburg. The next concert will be held at 2 p.m. Sunday, July
9 and will feature The Andy Healy Show Band. The concerts are supported by the
Friends of Coggshall, Fitchburg Savings Bank and the Massachusetts Cultural
Commission.

Emmanuel College, Boston, recently announced the recipients of the Dean's List
awards for the spring 2006 semester. Students earning a grade point average of
3.5 or higher are named to the list. The following students from the region were
on the list: Laura L. Kazanjian of Fitchburg and Lindy M. Sontag and Joanna L.
Sullivan, both of Leominster.

Emmanuel College is a Catholic, co-educational liberal arts and sciences college
located in the center of Boston's academic, cultural, medical and scientific
communities.

Do you have an item for Montachusett People? We'd like to hear from you. Send
items to: Montachusett People, c/o The Montachusett T&G, 27 Monument Square,
Leominster, MA, 01453 or give us a call at (978) 840-0071. Items can also be
sent via fax to (978) 840-0669 or by e-mail to agriffin@telegram.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
The Gardner Rotary Club recently presented a $3,000 donation to Mount Wachusett
Community College. From left, Eleanor Fox, president of the Gardner Rotary Club;
Andrew Boucher, chairman of the Rotary Club's annual auction; Darlene Morrilly,
executive director of the MWCC Foundation; and Jim Garrison, MWCC trustee.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              901 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                     October 13, 2011 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Pennsylvania American Water Extends Social Media Campaign to Benefit Low-Income
Assistance Program

LENGTH: 419  words


New Delhi, Oct. 13 -- Pennsylvania American Water issued the following news
release:

Due to the success of its social media campaign, Pennsylvania American Water
announced today that it has extended the offer through Thanksgiving (November
24) to donate one dollar to the Help to Others (H2O) Program for every new fan
or follower on Facebook and Twitter. So far, the campaign has raised
approximately $500 for the low-income assistance program.

"Since we launched the campaign on September 1, we've seen our Facebook fans
more than double," said Terry Maenza, Pennsylvania American Water director of
communications and external affairs. "With many people facing tough economic
times, we hope that extending the campaign will encourage more customers and
stakeholders to connect with us, and at the same time, generate more financial
support for the H2O Program."

He added that during the recent floods in central, northeast and southeast
Pennsylvania, Pennsylvania American Water was able to engage with customers
through Facebook and Twitter to share critical information in real time.

To join, visit the company's social media sites at www.twitter.com/paamwater and
www.facebook.com/pennsylvaniaamwater. You can also view a brief video about this
special campaign on YouTube by clicking http://youtu.be/StxxlTSROjw. Donations
will be limited to the first 2,000 people who sign up.

Pennsylvania American Water's Facebook and Twitter pages provide real-time
information, as well as:

* Water emergency and boil water advisories.

* Updates on water and wastewater construction projects.

* Information on customer programs, community events and environmental
initiatives.

* Conservation and watershed protection tips.

For almost 20 years, Pennsylvania American Water has been assisting low-income
customers who qualify through its H2O Program. The program offers qualified
recipients grants of up to $500 per year, a 65-percent discount on the monthly
service fee, and water-saving devices and education.

In 2010, Pennsylvania American Water provided $327,000 in assistance grants to
help customers pay their water bill. Grants are funded through a corporate
match, customer contributions, employee donations and other fundraising
activities. In 2010, Pennsylvania American Water increased its corporate match
to $250,000 per year.

For more information, or to see if you qualify, please contact Pennsylvania
American Water's program administrator, Dollar Energy Fund, toll free at
1-888-282-6816.

Source: Pennsylvania American Water

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2011 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              902 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           February 11, 2014 Tuesday

Dems introduce drought bill

BYLINE: By Josh Richman jrichman@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1228 words


California's and Oregon's Democratic senators offered a drought relief bill
Tuesday that stands in stark contrast to the Republican bill the House approved
last week, setting up a tough battle when lawmakers eventually try to merge the
two.

The Senate bill would grant $300 million in emergency aid and require federal
agencies to do all they can to boost water supplies, while the GOP bill focuses
more on lifting environmental restrictions to allow more water to be pumped from
the Delta south to Central Valley farms.

The stakes grow higher as water levels recede. Recent rains made no significant
dent in California's huge water deficit, leaving the state still looking at its
worst drought in more than half a century. The Golden State's $45 billion
agricultural sector is at risk of devastation, some smaller water districts
might run dry in the next few months, and delicate ecosystems hang in the
balance.

President Barack Obama will speak about drought relief Friday in Fresno, most
likely with the Democratic bill as rhetorical fodder. Obama, like California
leaders and House Democrats, had blasted the House GOP bill as a water grab for
agriculture at the environment's expense and a political power play that would
undermine years of difficult negotiations. Agricultural and environmental groups
alike praised the senators' bill Tuesday, if only as a first step.

"This bill provides operational flexibility to increase water supplies and
primes federal agencies to make the best use of any additional rain," Sen.
Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., said in a news release. "With so little water
available, we must focus on streamlining federal programs and provide what
assistance we can to those farmers and communities being hit the hardest."

But House Republican Whip Kevin McCarthy, of Bakersfield, issued a statement
saying the Senate bill "disappointingly focuses mainly on treating the symptoms
of fallowed fields and dry spigots instead of taking steps toward curing the
root of the problem so that our communities can receive more water.

"The problem that must be solved is our communities' ability to capture and
store the water that they have contracted and paid for," McCarthy said.
"Californians are interested in a serious conversation to end the madness of our
man-made water crisis."

In a joint statement, six Northern California House Democrats said the Senate
measure was a huge improvement but still threatened the region's environment,
economy and protections for endangered fish.

The Senate bill includes $100 million in emergency funds for Interior Department
projects to rapidly increase water supplies and $100 million in emergency aid
for farmers to fund water conservation measures protecting lands and sensitive
watersheds.

There's also $25 million for conservation projects and to protect and upgrade
water systems; $25 million for community anti-drought projects; $25 million for
public and nonprofit institutions to aid low-income migrant and seasonal
farmworkers directly harmed by the drought; and $25 million for private forest
landowners to carry out conservation measures.

Spending aside, the bill would require the Interior and Commerce departments to
work with California to maximize water supplies by keeping a key Delta facility
open as long as possible without harming salmon fisheries; allow as much Delta
pumping as possible without harming the Delta smelt; and let water districts
sell or trade surplus supply to drier districts through the Delta.

It also would amend federal law to give more individual emergency aid for major
droughts when the president declares an emergency; require a federal ruling
within 10 days of a state's request on projects and operations that can provide
additional water supply; and more.

The Democrats' bill will require agencies to help relieve communities "hardest
hit by this unprecedented drought and make investments to move and conserve
water to help our entire state," said Sen. Barbara Boxer, D-Calif. "The goal of
this bill is to bring us together to address this crisis, rather than divide
us."

That was a dig at the House Republican bill, which critics said benefits
agriculture at the expense of the environment and ordinary Californians.

Western Growers President and CEO Tom Nassif said the Senate should take up and
pass the bill as soon as possible "so it can move quickly to a conference with
the House bill passed last week."

"If reasonable accommodation can be made between the two and merged into a
single bill in a bipartisan effort, benefits can be realized by all California
water users," Nassif said.

Environmentalists want to see as little of the House bill as possible included
in the final legislation. One key environmental attorney praised the senators'
recognition that "it is lack of rain, and not environmental protections, that is
the cause of the current situation."

Complying with existing state and federal law is the right approach, said Kate
Poole, senior attorney with the Natural Resources Defense Council, but her group
wants to make sure "there are no unintended consequences that might unfairly
shift the burdens of the drought onto one set of water users at the expense of
another."

Gov. Jerry Brown's administration, which had lambasted the House GOP bill as
undermining the state's right to address its water needs and years of bipartisan
collaboration, also praised the senators' bill Tuesday. California Natural
Resources Secretary John Laird said it offers "common sense solutions to our
drought crisis that don't pit Californians against each other."

"It's clear that the senators respect our state laws and regulations, and this
bill reinforces actions the state is taking with our federal partners," he said.

Josh Richman covers politics. Contact him at 510-208-6428. Follow him
atTwitter.com/josh_richman . Read the Political Blotter atIBAbuzz.com/politics
.what they're saying
About the Senate Democrats' water bill
"This bill provides operational flexibility to increase water supplies and
primes federal agencies to make the best use of any additional rain. With so
little water available, we must focus on streamlining federal programs and
provide what assistance we can to those farmers and communities being hit the
hardest."
-- Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif.

"Unfortunately, this proposal disappointingly focuses mainly on treating the
symptoms of fallowed fields and dry spigots instead of taking steps toward
curing the root of the problem so that our communities can receive more water.
The problem that must be solved is our communities' ability to capture and store
the water that they have contracted and paid for. c Californians are interested
in a serious conversation to end the madness of our man-made water crisis"
-- House Majority Whip Kevin McCarthy, R-Bakersfield

"Our bill will require all agencies to use their existing authority to help
provide relief to communities hardest hit by this unprecedented drought and make
investments to move and conserve water to help our entire state. The goal of
this bill is to bring us together to address this crisis, rather than divide
us."
-- Sen. Barbara Boxer, D-Calif.

"California, especially the San Joaquin Valley, has been suffering from drought
conditions severely exacerbated by erroneous federal regulations for several
years. c "
-- Rep. David Valadao, R-Hanford, author of last week's House bill

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              903 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             August 30, 2013 Friday

Water Street homeowners celebrate buyouts

BYLINE: By CHRIS MAYS / Reformer Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1025 words


JAMAICA -- Former Water Street homeowner David Kaneshiro is celebrating the
second year anniversary of Tropical Storm Irene, only because it was the same
week that the Selectboard approved the buyout agreement.

"I wouldn't celebrate the disaster or anything like that," he said. "It just so
happened to be the same week as Irene, within days of it. It's an interesting
circumstance."

Kaneshiro said it was a relief when the board voted in favor of the former
homeowners on Aug. 26.

"We're so used to being denied," he said. "It's like a feeling of being
acquitted. You watch these trials on TV that go on and on. When the person's
acquitted, everyone's so relieved. I felt the same way."

Before the Selectboard voted to enter into an agreement as subgrantee with Two
Rivers-Outtaquechee Regional Commission, the board had postponed making a
decision.

On July 24, Vermont Legal Aid Jessica Radbord told the board to give her two
weeks to come up with a memo for the town attorney that would ensure that the
Selectboard wasn't setting itself up for future lawsuits.

Selectboard member Paul Fraser was concerned that if the board approved the
buyouts, they'd set a precedent that would make future selectboards susceptible
to uninsured homeowners in similar disasters.

"She was backing us up," said Kaneshiro of Radbord. "She got together with the
town attorney and got that information across, so there wouldn't be a lot of
confusion at the next meeting."

Between the two Selectboard meetings, Radbord advised the former homeowners to
approach the situation quietly.

"I noticed that not only were there emotional outbursts but the board was
becoming defensive rather than definitive," Kaneshiro said of the July meeting.
"You're not going to resolve any type of situation that way."

During that meeting, the Selectboard met with the former Water Street homeowners
and the regional commission's Grant Administrator Bob Ennis to discuss the
possibility of the buyouts. The regional commission had been working to come up
with state funding for the buyouts since the properties were deemed ineligible
for FEMA's Hazard Mitigation Grant Program.

Fraser had mentioned the precedence issue as well as FEMA's decision to change
regulations to include second homeowners in the HMGP guidelines.

While Radbord came up with a legal solution for protecting the town from future
lawsuits, the former homeowners waited until the next meeting. Kaneshiro had
talked to several members of the community while visiting town. When they asked
him how things were going, he told them to go to the next meeting.

After the two lawyers met, the Selectboard made its final decision in favor of
the former homeowners. The decision was met with applause from over 30 members
of community who had come in support of the Water Street buyouts.

"At the end, I thought both sides, including the audience, were very cordial,"
said Kaneshiro. "We were all very relieved that we don't have to deal with the
bump in the road. The light at the end of the tunnel that was turned off by FEMA
was turned back on by the state."

Selectboard Chairwoman Lexa Clark read a letter aloud to those gathered at the
meeting. She said it would be the board's role to make sure the project moves
forward in a timely manner.

"This is a very emotional issue to many involved. We can't ignore our
responsibility to fulfill our primary objective to help the town mitigate future
flood risks. I think we heard the concerns on all sides and agonized over the
decision," said Clark. "It is the duty of the Selectboard to make the right
decision."

Kaneshiro had been living in Jamaica since 1975. He has known many of the
residents and said their support at the last Selectboard meeting showed the
general concern of the people for their neighbors.

"In a little country town like that, it's good to know when the people are
concerned, they will get involved, even if they just sit there and listen," said
Kaneshiro.

Not only in the buyout circumstances did the support of the community prevail.

Shortly after Irene hit, Selectboard member Judy Flower and her husband Ed
Flower organized post-Irene support group meetings for those who affected by the
storm.

Kaneshiro recalled the assistance following the day of Irene, which included the
owners of D & K's Grocery on Route 30. Red Cross and the Salvation Army set up
stations in the Jamaica Community Church. The Three Mountain Inn had a
headquarters for a FEMA control center, where the Jamaica Fire Department
temporarily worked out of, along with other emergency responders.

"The town itself jumped right in. It was just amazing for a little town like
Jamaica. Everyone jumped," said Kaneshiro.

Selectboard member Andy Coyne had recused himself from the buyout vote because
he still lives on Water Street. During the storm, he was the appointed health
officer for the town. He was telling the homeowners they couldn't go into their
homes.

Kaneshiro told the Reformer his biggest support now is Elizabeth McEwen. She is
his disaster case manager assigned by Southeastern Vermont Community Action.

"She's still a big help with getting organizations together and making sure I
didn't skip anything," he said.

Kaneshiro thinks the approximate date for closing on the buyout is sometime
between November and December. The town will be completing paperwork and legal
procedures for the buyout to be processed.

"You never know how things are going to turn out," said Kaneshiro. "That's the
end of that chapter I guess you can say and a new chapter starts."

He is hopeful that things keep going in the same direction and that he'll have
enough money to own another home again by the spring. The plan is to continue
staying focused on doing his part by filling in the paperwork.

Other organizations have mentioned that financial assistance will likely follow
closing on the buyouts.

"Everything is 75 percent," said Kaneshiro. So some of the organizations are
standing by to help with the balancing 25. They can't do anything until they
have that settlement. It's just a matter of time."

Chris Mays can be reached at 802-254-2311, ext. 273, orcmays@reformer.com .
Follow Chris on Twitter @CMaysReformer.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: This composite panorama shows the flood damage on Water Street in
Jamaica just following the floods caused by TropicalStorm Irene, in August 2011.
(Reformer file photo)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              904 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 21, 2016 Wednesday

North Carolina: Governor McCrory Signs Disaster Recovery Act of 2016

LENGTH: 405  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Office of the Governor, North Carolina has isasued the following
news release:





    Governor Pat McCrory signed the Disaster Recovery Act of 2016 into law
today, providing $201 million to help citizens and communities recover from
Hurricane Matthew and wildfires. The governor was joined at the Executive
Mansion by legislators, mayors, county commissioners, members of the governor's
Hurricane Matthew Recovery Committee and N.C. Emergency Management Director Mike
Sprayberry.





    "Since Hurricane Matthew and wildfires have impacted our state, we have
learned valuable lessons for the future and listened to the needs of those still
suffering," said Governor McCrory. "This bill will provide some immediate
assistance to citizens as they recover, especially during the Christmas holidays
and winter months. This is the first step in long-term recovery efforts."



    The Disaster Recovery Act addresses five key areas Governor McCrory outlined
in his request and provides:


     $29 million for short-term housing for areas not covered by FEMA and grants
for rental assistance, construction of new rental units and repairs;

     $40 million for local governments to address school calendar flexibility
and help fund repairs to water/sewer, road, sidewalk, drainage and residential
infrastructure, among other local needs;

     $5 million for economic development and stabilization to help impacted
businesses get back on their feet;

     $11.5 million for planning to ensure communities are rebuilt in a
sustainable way;

     And $76 million to cover the state share of Disaster Relief to directly
help our citizens and replenish the State Emergency Response and Disaster Relief
fund to ensure North Carolina is prepared for the next disaster.


    This bill also includes $38 million for the N.C. Department of Agriculture
to cover costs from wildfires and Hurricane Matthew, and $1 million to support
volunteer fire departments.



    Governor McCrory has hailed North Carolina's strong economy and responsible
budgeting practices for allowing the state to respond to these disasters. During
the ceremony, the governor discussed numerous lessons the state learned
throughout the response to Hurricane Matthew and wildfires in western North
Carolina.








 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              905 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 21, 2016 Wednesday

North Carolina: Governor McCrory Signs Disaster Recovery Act of 2016

LENGTH: 405  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Office of the Governor, North Carolina has isasued the following
news release:





    Governor Pat McCrory signed the Disaster Recovery Act of 2016 into law
today, providing $201 million to help citizens and communities recover from
Hurricane Matthew and wildfires. The governor was joined at the Executive
Mansion by legislators, mayors, county commissioners, members of the governor's
Hurricane Matthew Recovery Committee and N.C. Emergency Management Director Mike
Sprayberry.





    "Since Hurricane Matthew and wildfires have impacted our state, we have
learned valuable lessons for the future and listened to the needs of those still
suffering," said Governor McCrory. "This bill will provide some immediate
assistance to citizens as they recover, especially during the Christmas holidays
and winter months. This is the first step in long-term recovery efforts."



    The Disaster Recovery Act addresses five key areas Governor McCrory outlined
in his request and provides:


     $29 million for short-term housing for areas not covered by FEMA and grants
for rental assistance, construction of new rental units and repairs;

     $40 million for local governments to address school calendar flexibility
and help fund repairs to water/sewer, road, sidewalk, drainage and residential
infrastructure, among other local needs;

     $5 million for economic development and stabilization to help impacted
businesses get back on their feet;

     $11.5 million for planning to ensure communities are rebuilt in a
sustainable way;

     And $76 million to cover the state share of Disaster Relief to directly
help our citizens and replenish the State Emergency Response and Disaster Relief
fund to ensure North Carolina is prepared for the next disaster.


    This bill also includes $38 million for the N.C. Department of Agriculture
to cover costs from wildfires and Hurricane Matthew, and $1 million to support
volunteer fire departments.



    Governor McCrory has hailed North Carolina's strong economy and responsible
budgeting practices for allowing the state to respond to these disasters. During
the ceremony, the governor discussed numerous lessons the state learned
throughout the response to Hurricane Matthew and wildfires in western North
Carolina.








 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              906 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 20, 2016 Tuesday

North Carolina: Governor McCrory Signs Disaster Recovery Act of 2016

LENGTH: 405  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Office of the Governor, North Carolina has isasued the following
news release:





    Governor Pat McCrory signed the Disaster Recovery Act of 2016 into law
today, providing $201 million to help citizens and communities recover from
Hurricane Matthew and wildfires. The governor was joined at the Executive
Mansion by legislators, mayors, county commissioners, members of the governor's
Hurricane Matthew Recovery Committee and N.C. Emergency Management Director Mike
Sprayberry.





    "Since Hurricane Matthew and wildfires have impacted our state, we have
learned valuable lessons for the future and listened to the needs of those still
suffering," said Governor McCrory. "This bill will provide some immediate
assistance to citizens as they recover, especially during the Christmas holidays
and winter months. This is the first step in long-term recovery efforts."



    The Disaster Recovery Act addresses five key areas Governor McCrory outlined
in his request and provides:


     $29 million for short-term housing for areas not covered by FEMA and grants
for rental assistance, construction of new rental units and repairs;

     $40 million for local governments to address school calendar flexibility
and help fund repairs to water/sewer, road, sidewalk, drainage and residential
infrastructure, among other local needs;

     $5 million for economic development and stabilization to help impacted
businesses get back on their feet;

     $11.5 million for planning to ensure communities are rebuilt in a
sustainable way;

     And $76 million to cover the state share of Disaster Relief to directly
help our citizens and replenish the State Emergency Response and Disaster Relief
fund to ensure North Carolina is prepared for the next disaster.


    This bill also includes $38 million for the N.C. Department of Agriculture
to cover costs from wildfires and Hurricane Matthew, and $1 million to support
volunteer fire departments.



    Governor McCrory has hailed North Carolina's strong economy and responsible
budgeting practices for allowing the state to respond to these disasters. During
the ceremony, the governor discussed numerous lessons the state learned
throughout the response to Hurricane Matthew and wildfires in western North
Carolina.








 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              907 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 20, 2016 Tuesday

North Carolina: Governor McCrory Signs Disaster Recovery Act of 2016

LENGTH: 405  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Office of the Governor, North Carolina has isasued the following
news release:





    Governor Pat McCrory signed the Disaster Recovery Act of 2016 into law
today, providing $201 million to help citizens and communities recover from
Hurricane Matthew and wildfires. The governor was joined at the Executive
Mansion by legislators, mayors, county commissioners, members of the governor's
Hurricane Matthew Recovery Committee and N.C. Emergency Management Director Mike
Sprayberry.





    "Since Hurricane Matthew and wildfires have impacted our state, we have
learned valuable lessons for the future and listened to the needs of those still
suffering," said Governor McCrory. "This bill will provide some immediate
assistance to citizens as they recover, especially during the Christmas holidays
and winter months. This is the first step in long-term recovery efforts."



    The Disaster Recovery Act addresses five key areas Governor McCrory outlined
in his request and provides:


     $29 million for short-term housing for areas not covered by FEMA and grants
for rental assistance, construction of new rental units and repairs;

     $40 million for local governments to address school calendar flexibility
and help fund repairs to water/sewer, road, sidewalk, drainage and residential
infrastructure, among other local needs;

     $5 million for economic development and stabilization to help impacted
businesses get back on their feet;

     $11.5 million for planning to ensure communities are rebuilt in a
sustainable way;

     And $76 million to cover the state share of Disaster Relief to directly
help our citizens and replenish the State Emergency Response and Disaster Relief
fund to ensure North Carolina is prepared for the next disaster.


    This bill also includes $38 million for the N.C. Department of Agriculture
to cover costs from wildfires and Hurricane Matthew, and $1 million to support
volunteer fire departments.



    Governor McCrory has hailed North Carolina's strong economy and responsible
budgeting practices for allowing the state to respond to these disasters. During
the ceremony, the governor discussed numerous lessons the state learned
throughout the response to Hurricane Matthew and wildfires in western North
Carolina.








 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              908 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 19, 2016 Monday

North Carolina: Governor McCrory Signs Disaster Recovery Act of 2016

LENGTH: 405  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Office of the Governor, North Carolina has isasued the following
news release:





    Governor Pat McCrory signed the Disaster Recovery Act of 2016 into law
today, providing $201 million to help citizens and communities recover from
Hurricane Matthew and wildfires. The governor was joined at the Executive
Mansion by legislators, mayors, county commissioners, members of the governor's
Hurricane Matthew Recovery Committee and N.C. Emergency Management Director Mike
Sprayberry.





    "Since Hurricane Matthew and wildfires have impacted our state, we have
learned valuable lessons for the future and listened to the needs of those still
suffering," said Governor McCrory. "This bill will provide some immediate
assistance to citizens as they recover, especially during the Christmas holidays
and winter months. This is the first step in long-term recovery efforts."



    The Disaster Recovery Act addresses five key areas Governor McCrory outlined
in his request and provides:


     $29 million for short-term housing for areas not covered by FEMA and grants
for rental assistance, construction of new rental units and repairs;

     $40 million for local governments to address school calendar flexibility
and help fund repairs to water/sewer, road, sidewalk, drainage and residential
infrastructure, among other local needs;

     $5 million for economic development and stabilization to help impacted
businesses get back on their feet;

     $11.5 million for planning to ensure communities are rebuilt in a
sustainable way;

     And $76 million to cover the state share of Disaster Relief to directly
help our citizens and replenish the State Emergency Response and Disaster Relief
fund to ensure North Carolina is prepared for the next disaster.


    This bill also includes $38 million for the N.C. Department of Agriculture
to cover costs from wildfires and Hurricane Matthew, and $1 million to support
volunteer fire departments.



    Governor McCrory has hailed North Carolina's strong economy and responsible
budgeting practices for allowing the state to respond to these disasters. During
the ceremony, the governor discussed numerous lessons the state learned
throughout the response to Hurricane Matthew and wildfires in western North
Carolina.








 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              909 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 19, 2016 Monday

North Carolina: Governor McCrory Signs Disaster Recovery Act of 2016

LENGTH: 405  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Office of the Governor, North Carolina has isasued the following
news release:





    Governor Pat McCrory signed the Disaster Recovery Act of 2016 into law
today, providing $201 million to help citizens and communities recover from
Hurricane Matthew and wildfires. The governor was joined at the Executive
Mansion by legislators, mayors, county commissioners, members of the governor's
Hurricane Matthew Recovery Committee and N.C. Emergency Management Director Mike
Sprayberry.





    "Since Hurricane Matthew and wildfires have impacted our state, we have
learned valuable lessons for the future and listened to the needs of those still
suffering," said Governor McCrory. "This bill will provide some immediate
assistance to citizens as they recover, especially during the Christmas holidays
and winter months. This is the first step in long-term recovery efforts."



    The Disaster Recovery Act addresses five key areas Governor McCrory outlined
in his request and provides:


     $29 million for short-term housing for areas not covered by FEMA and grants
for rental assistance, construction of new rental units and repairs;

     $40 million for local governments to address school calendar flexibility
and help fund repairs to water/sewer, road, sidewalk, drainage and residential
infrastructure, among other local needs;

     $5 million for economic development and stabilization to help impacted
businesses get back on their feet;

     $11.5 million for planning to ensure communities are rebuilt in a
sustainable way;

     And $76 million to cover the state share of Disaster Relief to directly
help our citizens and replenish the State Emergency Response and Disaster Relief
fund to ensure North Carolina is prepared for the next disaster.


    This bill also includes $38 million for the N.C. Department of Agriculture
to cover costs from wildfires and Hurricane Matthew, and $1 million to support
volunteer fire departments.



    Governor McCrory has hailed North Carolina's strong economy and responsible
budgeting practices for allowing the state to respond to these disasters. During
the ceremony, the governor discussed numerous lessons the state learned
throughout the response to Hurricane Matthew and wildfires in western North
Carolina.








 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              910 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 17, 2016 Saturday

North Carolina: Governor McCrory Signs Disaster Recovery Act of 2016

LENGTH: 405  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Office of the Governor, North Carolina has isasued the following
news release:





    Governor Pat McCrory signed the Disaster Recovery Act of 2016 into law
today, providing $201 million to help citizens and communities recover from
Hurricane Matthew and wildfires. The governor was joined at the Executive
Mansion by legislators, mayors, county commissioners, members of the governor's
Hurricane Matthew Recovery Committee and N.C. Emergency Management Director Mike
Sprayberry.





    "Since Hurricane Matthew and wildfires have impacted our state, we have
learned valuable lessons for the future and listened to the needs of those still
suffering," said Governor McCrory. "This bill will provide some immediate
assistance to citizens as they recover, especially during the Christmas holidays
and winter months. This is the first step in long-term recovery efforts."



    The Disaster Recovery Act addresses five key areas Governor McCrory outlined
in his request and provides:


     $29 million for short-term housing for areas not covered by FEMA and grants
for rental assistance, construction of new rental units and repairs;

     $40 million for local governments to address school calendar flexibility
and help fund repairs to water/sewer, road, sidewalk, drainage and residential
infrastructure, among other local needs;

     $5 million for economic development and stabilization to help impacted
businesses get back on their feet;

     $11.5 million for planning to ensure communities are rebuilt in a
sustainable way;

     And $76 million to cover the state share of Disaster Relief to directly
help our citizens and replenish the State Emergency Response and Disaster Relief
fund to ensure North Carolina is prepared for the next disaster.


    This bill also includes $38 million for the N.C. Department of Agriculture
to cover costs from wildfires and Hurricane Matthew, and $1 million to support
volunteer fire departments.



    Governor McCrory has hailed North Carolina's strong economy and responsible
budgeting practices for allowing the state to respond to these disasters. During
the ceremony, the governor discussed numerous lessons the state learned
throughout the response to Hurricane Matthew and wildfires in western North
Carolina.








 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              911 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 17, 2016 Saturday

North Carolina: Governor McCrory Signs Disaster Recovery Act of 2016

LENGTH: 405  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Office of the Governor, North Carolina has isasued the following
news release:





    Governor Pat McCrory signed the Disaster Recovery Act of 2016 into law
today, providing $201 million to help citizens and communities recover from
Hurricane Matthew and wildfires. The governor was joined at the Executive
Mansion by legislators, mayors, county commissioners, members of the governor's
Hurricane Matthew Recovery Committee and N.C. Emergency Management Director Mike
Sprayberry.





    "Since Hurricane Matthew and wildfires have impacted our state, we have
learned valuable lessons for the future and listened to the needs of those still
suffering," said Governor McCrory. "This bill will provide some immediate
assistance to citizens as they recover, especially during the Christmas holidays
and winter months. This is the first step in long-term recovery efforts."



    The Disaster Recovery Act addresses five key areas Governor McCrory outlined
in his request and provides:


     $29 million for short-term housing for areas not covered by FEMA and grants
for rental assistance, construction of new rental units and repairs;

     $40 million for local governments to address school calendar flexibility
and help fund repairs to water/sewer, road, sidewalk, drainage and residential
infrastructure, among other local needs;

     $5 million for economic development and stabilization to help impacted
businesses get back on their feet;

     $11.5 million for planning to ensure communities are rebuilt in a
sustainable way;

     And $76 million to cover the state share of Disaster Relief to directly
help our citizens and replenish the State Emergency Response and Disaster Relief
fund to ensure North Carolina is prepared for the next disaster.


    This bill also includes $38 million for the N.C. Department of Agriculture
to cover costs from wildfires and Hurricane Matthew, and $1 million to support
volunteer fire departments.



    Governor McCrory has hailed North Carolina's strong economy and responsible
budgeting practices for allowing the state to respond to these disasters. During
the ceremony, the governor discussed numerous lessons the state learned
throughout the response to Hurricane Matthew and wildfires in western North
Carolina.








 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              912 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 16, 2016 Friday

North Carolina: Governor McCrory Signs Disaster Recovery Act of 2016

LENGTH: 405  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Office of the Governor, North Carolina has isasued the following
news release:





    Governor Pat McCrory signed the Disaster Recovery Act of 2016 into law
today, providing $201 million to help citizens and communities recover from
Hurricane Matthew and wildfires. The governor was joined at the Executive
Mansion by legislators, mayors, county commissioners, members of the governor's
Hurricane Matthew Recovery Committee and N.C. Emergency Management Director Mike
Sprayberry.





    "Since Hurricane Matthew and wildfires have impacted our state, we have
learned valuable lessons for the future and listened to the needs of those still
suffering," said Governor McCrory. "This bill will provide some immediate
assistance to citizens as they recover, especially during the Christmas holidays
and winter months. This is the first step in long-term recovery efforts."



    The Disaster Recovery Act addresses five key areas Governor McCrory outlined
in his request and provides:


     $29 million for short-term housing for areas not covered by FEMA and grants
for rental assistance, construction of new rental units and repairs;

     $40 million for local governments to address school calendar flexibility
and help fund repairs to water/sewer, road, sidewalk, drainage and residential
infrastructure, among other local needs;

     $5 million for economic development and stabilization to help impacted
businesses get back on their feet;

     $11.5 million for planning to ensure communities are rebuilt in a
sustainable way;

     And $76 million to cover the state share of Disaster Relief to directly
help our citizens and replenish the State Emergency Response and Disaster Relief
fund to ensure North Carolina is prepared for the next disaster.


    This bill also includes $38 million for the N.C. Department of Agriculture
to cover costs from wildfires and Hurricane Matthew, and $1 million to support
volunteer fire departments.



    Governor McCrory has hailed North Carolina's strong economy and responsible
budgeting practices for allowing the state to respond to these disasters. During
the ceremony, the governor discussed numerous lessons the state learned
throughout the response to Hurricane Matthew and wildfires in western North
Carolina.








 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              913 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 16, 2016 Friday

North Carolina: Governor McCrory Signs Disaster Recovery Act of 2016

LENGTH: 405  words

DATELINE: New York



 Raleigh: The Office of the Governor, North Carolina has isasued the following
news release:





    Governor Pat McCrory signed the Disaster Recovery Act of 2016 into law
today, providing $201 million to help citizens and communities recover from
Hurricane Matthew and wildfires. The governor was joined at the Executive
Mansion by legislators, mayors, county commissioners, members of the governor's
Hurricane Matthew Recovery Committee and N.C. Emergency Management Director Mike
Sprayberry.





    "Since Hurricane Matthew and wildfires have impacted our state, we have
learned valuable lessons for the future and listened to the needs of those still
suffering," said Governor McCrory. "This bill will provide some immediate
assistance to citizens as they recover, especially during the Christmas holidays
and winter months. This is the first step in long-term recovery efforts."



    The Disaster Recovery Act addresses five key areas Governor McCrory outlined
in his request and provides:


     $29 million for short-term housing for areas not covered by FEMA and grants
for rental assistance, construction of new rental units and repairs;

     $40 million for local governments to address school calendar flexibility
and help fund repairs to water/sewer, road, sidewalk, drainage and residential
infrastructure, among other local needs;

     $5 million for economic development and stabilization to help impacted
businesses get back on their feet;

     $11.5 million for planning to ensure communities are rebuilt in a
sustainable way;

     And $76 million to cover the state share of Disaster Relief to directly
help our citizens and replenish the State Emergency Response and Disaster Relief
fund to ensure North Carolina is prepared for the next disaster.


    This bill also includes $38 million for the N.C. Department of Agriculture
to cover costs from wildfires and Hurricane Matthew, and $1 million to support
volunteer fire departments.



    Governor McCrory has hailed North Carolina's strong economy and responsible
budgeting practices for allowing the state to respond to these disasters. During
the ceremony, the governor discussed numerous lessons the state learned
throughout the response to Hurricane Matthew and wildfires in western North
Carolina.








 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              914 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Bluefield Daily Telegraph (West Virginia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              June 27, 2016 Monday

Agencies aiding flood victims seek supplies and donations

BYLINE: Greg Jordan, Bluefield Daily Telegraph, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1250 words


June 27--BLUEFIELD -- Local organizations and others across West Virginia are
now working to collect food, cleaning supplies and other necessities needed by
communities working to recover from recent floods. And for people needing help,
more and more local, state and federal resources are coming online.

Donations can be made to the American Red Cross for disaster relief, said Sharon
Kesselring, executive director of the American Red Cross of Northwest West
Virginia.

"Even the smallest donation brings hope to those in need," Kesselring said.

Donations can be made through the Red Cross and the United Way of Central West
Virginia at their websites: redcrosswv.org and http://www.unitedwaycwv.org/

Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin said that state and local emergency officials are working
to ensure the safety of residents across the state. Tomblin declared an
emergency and mobilzed the National Guard.

"The flooding we experienced Thursday and into (Friday) is among the worst in a
century for some parts of the state," Gov. Tomblin said. "Our team in the
Emergency Operations Center worked through the night and continues to coordinate
efforts with local officials today.

"On Thursday evening I declared a State of Emergency for 44 counties, including
all but the Northern and Eastern Panhandles. I have authorized the deployment of
up to 150 members of the West Virginia National Guard to assist local emergency
responders as we continue to evaluate the situation ...," Tomblin said.

Locally, the Bluefield Professional Firefighters Local 347 and the city of
Bluefield have teamed up to collect donations of supplies for the flood victims
in Greenbrier County, according to Scottie Dingus, the firefighters local public
relations director. Donations can be dropped off at the Central Fire Station
along 101 Bluefield Avenue. Supplies that are needed include canned food,
snacks, water, bleach, mops, brooms, toilet paper, rags, 409 cleaning solution,
toiletries, dry pet food, pillows, blankets and diapers. Latex gloves, 5-gallon
buckets, shovels and rakes would be helpful, too, he said Sunday.

"Today a guy stopped me and gave me $20," Dingus stated. "I'll be using that to
buy those 88 cent bottles of bleach. If they want to make monetary donations,
the money will be used to purchase supplies. And we will give them a receipt."

The fire department and the city will likely be accepting donations for several
weeks to help flood victims with the recovery and clean up efforts, he said.
Dingus can be reached at 304-327-8652.

Local businesses are also helping to collect supplies for flood relief.
Donations of water, canned food, batteries, blankets, cleaning supplies and
toiletries are being accepted at the Bill Cole Automall in Bluefield and
Ashland, and at Bill Cole Hyundai in Princeton. For more information and
directions to the drop off points, the Cole Automotive Group has set up a relief
drop off hotline at 800-205-5600.

For residents wanting to assist the victims, money is among the best ways to
help and goes a long way helping victims, Kesselring said.

"We are asking folks to consider donations to disaster relief," she said. "Every
single donation brings hope to those in need."

Donations can be made several ways, including at redcross.org, Kesselring said.

Donations can also be sent by text to the Red Cross, she said. By texting
redcross to 90999, a $10 donation will be made to the Red Cross that will be
billed to the cellphone, Kesselring said. The agency has organized a fundraiser
through WTAP where donations can be made by driving to the outside of the
station from noon-6:30 p.m. today, she said.

Volunteers from the American Red Cross of Northwest West Virginia have become
involved in the response to the intense storm, Kesselring said.

They are assisting at shelters and working with government and community
agencies on damage assessments which determine the extent and location of
damages, she said.

"We can't do it alone," she said.

More volunteers are needed, Kesselring said.

"We have also opened a link on our website for people who would like to
volunteer," she said. "Please visit redcrosswv.org to register to help."

Volunteers are involved in providing a safe shelter, food, distribution of
emergency relief supplies, emotional support, health services and recovery
assistance, Kesselring said.

At the Federal level, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security's Federal
Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) has announced that federal disaster
assistance has been made available to the State of West Virginia to supplement
state and local recovery efforts in the area affected by severe storms,
flooding, landslides, and mudslides.

President Obama's approved federal funding to affected individuals in
Greenbrier, Kanawha, and Nicholas counties. Assistance can include grants for
temporary housing and home repairs, low-cost loans to cover uninsured property
losses, and other programs to help individuals and business owners recover from
the effects of the disaster.

Story continues below video

The president's action makes federal funding available to state and eligible
local governments and certain private nonprofit organizations on a cost-sharing
basis for emergency protective measures in Greenbrier, Kanawha, and Nicholas
counties.

West Virginians needing assistance should contact their local offices of
emergency management. Contact information for each county office can be found at
http://www.dhsem.wv.gov/Important%20Contact%20Numbers/Pages/default.aspx.

NOTE: Local relief efforts are being organized in each community impacted by the
flooding. The needs are tremendous and the recover effort will be extensive.
Additional information will be provided as it becomes available.

Those who would like to volunteer to help clean up should visit:
redcross.org/local/west-virginia or www.volunteerwv.org.

Those seeking help:

Contact your local office of emergency management. Contact information for each
county office can be found at the West Virginia Division of Homeland Security
and Emergency Management's website.

The American Red Cross has set up various shelters. They can be found at:
redcross.org/shelters.

Precautions:

The West Virginia Department of Health and Human Resources advises residents to
take precautions while returning to their homes to begin clean up to reduce
injury and illness. To ensure safety during cleanup, they suggest:

--Ensuring electricity and gas is turned off in the house

--Following instructions of the utility companies relative to restoration of gas
and electrical services

--Checking for foundation cracks or shifting of the house on the foundation
before entering any house or building that has been flooded

--Drain or pump water out of flooded basements

--Hose down all floors, walls and ceilings with clean water, both basement and
house before the surfaces dry, if possible

--Disinfect surfaces with a solution of bleach (4 tablespoons of bleach per one
gallon of clean water)

To protect your health while working in flood clean-up:

--While working, keep hands away from mouth and face

--Disinfect all wounds and dress them immediately

--Wear protective clothing (rubber boots, rubber gloves and eye protection)

--Wash hands often using clean water and soap

--Ensure you have had a Tdap vaccine, which includes the tetanus vaccine

-- Contact Greg Jordan at gjordan@bdtonline.com

___ (c)2016 the Bluefield Daily Telegraph (Bluefield, W.Va.) Visit the Bluefield
Daily Telegraph (Bluefield, W.Va.) at bdtonline.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160627-WF-Agencies-aiding-flood-victims-seek-supplies-and-donations-0627-20160
627

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WF


                    Copyright 2016 Bluefield Daily Telegraph


                              915 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            January 24, 2016 Sunday

Week in Review: Wauzeka house fire kills 2

BYLINE: TH Media

SECTION: A; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 903 words


Two sisters were killed last week in a house fire in Wauzeka, Wis.

Trinity Bartels, 15, and Lena Bartels, 12, were the only people home when the
blaze started, according to the Crawford County Sheriff`s Department.

Emergency responders were notified at about 11:40 p.m. Monday of a house on East
Main Street that was engulfed in flames, according to a sheriff`s department
press release.

The caller, a sheriff`s department deputy and neighbors tried to enter the home,
but they were unable to because of the large amount of fire and smoke, the
release stated. Wauzeka and Boscobel firefighters responded in the sub-zero
temperatures and put out the fire.

Officials said the fire`s cause has not been determined, but a press release
stated that Sheriff Dale McCullick "absolutely feels there is nothing suspicious
that caused the fire."

Flood of federal money pouring into Dubuque

More than four years after a deluge poured into basements and turned streets
into rivers, homeowners on Dubuque`s North End struggling to recover and address
lingering damage will get a helping hand to bounce back.

The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development announced Friday that it
awarded $31.5 million to the City of Dubuque to help homeowners in the Bee
Branch Creek watershed repair and flood-proof homes damaged during flooding in
2011.

"This will help Dubuque recover from the lasting damage and impact of flooding
by repairing foundations, removing mold and replacing damaged appliances," Mayor
Roy Buol said.

City Manager Mike Van Milligen said the city and HUD have not worked out details
about how residents would apply for assistance under the grant. He said city
staff will develop an outreach plan to identify eligible properties.

The money is part of a $97 million federal grant that HUD awarded to the State
of Iowa to tackle water quality and flood challenges.

East Dubuque School Board apologizes to superintendent

The East Dubuque (Ill.) School Board formally apologized to Superintendent Greg
Herbst on Tuesday for "miscommunication" surrounding his administrative leave
over the summer.

Meanwhile, Herbst has been named a finalist for the superintendent position in
Galena.

The apology stems from a protracted incident over the summer during which Herbst
was placed on administrative leave from July 1 to Aug. 17 due to a personnel
issue with another administrator.

Herbst said that incident, in part, prompted him to seek the Galena School
District position.

For weeks this summer, East Dubuque School Board members did not specify why
Herbst was placed on leave, citing advice from the board`s attorney. Herbst
claimed the board`s lack of comments left his absence open to misinterpretation.

Gumbel praises MLK legacy during event in Dubuque

Sportscaster and Loras College graduate Greg Gumbel returned to Dubuque on
Monday with a strong message.

Speaking during the 24th annual Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Birthday Celebration,
Gumbel praised the legacy of King but emphasized the need to continue moving
forward.

He sharply criticized the modern state of politics and leaders` refusal to "halt
the needless, horrendous criminal assaults on human life."

"The continued desecration of the way we should all be treating one another and
the despicable, almost-daily loss of innocent life would make Dr. King cry,"
Gumbel said. "Shame on you if you don`t cry about it yourself."

More than 400 people attended the event on Martin Luther King Jr. Day. It was
hosted by Community Foundation of Greater Dubuque and held at the Grand River
Center.

Guttenberg Woman helps save man from frigid water

Toni Boardman still cannot believe she heard the cries for help. Shortly after 2
p.m. Thursday, the Guttenberg, Iowa, resident was walking atop the dike at
Bussey Lake on the north side of Guttenberg when she heard a man yelling for
assistance.

Looking toward the lake, she saw a man neck-deep in the frigid water. Boardman
rushed to assist the man - later identified by the Guttenberg Police Department
as Peter Kluesner, 67, of New Vienna - and helped alert authorities to the
incident.

Kluesner was pulled from the water less than 10 minutes later, thanks to the
efforts of nearby residents and emergency responders from multiple agencies.

Eric Sullivan, an officer with the Guttenberg Police Department, credited
Boardman and her quick response in the face of a potentially tragic incident.

Officials mull future of Hillcrest`s Lawther academy

Officials with the Dubuque Community School District and Hillcrest Family
Services are considering multiple options for the future of local
special-education services, including the possibility of the district purchasing
Hillcrest`s Anna B. Lawther Academy.

For years, Dubuque and other school districts have sent students to the academy
for certain special-education services. However, a changed interpretation in how
special-education funding can be used will significantly increase the cost of
contracting for those services, according to district Superintendent Stan
Rheingans.

"The costing part shifted the burden to Dubuque Community School District, and
it`s in the range of $1 million a year in additional cost," Rheingans said.

Possible solutions include the district purchasing the academy or building an
addition on an existing facility. District officials also are discussing whether
they would staff an in-district program by contracting services from Hillcrest
staff or making new hires.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              916 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                           October 28, 2015 Wednesday

Maine: Three Years after Sandy: FEMA Funding for Recovery in New Jersey Exceeds
$6.8 Billion

LENGTH: 471  words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Augusta: Department of Federal Emergency Management, The state of Maine has
issued the following news release:



 In the three years since Hurricane Sandy scored a direct hit on New Jersey, the
Federal Emergency Management Agency has been actively engaged in the recovery
effort, providing $6.8 billion to date to help the state recover and rebuild.





 This money has helped to restore critical facilities, clear debris, replace
boardwalks along the Jersey Shore, rebuild public infrastructure, and reimburse
municipalities throughout the state for the enormous costs of clearing debris
and restoring public safety in the immediate aftermath of the storm.



 FEMA&rsquo;s National flood Insurance program has paid out more than $3.5
billion in claims to flood insurance policyholders whose homes were damaged or
destroyed by the storm. Through FEMA&rsquo;s Individuals and Households Program
(IHP), the agency approved $422.9 million in payments to Sandy survivors.



 FEMA Public Assistance, which provides funds for repair and rebuilding of
infrastructure and public facilities as well as necessary work such as debris
removal and emergency response, has obligated $1.809 billion in Public
Assistance funds towards repair and rebuilding projects in New Jersey.



 As the work of rebuilding continues, FEMA is helping to strengthen the
state&rsquo;s capacity to withstand a future disaster. Thirty-nine percent of
all Public Assistance (PA) projects have accompanying mitigation projects. FEMA
is funding projects that protect vulnerable facilities from inundation by storm
waters, raise homes above the flood plain and convert neighborhoods that have
experienced repeated and devastating flooding to public, open space. Eighty-six
percent of all New Jersey PA projects over a half-million dollars have a
mitigation component.



 To date, the FEMA&rsquo;s Hazard Mitigation Grant Program has obligated
$258,456,164 million for a series of mitigation measures that includes voluntary
property acquisitions in communities subject to repetitive flooding, energy
allocation, retail fuel, infrastructure, home elevations and planning projects,
including $30.9 million for home elevations in flood-prone areas and $9.7
million for the Retail Fuel Station Program. The RFS is a voluntary grant
program designed to enhance the operational resiliency of retail fuel stations
statewide by funding the installation of back-up generators capable of operating
fuel pumps when power outages occur.



 FEMA's mission is to support our citizens and first responders to ensure that
as a nation we work together to build, sustain, and improve our capability to
prepare for, protect against, respond to, recover from, and mitigate all
hazards.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              917 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Times (Munster, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              April 5, 2015 Sunday

County loan driving 60 new jobs at Hobart parts manufacturer

BYLINE: Bill Dolan, The Times, Munster, Ind.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 562 words


April 05--CROWN POINT -- Lake County officials say they are creating employment
by turning a former X-rated business into good clean industry.

The Lake County Community Economic Development Department announced last week it
is approving a $600,000 low-interest loan to Rush Racing Products to build truck
parts.

Timothy A. Brown, the county economic director, said Rush will operate its
newest line of products out of a Merrillville warehouse federal authorities once
raided in the 1980s as one the world's largest distributors of video pornography
and adult magazines in the late 1980s.

The building on East 83rd Place in Hobart, long abandoned since its tawdry past,
now will be used by Rush, a subsidiary of Exhaust Productions Inc., to make
grill guards that protect a truck from front-end damage in a collision.

The loan, the latest of several granted Rush, originates from a mix of federal
and state grants the county department is offering on condition Rush promises to
increase its payroll over the coming years.

Lake County Redevelopment Commission President Randy Palmeteer said the owners
"have a proven job-creation record."

"They are adding 60 more jobs in the very near future with the installation of
new equipment being purchased," Palmeteer said.

This comes at a time of transition for the 23-year-old department's effort to
eliminate blight and assist local government, businesses and homeowners
primarily in suburban cities and towns as well as unincorporated areas.

In earlier years, it distributed more than $2 million annually in Community
Development Block Grant money. The county also could draw on a reserve of local
property taxes collected from a 2-square-mile tax increment finance district
centered on a section of U.S. 30 between Mississippi and Clay streets.

That TIF district financed millions of dollars in sewer and water utilities,
roads, sidewalks and other infrastructure improvements that attracted millions
of dollars in retail business growth.

But the Community Development Block Grant this year has declined to only $1.34
million a year and the county is dissolving the TIF district this year. Its
taxes will revert to supporting local government operations.

Brown replaced Milan Grozdanich under a department reorganization approved last
month by the Lake County Council.

Brown said the Rush loan is a signal the department will continue to encourage
new business.

He said the county also will still provide emergency assistance, low interest
and forgivable loans. He said the county annually distributes up to $5,000 for
about 40 first time home buyers and and home rehabilitation loans up to $25,000.
He said banks and financial institutions steer many of those eligible to the
county.

He said the department can provide up to $500 in rent assistance for people in
danger of becoming homeless and up to $2,000 for homeowners who have suffered a
major appliance failure, like a furnace or water heater goes out.

The community Economic Development Department serves: Cedar Lake, Crown Point,
Dyer, Griffith, Highland, Hobart, Lake Station, Lowell, Merrillville, Munster,
New Chicago, St. John, Schererville, Schneider, Whiting, Winfield and
unincorporated areas. Gary, Hammond and East Chicago have separate programs.

___ (c)2015 The Times (Munster, Ind.) Visit The Times (Munster, Ind.) at
www.nwitimes.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150405-MU-County-loan-driving-60-new-jobs-at-Hobart-parts-manufacturer-2015040
5

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MU


                            Copyright 2015 The Times


                              918 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                            January 18, 2011 Tuesday
                          2 - All-round First Edition

BAILLIEU TASKFORCE SET UP FOR STATE'S FLOOD VICTIMS ` This emergency is not yet
over' VICTORIA --- 2011 FLOOD DISASTER

BYLINE: Cameron Stewart

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 448  words


THE Victorian government will provide at least $40 million to help rebuild
dozens of towns and communities devastated by the state's floods.

At least $30m of this will be spent on repairing essential public infrastructure
such as roads and bridges damaged by the record floodwaters that have inundated
a quarter of Victoria.

Premier Ted Baillieu also established a cabinet flood taskforce to co-ordinate
immediate help for those in the 43 towns and communities that have been directly
affected by some of the most serious flooding in the state's history.

``This emergency is not yet over and communities are going to need government
support,'' he said yesterday. ``There is a lot to do and we're going to do it.''

The Premier yesterday asked Julia Gillard to declare the Victorian floods a
``severe event'', triggering an extra $4m in state and federal government
assistance to community groups to help them recover.

``This is one of the most serious flooding events in Victoria's history,'' he
said.

``We have 21 councils, 43 towns, more than 1360 properties affected and more
than 3400 people who have been directly impacted with many of those having been
evacuated.

``There are many vulnerable people who need our support,'' he said.

The Prime Minister visited the border town of Echuca on the Murray River
yesterday.

She praised the spirit of the locals who are now seeing floodwaters slowly
subsiding after they threatened to swamp the town at the weekend.

``The same people that have struggled with years and years of drought and then
we have the locusts and now we've got the floods, so Mother Nature has been here
with all sorts of contradictory challenges, drought on the one hand and flood on
the other,'' the Prime Minister said.

Mr Baillieu, who spent the weekend travelling through flood-affected towns, said
he had witnessed firsthand the devastation caused to families and to
communities.

He said it was ``incredibly confronting'' to fly across northern Victoria and
see ``enormous sheets of water'' covering farmland and inundating townships.

The government's assistance package will include $15,000 grants to eligible
small businesses and primary producers.

The Premier also urged insurance companies to be generous in their
interpretation of the coverage of the thousands of properties across the state
that had been damaged in the floods.

He pledged that the government would conduct a review of the floods once the
emergency had passed to see if anything could be done better in the future to
reduce the impact of such extreme weather.

The Victorian government has also established an appeal with the Australian Red
Cross to support victims.

Donations can be made by phoning 1800 811 700.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              919 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                             May 26, 2016 Thursday

International Red Cross to help flood-stricken Sri Lanka

LENGTH: 306  words

DATELINE: Colombo


Colombo, May 26 -- The International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent
Societies (IFRC) on Thursday launched an emergency appeal to deliver relief and
recovery assistance to flood-stricken Sri Lanka.


 The appeal worth about $3 million was launched in collaboration with the Sri
Lanka Red Cross Society (SLRCS), Xinhua News Agency reported.
 In a statement, the SLRCS said that since the onset of the flooding, up to 400
Sri Lanka Red Cross volunteers had been actively working in the five worst
affected districts of the country, helping in search and rescue efforts as well
as delivering aid and administering first aid and psychological support to flood
victims.
 "So far our services have reached 140,000 people. Our volunteers have played a
critical role as first responders, warning communities to get to safety, helping
to evacuate them and continuing to look after their welfare in temporary
evacuation centres," said Jagath Abeysinghe, president of the SLRCS.
 At least 102 people were killed and more than 200,000 people were evacuated by
the floods and landslides last week and although the floodwaters in most places
were now subsiding, some parts of Gampaha and Colombo districts remain submerged
and landslide warnings in place.
 The appeal will ensure that people staying in temporary camps have access to
safe water and sanitation and one thousand community wells are to be
de-contaminated.
 This will be complimented by health and hygiene awareness to prevent the spread
of disease.
 The appeal will also channel funds to community resilience projects whereby
cash grants will be allocated to rural committees and schools to set up small
projects including repair of damaged irrigation canals and renovation of
infrastructure.
 The IFRC appeal will enable the SLRCS to reach 40,000 people with aid over the
next 18 months.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              920 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                          February 19, 2014, Wednesday

State briefs

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P6D

LENGTH: 529 words


Lawyer says man didn't price gouge

A Putnam County store owner's lawyer says his client didn't illegally raise
water prices following a chemical spill.

Lawyer Tom Peyton tells the Charleston Gazette that Achraf Assi gave away water
after the Jan. 9 spill left 300,000 people in nine counties without useable tap
water.

Attorney General Patrick Morrisey filed an enforcement action on Friday in
Putnam County Circuit Court against Assi's business, Hurricane-based Mid Valley
Mart LLC. Morrisey alleges that Mid Valley Mart more than doubled prices for
one-gallon water jugs at two Hurricane stores.

It's illegal in West Virginia to raise prices on essential products and services
by more than 10 percent in a state of emergency.

Grant to help W.Va. online teaching

More than $28,000 in grant money will provide training opportunities for faculty
members at West Virginia colleges and universities to improve the quality of
online courses.

The funding is from the West Virginia Technical Assistance Broadband Grant
Program. It will allow the West Virginia Higher Education Policy Commission and
the West Virginia Network to provide training for 20 faculty members.

The grants are headed to colleges and universities affiliated with Quality
Matters. It is a nationally recognized program certifying the quality of online
and blended courses.

Snowshoe adds weekend to season

SNOWSHOE - Snowshoe Mountain is adding a weekend in April for skiing and
snowboarding.

The resort said Monday that it has received nearly 30 inches of snow in the last
seven days.

Snowshoe says it will temporarily close on March 30, its original closure date.
It will reopen on April 5 and April 6.

Snowshoe is offering an unlimited pass for skiing and snowboarding that's valid
for March, the April weekend and all of the 2014-2015 ski season.

COMPILED FROM WIRE REPORTS

MU medical school names chairman

HUNTINGTON - The dean of Marshall University's medical school has appointed a
chairman of the department of family and community health.

Dean Joseph I. Shapiro of the Joan C. Edwards School of Medicine announced the
selection Monday of Stephen M. Petrany. He succeeds John Walden, who served as
chairman for five years. Marshall said Walden is taking a new position with the
school.

Petrany has been a professor in the department and a full-time faculty member
since 1989. He had served in the post on an interim basis.

W.Va. Senate moves Samaritan measure

A West Virginia Senate committee has moved forward on a good Samaritan law for
those seeking medical assistance for drug or alcohol overdose.

The West Virginia Overdose Prevention Act grants immunity from arrest and
prosecution to individuals seeking medical attention for themselves or another.
Under this bill, individuals couldn't be cited for public intoxication, underage
drinking, or procession or delivery of a controlled substance. Those seeking
medical care for another would have to provide their name to law enforcement and
cooperate with officials.

This bill does not grant amnesty based on information gained from another source
or as part of a separate investigation.

The bill has been passed to the Senate Judiciary Committee.

COMPILED FROM WIRE REPORTS

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Charleston Newspapers


                              921 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Post-Star (Glens Falls, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 5, 2006 Tuesday

Health center considered in Fort Edward

BYLINE: Maury Thompson, The Post-Star, Glens Falls, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 667 words


Sep. 5--FORT EDWARD -- Hudson Headwaters Health Network is working with a
private developer on a proposal to renovate the former Grand Union supermarket
in Fort Edward as a retail and office plaza with a medical and dental clinic as
the anchor tenant, said Dr. John Rugge, chief executive officer of Hudson
Headwaters.

"Nothing is absolutely settled yet," he said.

If the proposal materializes, the health center would occupy about one-fourth of
the space in the former supermarket building that has been vacant for five
years.

Hudson Headwaters is committed to opening a health center somewhere in the town
regardless, Rugge said.

The joint effort between Hudson Headwaters and the town received a boost this
week, when Gov. George Pataki announced a $600,000 grant from the Governor's
Office for Small Cities Community Development Program.

"This is more than a down payment," Rugge said.

Other grants toward the estimated $2 million project are expected to be
announced soon, he said.

Town officials have been discussing the feasibility of locating a health center
in Fort Edward for several years.

"Repeatedly at town board meetings and community meetings, that was one of the
things that came up, that health care was a concern for people living in the
area," said town Councilman John Rieger.

One of the advantages of the arrangement with Hudson Headwaters is that the
health center will be open evenings and weekends, providing an alternative to a
hospital emergency room for treatment of minor conditions, he said.

Many town residents already patronize Hudson Headwaters clinics in Glens Falls
or Moreau, said town Supervisor Merrilyn Pulver.

Hudson Headwaters currently operates 12 health centers in Warren, Saratoga,
Essex and Hamilton counties.

The Fort Edward health center, its first in Washington County, is expected to
serve patients from Fort Edward, Kingsbury, Fort Ann, Argyle and Hartford,
Pulver said.

The $600,000 grant was a joint application by Fort Edward and Kingsbury.

A single municipality is eligible for a maximum of $450,000, while collaborative
projects are eligible for up to $600,000, she said.

Rugge said Pulver was instrumental in securing the grant.

"Merrilyn, as you probably know, is a whirlwind to work with," he said.

U.S. Rep. John Sweeney, R-Clifton Park, also was helpful, he said.

Small Cities Community Development grants are federal funds distributed through
the state.

THE FOLLOWING AREA GRANTS ALSO WERE ANNOUNCED THIS WEEK:

--$320,000 to the village of South Glens Falls to develop its downtown corridor

--$320,000 to Warren County for a small-business seminar and loan program

--$167,000 to the village of Fort Edward to replace a water line connecting
Roger's Island to the village water supply.

PATAKI ALSO ANNOUNCED THE FOLLOWING GRANTS FROM THE STATE ENVIRONMENTAL
PROTECTION FUND:

--$40,000 to the town of Hague to reconstruct a bulkhead and wooden pedestrian
walkway in the town park

--$29,400 to the town of Thurman to rehabilitate and develop Veterans Memorial
Field public park

--$250,000 to the Historic Salem Courthouse Preservation Association to preserve
the former courthouse as a community center

--$38,000 to the town and village of Fort Ann to develop a comprehensive
community plan

--$40,000 to the town of Fort Edward to plan redevelopment of Rogers Island

--$500,000 to the Lake George Watershed Conference for projects to control
storm-water runoff, prevent pollution.

State Sen. Elizabeth Little, R-Queensbury, announced a $100,000 grant through
the state Quality Communities Initiative Program to develop a comprehensive plan
for downtown revitalization.

To see more of The Post-Star, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.poststar.com Copyright (c) 2006, The Post-Star, Glens Falls, N.Y.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060905-GN-HEALTH-CENTER-20060905

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GN


                          Copyright 2006 The Post-Star


                              922 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                          September 21, 2013 Saturday

Berino residents seek answers from the county about recent flooding

BYLINE: By Jocelyn Apodaca For the Sun-News

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 905 words


LAS CRUCES >> An emergency meeting in Berino was called Saturday, where Doca Ana
County officials met to address Thursday night's storm, during which floodwater
rushed through several neighborhoods and left two motorists stranded and three
families displaced.

Berino residents packed the Mision Bet-El Church Saturday morning to express the
damages done to their homes, property, roads and the town's cemetery.

"It's terrible. We just feel like, I don't even know. It's very bad, we don't
have any help. They say (Berino Cemetery) is private property," resident Maria
Morales said.

"We're just going to clean it up, that's all. Some of these (grave sites) you
can almost see the coffins," she added. Morales' parents are buried in the
graveyard.

Brothers Rick and Isidro Lopez, former Berino residents who now live in Las
Cruces, traveled to the small community Saturday to help restore the cemetery,
where their mother, Lorenza G. Lopez, and uncle, Jesus Lopez, are buried.

"I heard it was all the way down, sinking in. You could see the caskets and they
had to lift it back to the top with a tractor," Isidro Lopez said.

Paul Dugie, director of the Doca Ana County Flood Commission, said the New
Mexico Department of Transportation culverts reached over 5 feet of water
Thursday evening, causing the water to flow across Interstate 10, filling the
pond in Berino, which exceeded capacity, causing the water to flood the small
community -- located 22 miles south of Las Cruces.

"My Chihuahua drowned. The water got up to waist-deep on my husband, and by the
time he got to the Chihuahua, she was drowned," said resident Guadalupe
Carbajal, who has been in the community for 42 years. Her eyes welled with tears
as she recalled hearing the water rush through her yard, taking the 10-year-old
dog, named Chiquita.

Friday, a preliminary assessment was performed by Dugie's staff. Doca Ana County
officials felt that, to learn the severity of the water damage to homes, an
emergency meeting was necessary.

Acknowledging that they may not have all the answers residents were seeking,
Interim County Manager Sue Padilla let the community know steps were being taken
to address immediate concerns.

"Our hearts are with you and we are here to help," Padilla said. "I can't tell
you that we will have all the answers for you today."

Doca Ana County Fire Marshall Robert Monsivaiz said the meeting was for two
specific reasons.

"We want to get your questions answered and for people to voice their concerns,
and we want to be available for people to say what their specific and immediate
needs are," he said.

The majority of the opinions expressed during the meeting acknowledged the pond
structure, which was originally built to help prevent cases like Thursday's
flooding from occurring. Many called the aftermath not an act of Mother Nature,
but a man-made mistake.

Resident Marisa Arroyo, of Ristra Road, has been living in Berino for more than
37 years. In that time, she said she has never experienced such flooding.

"My property gets impacted the most," she said. "I've never had this happen. My
home is in a hole. It's like a swimming pool. They say it's Mother Nature, it's
not."

Rosemary Gonzales, of Salt Bush Drive, sought immediate information. She said
she needed dirt to be spread throughout her property.

"My mom is on dialysis and is legally blind," Gonzales said. "She has to get
picked up by Safe Ride for her doctor's appointments. Thursday the water was so
bad, she was slipping and sliding with her walker."

During the meeting, Dugie agreed that the pond had exceeded capacity. With
efforts to continue with phase two of the project, Dugie stated that
construction is estimated to begin in November, with completion before next
monsoon season.

"We are doing the best we can with the funding that is available," he said.

"Of course there's a lot that needs to be done," Monsivaiz said. "The request
for proposals for the structure that everyone is talking about will be submitted
to reach phase two. We will begin to receive assistance from state and federal
funds, and with those funds comes people who can offer other loans and grants
for personal property."

Priscilla Perez, of Concepcion Avenue, voiced her concern that her family won't
meet federal qualifications.

"In 2006, FEMA (Federal Emergency Management Agency) told me I didn't qualify
for assistance," Perez said. "We had a foot of water in our home. Now we're
starting to get mold and I had to put some of my furniture outside."

Padilla advised residents to make the necessary repairs, keeping all receipts
and photos for potential reimbursement from federal programs.

The meeting dispersed into groups for residents seeking immediate attention or
shelter.

The Del Cerro Community Center will serve as a temporary shelter for families
dislocated from the flooding.

The Doca Ana County chapter of the American Red Cross is continuing to help with
shelter activities and is accepting donations of cash, which can be made by
visiting the Red Cross website atredcross.org , and selecting the Doca Ana
County shelter. Donations can also be made by calling 1-800-733-2767.

The Red Cross is also accepting donations of bottled water, non-perishable food,
cots, chairs, blankets and clothes, which can be dropped off in Las Cruces at
Fire Station No. 1, 201 E. Picacho Ave.

Jocelyn Apodaca may be reached atjocebart@gmail.com .

Sun-News photographer Shari V. Hill contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Shari V. Hill Sun-News Guadalupe Carbajal of Berino, right, addresses
Doña Ana County officials Saturday during a town hall meeting at the Mision
Bet-El Church in Berino. Carbajal lost her 10-year-old Chihuahua, Chiquita,
after she drowned in the flood water.
Shari V. Hill Sun-News Berino resident Maria Morales stares at her mother s and
father s grave sites Saturday in the Berino Cemetery, where heavy flood water
rushed through the community Thursday causing severe damage to multiple graves,
as well as homes and property in the small community.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2013 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              923 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                             July 15, 2016, Friday

Should state help flooded businesses?;
What is W.Va. s obligation to help victims of floods?

BYLINE: Hoppy Kercheval, Contributing columnist

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. P5A

LENGTH: 586 words


Dozens of West Virginia business men and women who were flooded out in the June
23 storm face the difficult and life-changing decision of whether or not to
rebuild.

Individual flood victims can qualify through the Federal Emergency Management
Agency for direct cash grants, with a maximum of $33,000, to help them get back
on their feet.

Businesses do not qualify for cash assistance. Instead, they can receive loans
from the Small Business Administration.

However, many business owners, especially if they are older, are reluctant to
take on a big loan at 4 percent interest for up to 30 years. If they don't or
can't, many of these flooded businesses will never reopen, causing even greater
economic hardship in communities that were struggling before the flood.

Should the state step in and help out? House Speaker Tim Armstead, R-Kanawha,
whose district includes hard-hit Clendenin, believes it should. "I think we've
got to," Armstead said.

"I'm not for handouts, [but] this is make or break for them. In the long run,
it's a sound investment."

Gov. Tomblin is open to the idea, but cautious. "We want to do everything to get
these businesses open again, but how far can we go? There is a finite amount of
money that the state would have available to put into a program like that."

It's a conundrum.

On one hand, what is the taxpayers' obligation to help out an unfortunate victim
of the flood? Some of the businesses in the flood plain are protected because
they bought flood insurance from the federal government, while others rolled the
dice or never imagined the water would reach their doors.

But on the other hand, one could argue the government has a moral obligation to
provide assistance to all those impacted by a historic natural disaster.

Additionally, the state has an interest in helping maintain the health of
communities.

Bill Ore owns and operates the Clendenin Pharmacy. The store, which has been a
business landmark in the town for decades, was destroyed by the flood. He's
operating temporarily out of a trailer, but doesn't know if he wants to take on
massive new debt to stay in business.

"We are devastated," he told me. "We have no churches, we have no bank, no
grocery store. We have nothing. I just think they should be putting more help in
here to get people started again, but it doesn't look like they are going to."

Kanawha County Commission President Kent Carper supports the concept of cash
grants from the state to damaged businesses. "It wouldn't take that much to take
care of the businesses in the entire flooded area of the county."

Maybe not for one county, but there are a dozen counties that had flood damage
with perhaps a couple hundred businesses that need immediate assistance to keep
their doors open.

How much can an already cash-strapped state afford to hand out? How do you
administer such a program to determine which requests are legitimate? Are some
businesses more worthy or viable than others?

Under normal circumstances, free market principles should apply with businesses
rising or falling based on their merit with the government acting as a neutral
observer. But these are not normal times.

This is a historic disaster that will alter the nature of communities forever.
Public policy makers must give that serious consideration as they decide what
investment the state should or should not make rebuilding devastated businesses.

Kercheval is host of Talkline, broadcast statewide by the MetroNews Radio
Network from 10 a.m. to noon weekdays. Listen locally on WCHS 580 AM.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Charleston Newspapers


                              924 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 25, 2014 Wednesday

Minnesota: State, FEMA to Assess Severe Storm and Flood Damage

LENGTH: 569  words

DATELINE: Saint Paul


Department of Public Safety, The State of Minnesota has issued the following
press release:


The Minnesota Department of Public Safety Division of Homeland Security and
Emergency Management (HSEM) and FEMA will conduct damage assessments in counties
affected by recent severe storms and flooding.



The preliminary damage assessments (PDAs) are for the federal Public Assistance
(PA) program in areas impacted by severe storms and flooding, which began June
11. FEMA officials will partner with state and local officials to view damage in
the affected areas. The assessments begin in counties where the water has
receded the week of June 30. A full schedule will be released after a planning
meeting between HSEM and FEMA.

The preliminary damage assessment is the first step in determining if Governor
Mark Dayton will make a request for a presidential declaration of disaster. The
program includes assistance to local communities for the cost of response and
eligible repairs to public infrastructure.

If included in a Presidential Disaster Declaration, the PA program would
provide:
o Assistance to state and local government and certain private not for profit
organizations for emergency work and the repair or replacement of
disaster-damaged facilities. This applies within the counties in the disaster
area.
o Assistance to state and local government and certain private not for profit
organizations for actions taken to prevent or reduce long-term risk to life and
property from natural hazards. All counties in the state of Minnesota are
eligible to apply for assistance under this program.

Disaster Declaration Process
1. Local and state officials conduct an initial impact assessment.
This began last week when HSEM officials met with local officials to identify
facilities impacted, damage, impacts to the communities and their demographics.


2. HSEM requests FEMA to conduct a preliminary damage assessment.
Teams from the affected county, HSEM and FEMA conduct the assessment. They view
the damage and collect the cost estimates from county officials. The teams
review local emergency response records, American Red Cross records if
individual homes are involved in the assessment, and compile figures for all
affected counties. If the damage exceeds the federally determined damage
threshold of $7.3 million statewide, the process continues.

3. HSEM prepares the governor's request for a disaster declaration.
Letter details the event and cites National Weather Service data. It must
document factors that determine severity, magnitude and impact. It also
documents what local officials did to respond to the emergency.

4. Local input regarding impact to the community is gathered and incorporated in
the letter.
This includes the amount and type of damage, impact on infrastructure, impact on
essential services, concentration of damage, level of insurance coverage,
assistance available from other sources, and if there is an imminent threat to
public health and safety.

5. Governor submits the letter to the president through FEMA.
FEMA reviews and sends the letter, with its recommendation to the president. The
president is the only one with authority to grant a Presidential Disaster
Declaration.  If assistance programs are approved, HSEM officials work in
partnership with FEMA to assistance disaster victims in their application for
funds.

For further information please visit: https://dps.mn.gov/

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              925 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   St. Clair News-Aegis (Pell City, Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          December 30, 2009 Wednesday

Expanding Transportation Services for Those in Need

BYLINE: Michael Mee, St. Clair News-Aegis, Pell City, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 559 words


Dec. 30--The St. Clair County Area Transportation (SCAT) department has teamed
up with the county's Community Action Agency (CAA) to help those in need better
obtain services.

The CAA is a low-income energy assistance program that helps those in need up to
twice a year with their utility bills.

Community Action got in touch with SCAT and told its director, Terry Rowe, that
it was willing to do whatever it took to assist in helping people get needed
transportation to public services. The CAA even went as far as writing a grant
that was able to secure an ARRA grant for $6,903 dollars for their public
transportation campaign.

Both Commissioners and Mr. Rowe thanked the CAA for its efforts to help those in
the county who might not be able to afford public transportation to get to
appointments with community programs. The CAA chairwoman, Nina Barnes, told the
commission at Tuesday's meeting, "We are glad to be able to assist the
transportation program at this time."

The SCAT also agreed on Tuesday to extend its contract with the Middle Alabama
Area Agency on Aging to further its public transportation contract for senior
citizens through the end of September of 2010.SCAT was also given the go-ahead
form the commission to acquire a $56,750 PC dispatch system that will be paid
for through federal stimulus dollars.

Tax dollars at work

At last week's commission work session it was revealed that St. Clair County was
$7.9 million in the black at the end of October. County Chief Financial Officer
Donna Wood told commissioners that ad valorum money is beginning to roll in and
the general fund budget is looking well, despite the down economy.

Wood said that the first numbers available from the November General Fund showed
about $681,000 on hand and that October's sales tax intake reached $450,525.

The students racing around the track at Ashville High School will have new
asphalt beneath their feet thanks to the county and St. Clair's Board of
Education entering into a 50-50 resurfacing contract. The total cost will be
about $30,000.

Also at Tuesday's meeting, the county agreed to allow the Emergency Management
Agency to sell 25 radio modems. That action would then help fund the purchase of
48 mobile data terminals for use by county offices that will cost $16,200.

The county has also entered into a grant agreement with the Alabama Department
of Public Health for a $9,370 grant for the EMA and the services it provides
during emergency situations.

Other items approved by the county included:

--honoring the late Kenneth Crowe for his dedicated service to the county.

--approving two orders to be added to the Ashville Courthouse renovation that
will reflect a $58,650 change in the original budget

--approving to allow the Coosa Valley Water Authority to write grants

--entering into a case management contract with the Jefferson-Blount-St. Clair
Mental Health Retardation Authority at the cost of $15,000

To see more of the St. Clair News Aegis, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.stclairnewsaegis.net. Copyright (c) 2009, St. Clair News-Aegis, Pell
City, Ala. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091230-ZE-Expanding-Transportation-Services-for-Those-in-Need-1230

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZE


                                 Copyright 2009


                              926 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      May 25, 1995, Thursday, City Edition

Recommended projects for 1995-96 Community Development Block Grant funds

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 245 words



County projects

Rental rehabilitation program, $ 400,000

Professional services for housing program, $ 40,000

Improvements for Carver Heights target area, $ 500,000

Social services, medical services, $ 19,000

Countywide demolition and clearance projects, $ 90,000

Burks Park improvements, $ 75,000

Public transportation, $ 165,000

Library services, telecommunication devices for hearing impaired, $ 5,000

Library services, electronic readers for visually impaired, $ 19,000

City Projects

Zephyrhills: multipurpose center, $ 3,146

New Port Richey: downtown parking lot development, $ 81,411; park  improvements,
$ 60,000; water main replacement, $ 40,000.

Port Richey: "Bike and Hike" trail, $ 44,130

San Antonio: handicapped access improvements, $ 11,289

Dade City: street paving, $ 149,066

Outside agency projects

Deaf Service Center, emergency alert equipment, $ 5,000

Gulf Coast Community Care, home shelter construction, renovation, $ 91,000

The Harbor, Community Recovery Center renovation, $ 197,622

Pioneer Florida Museum renovations, $ 61,092

East Pasco Habitat for Humanity, $ 36,000

Pasco Family Protection Team, medical diagnosis, $ 40,000

Pasco County Food Bank, design and construction of new facility, $ 353,000

Judeo-Christian Clinic, prescription drug assistance, $ 10,000

San Antonio Boys Village, roof replacement, $ 26,000

Sunrise of Pasco County, thrift store building, $ 251,000

Reserves

$ 135,244

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: PASCO TIMES

                    Copyright 1995 Times Publishing Company


                              927 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Caboolture Shire Herald

                             March 14, 2006 Tuesday

SECTION: Pg. 5

LENGTH: 336  words


briefly

Traffic operationPOLICE intercepted more than 60 vehicles during a traffic
operation on Bribie Island on March 8. Bribie Island Police Sergeant David
Crawford-Raby said a 42-year-old Bribie Island man had been arrested on a
drink-driving charge and would appear in Caboolture Magistrate's Court later
this month.

Water proposalsBRIBIE Island's community representatives met with Environment
Minister Desley Boyle yesterday to discuss coastal water management around
Pumicestone Passage. Ms Boyle said the meeting, part of the Queensland
Government's Ministerial Regional Community Forum process, saw forum members
suggest a variety of solutions for the area, including better run-off controls
for rapidly developing urban areas south of Caloundra.

Car gatheringBRIBIE Police were forced to call on the Redcliffe Traffic Branch
and plain-clothes officers to disperse large crowds of car enthusiasts on the
island on Sunday. Bribie Island Police Sergeant David Crawford-Raby said
numerous car clubs had gathered at the Blue Pacific car park on Sunday before
engaging in hooning activity.

Grants assistanceCOMMUNITY assistance organisations may be eligible for grants
of up to $5000 to assist their efforts. Two weeks remain for groups working in
injury prevention, crime prevention, emergency services and the environment to
apply for the NRMA Insurance Community Help grants program. Phone 3135 1675 or
visit www.nrma.com.au/grants Applications close on March 31.

Baby showHIPPO House will host an Easter baby show on April 7, for contestants
aged from zero to five years. The $25 entry fee includes age group judging,
champion boy and girl, novelties and photo competitions. Proceeds from the day
will go towards Retina Australia. Registrations are due at 9.15am for judging at
9.45am. Phone 0417 325161.

Dance lessonsROCK 'n' Roll fans can learn to jive and twist during a series of
free dance lessons in Morayfield. Aimed at beginners, the classes are held each
Wednesday from 7.30pm. Phone 5491 5414 or 0403 401 011.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: CSH


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              928 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           September 28, 2007 Friday

Business Digest

BYLINE: The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 349 words


'Success on the Rise'

Ethnic business conference to meet at the Salt Palace

The State Office of Ethnic Affairs and the Governor's Office of Economic
Development will host the second annual ethnic business conference, "Success on
the Rise," Oct. 10 at 8 a.m., at the Salt Palace Convention Center, 100 S. West
Temple St., Salt Lake City.

The conference will feature workshops on financing, taxes, marketing and
includes breakfast and lunch.

Members of the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce can attend the conference for free.

For more information or to register, contact Andrea at 801-538-8672 or visit
www.ethnicoffice.utah.gov.

- Brianna Lange

Hunters, farmers

Donate game animals to feed hungry families

Hunters can donate game animals to help feed Utah families through the Utah
chapter of Farmers and Hunters Feeding the Hungry.

Among the requirements for game animals to be distributed to food banks and
emergency pantries are that animals must be professionally processed and
packaged.

The group compensates participating meat processors who receive, cut, package
and freeze donated game animals.

"Emergency food pantries don't often have access to meat, except during the
holidays," said Gina Cornia of Utahns Against Hunger.

"This will provide families with a great source of protein," Cornia said.

Hunters interested in donating game animals may call Utah program coordinator
Kelly Bingham at 801-389-0879.

- Dawn House

USDA

Manti to use grant money to install sewer lines

The U.S. Department of Agriculture has awarded $13.7 million in economic
development grants for rural communities and American Indian organizations in 48
states.

In Utah, the city of Manti plans to use the funds to aid in the installation of
sewer-collector lines. Grants also will be used by the College of Eastern Utah,
San Juan Campus, to contract for technical assistance for a medical
coding-training program.

Additionally, the Confederated Tribes of the Goshute Indians received a grant to
create job opportunities. Tooele County will implement an economic plan.

For more information on grants, visit www.rurdev.usda.gov.

- Dawn House

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              929 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 7, 2014 Friday

Illinois: Gov. Quinn Announces $45 Million State Relief Package for Communities
Devastated by November Tornadoes

LENGTH: 1180  words

DATELINE: Springfield


The State of Illinois has issued the following news release:

Following federal denial of urgently-needed disaster assistance, Governor Pat
Quinn today announced a $45 million state relief package to help Illinois local
governments recover from the deadly November tornadoes. This assistance was
assembled at the Governor's direction following the Federal Emergency Management
Agency (FEMA) denial of the state's appeal for federal disaster assistance for
local governments.

The relief package will provide much-needed aid for impacted municipalities,
including Washington, Brookport, Gifford, New Minden, Diamond, Coal City, Pekin
and East Peoria. All local governments in the nine counties impacted by the
historic tornadoes will be eligible for assistance. The counties are: Champaign,
Douglas, Grundy, Massac, Tazewell, Vermilion, Washington, Wayne and Woodford.

"Our tornado-ravaged communities need help and they need it now," Governor Quinn
said. "While it's disappointing that our request for federal disaster relief was
denied due to outdated rules, the state of Illinois is committed to providing
assistance to communities that need it. Recovery won't happen overnight but this
aid will help people rebuild their lives."

The state's multi-agency relief package for local governments includes
assistance from the Illinois Department of Commerce and Economic Opportunity
(DCEO), the Illinois Department of Transportation (IDOT), the Illinois Finance
Authority (IFA), the Illinois Emergency Management Agency (IEMA), the Illinois
Environmental Protection Agency (IEPA) and the Illinois Housing Development
Authority (IHDA).

DCEO will provide up to $19.1 million in state and federal funds to be used
toward disaster recovery. These commitments include:

Up to $10 million in state funds to local governments to rebuild tornado-damaged
infrastructure.
    Approximately $4.5 million of the agency's Community Development Assistance
Program allocation from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
(HUD) will be directed toward housing repair and reconstruction for low-income
residents.
    An additional $3.6 million is expected from HUD this summer to address unmet
housing needs from communities impacted by last spring's flooding or November's
tornadoes.
    The DCEO Office of Employment and Training will supply up to $1 million in
Rapid Response funding which will provide paid work experience to individuals to
assist with disaster cleanup and recovery efforts - $138,875 of these funds are
already being used for this purpose in Brookport.
    Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program (LIHEAP) and Weatherization funds
are available to eligible recipients for a variety of storm-related issues
including temporary shelter, transportation, utility reconnection, heating and
air conditioning replacement, coats and blankets, insulation repair, generators,
re-weatherization of damaged homes and technical assistance. The amount of
funding available will depend on the number of eligible LIHEAP and
weatherization households seeking assistance.

IDOT will provide up to $10 million for communities to repair storm-damaged
infrastructure. IDOT continues to work with communities to identify eligible
transportation infrastructure needs.

IFA, the state's infrastructure bank, will immediately make available up to $4.5
million in below-market rate loans to finance repairs constituting capital
expenditures to publicly owned and operated facilities that sustained damage in
the tornadoes, not otherwise covered by insurance. Due to the legal and credit
requirements of each individual project, the IFA will work through the
Governor's Response Team with individual local governments in the
tornado-ravaged communities.

IEMA will provide $3.55 million to help municipalities pay for costs already
incurred for items such as debris removal, emergency protective measures and
overtime payments. This assistance comes from state General Revenue Funds.

IEPA will set aside up to $5.35 million in low-interest loans through the
Illinois Clean Water Initiative to repair damaged water systems in impacted
communities.

IHDA will provide $2.5 million in emergency rehabilitation assistance to
approximately 50 low-income households affected by the severe storms. Eligible
homeowners will receive up to $40,000 in assistance to pay insurance deductibles
or provide home repairs. The assistance comes from the Affordable Housing Trust
Fund.

For information on how local government can benefit from the relief package,
please visit Ready.Illinois.gov.

The Governor recently addressed the National Journal's Disaster Forum in
Washington, D.C. to push for needed changes to the FEMA disaster aid criteria.
The Governor is working with U.S. Senator Dick Durbin, U.S. Senator Mark Kirk
and Illinois' congressional delegation to pass legislation that would give FEMA
a clearer, more substantive formula when evaluating natural disasters. It will
modify a flawed system that places small and rural communities in highly
populated states at a disadvantage in the federal disaster declaration process.
The bill assigns a specific weight to each of the factors already used by FEMA
and adds other economic factors for the agency to consider when determining
whether or not an area should receive federal assistance.

"FEMA has gotten it wrong in Illinois not once but twice," Senator Durbin said.
"The federal government can't be expected to help after every weather event, but
the damage I saw in Central Illinois convinced me that we need to be doing more.
Senator Kirk and I have a bill--introduced in the House by members of the
Illinois Congressional Delegation--that would fix FEMA's funding formulas so
communities in downstate Illinois are no longer at a disadvantage when disaster
strikes. I am encouraged by Governor Quinn's commitment today to help make these
communities whole again and will be working with my colleagues to advance the
Fairness in Federal Disaster Declarations Act and identify any additional
federal funding opportunities."

"FEMA's methodology is clearly broken," Senator Kirk said. "It's time that
Congress move forward with the Durbin-Kirk bill, which would ensure the FEMA
disaster process is more fair, and would ensure that states like Illinois are no
longer discriminated against when applying for aid. I will continue to work with
the Illinois delegation to ensure these necessary changes are made."

Shortly after the deadly storms on Nov. 17, 2013, Governor Quinn surveyed the
damaged areas and activated the State Emergency Operations Center to coordinate
the deployment of state resources and personnel in support of local response and
recovery efforts. While federal assistance for local governments has been
denied, just nine days after the storms the Governor successfully secured
federal aid for families and businesses in 15 counties which has topped $23.5
million, including FEMA grants of more than $2.6 million and $21 million in
low-interest loans from the U.S. Small Business Administration.


For further information please visit: http://www.illinois.gov/

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              930 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                             May 28, 2009 Thursday
                               N-j Final Edition

Feds, state offer aid to victims of floods Funds set for Flagler, Volusia

BYLINE: EILEEN ZAFFIRO, EILEEN ZAFFIRO - STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SECTION A; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 779  words

DATELINE: DAYTONA BEACH


DAYTONA BEACH -- A week after murky floodwaters drowned pockets of Volusia and
Flagler counties, big help is on the way.

On Wednesday afternoon, President Barack Obama signed a federal disaster
declaration that opened a pipeline between Washington and Central Florida for
financial assistance to those hurt worst by the unrelenting rains that have
racked up nearly $70 million in damage.

Also announced Wednesday was $2 million of state assistance headed to Volusia
and Flagler counties.

It's great news for Volusia County," said County Chairman Frank Bruno. "People
will get the relief they need."

Just a few hours after Obama signed the declaration, 10 officials with the
Federal Emergency Management Agency went to assistance centers in Daytona Beach
and Holly Hill to help people apply for federal dollars.

A Web site and toll free number have also been set up for residents and business
owners who want to apply for assistance.

People whose homes have become uninhabitable could receive rental payments for
temporary housing. Also available will be grants for home repairs and
replacement of essential household items not covered by insurance.

Flood victims could also be eligible for grants to help with medical, dental and
transportation needs. Low interest loans and unemployment payments for up to 26
weeks are also available to qualified applicants.

Local governments will also seek the FEMA money to spray for mosquitoes, bring
in teams to inspect homes for mold and make repairs to public buildings and
roads, Bruno said.

Hundreds of local residents will likely be in line today for the federal aid.
Some 700 flood victims showed up at the assistance center in Holly Hill on
Tuesday, the first day it was open. Another 400-500 filed in Wednesday.

The Daytona Beach assistance center, which also opened Tuesday, helped 539
people Tuesday more than 400 people Wednesday.

The Daytona Beach help headquarters relocated this morning to the Dickerson
Center, and extended its hours from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. The Holly Hill center hours
are also expanded beginning today from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m.

Many of those reaching out for help are owners and renters of the 1,564 damaged
homes in Volusia County, 632 of which have major damage. County officials have
tallied the housing damage at nearly $60 million.

City and county properties, such as roads and buildings, have suffered nearly
$10 million in damages. The county's running damage total is $69.5 million, but
that's likely to rise, officials say.

This was the worst urban flood damage in Volusia in any of our memories,"
Volusia County Property Appraiser Morgan Gilreath said in a statement Wednesday.

A few hours before the federal declaration was announced, several people seeking
assistance at the Holly Hill essential service center were questioning why the
president had not declared the region a federal disaster area so they could get
assistance from FEMA.

FEMA "should be here. It's ridiculous," said Letha Baker, 31, who said she and
her three children lost all of their clothes and belongings when their
three-bedroom apartment flooded.

They need to get on the ball," said Bettina McClenny, 25, of Daytona Beach, who
lost food from the power being out and suffered carpet damage from the water
that got into the house she shares with her cousin and cousin's children.
"People don't have any food or furniture."

Officials with the state Department of Children & Families are helping at the
essential service centers to replace food for people who are on food stamps and
lost their food in the storm. If a federal disaster hadn't been declared, they
wouldn't have been able to give food stamps to people who do not normally
qualify.

Holly Hill Police Chief Mark Barker expects to see even more people seeking help
as the water continues to recede from homes and mold escalates.

Many people are in a situation where their homes are uninhabitable," Barker
said.-- Staff Writer Deborah Circelli contributed to this report.

Updates*FEMA: Residents and business owners can begin applying for FEMA
assistance today at DisasterAssistance.gov or by calling 1- 800-621-3362 or
1-800-462-7585 for the hearing and speech impaired. The toll-free numbers will
operate from 7 a.m. to 10 p.m., seven days a week.*DAYTONA CENTER: The
assistance center is relocating today to the Dickerson Center, 308 S. Martin
Luther King Jr. Blvd. Hours, 7 a.m. to 7 p.m.; phone, 386-671-5555.*HOLLY HILL
AID: The Holly Hill Community Recreation Center, 1046 Daytona Ave., is adjusting
its hours to 7 a.m. to 7 p.m.; phone, 1-800-621- 3362.*WHAT TO TAKE: Make sure
you have your Social Security number, household income information, property
damage and insurance info.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



CORRECTION:

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2009 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2009 News-Journal Corporation


                              931 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          The Mirror (Pahrump, Nevada)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 11, 2013

Local United Way funds distribution decided

BYLINE: The Mirror staff

LENGTH: 424  words


United Way of Nye County has announced that funding has been awarded for
allocation to five different organizations that serve Pahrump. New Hope
Fellowship, Catholic Charities of Southern Nevada, which provides food
assistance in Pahrump and the Salvation Army Clark County which also provides
funding for the Pahrump area, were named as recipients of the award. NyE
Communities Coalition has also applied and will be the Local Recipient
Organization that will manage the disbursement of the funds to each applicant.
The coalition applied for $577 for administrative costs associated with managing
the grants.

The total funding granted was $28,861 with an additional $7,354 for emergency
food and shelter from the United Way Reno State Set-Aside Committee. According
to Michael Mack, chairman for the Emergency Food and Shelter Program in Pahrump,
he will be recommending that the funds go towards an emergency shelter.

"The funds could be for hotel and motel stays, or past due rent, and/or mortgage
assistance with a 30 day maximum. Utilities, such as metered electric, gas,
water or non-metered, like propene, firewood and coal, all possibilities," Mack
stated in a report issued on April 2. He went on to state that any household
would only receive shelter assistance once per award period due the limited
funds.

According to Mack, once the funding applications are approved by the national
board of the United Way, those funds were allocated to the state organization
before being released for distribution to the individual organizations. Mack
does not know when the funds will be available to assistance programs but feels
confident that it will be soon. Each United Way area must select a Local
Recipient Organization (LRO) to which the funds are granted. The LRO is then
responsible for the distribution and that funds are used for the purpose that
monies were allotted.

New Hope Fellowship, located at 781 West St., has a pantry service entitled the
Path of Hope Food Pantry which served approximately 500 families per week last
month. The fellowship has been awarded half of its $11,000 request with $5,500
expected once funding is released. The Salvation Army will receive $4,500 of the
$9,000 it requested while the Catholic Charities will garner $4,142 out of
$8,284 for food assistance in Pahrump. The Salvation Army has been forced to
limit many of its services after budget cuts depleted its funding. The program
had been reduced to offering a food box every 30 days with no ability to help
residents with utilities or rent payment.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PAH

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                  Copyright 2013 The Mirror (Pahrump, Nevada)


                              932 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 7, 2015 Saturday

Illinois: Gov. Quinn Announces $45 Million State Relief Package for Communities
Devastated by November Tornadoes

LENGTH: 1181  words

DATELINE: Springfield


The State of Illinois has issued the following news release:

Following federal denial of urgently-needed disaster assistance, Governor Pat
Quinn today announced a $45 million state relief package to help Illinois local
governments recover from the deadly November tornadoes. This assistance was
assembled at the Governor's direction following the Federal Emergency Management
Agency (FEMA) denial of the state's appeal for federal disaster assistance for
local governments.

The relief package will provide much-needed aid for impacted municipalities,
including Washington, Brookport, Gifford, New Minden, Diamond, Coal City, Pekin
and East Peoria. All local governments in the nine counties impacted by the
historic tornadoes will be eligible for assistance. The counties are: Champaign,
Douglas, Grundy, Massac, Tazewell, Vermilion, Washington, Wayne and Woodford.

"Our tornado-ravaged communities need help and they need it now," Governor Quinn
said. "While it's disappointing that our request for federal disaster relief was
denied due to outdated rules, the state of Illinois is committed to providing
assistance to communities that need it. Recovery won't happen overnight but this
aid will help people rebuild their lives."

The state's multi-agency relief package for local governments includes
assistance from the Illinois Department of Commerce and Economic Opportunity
(DCEO), the Illinois Department of Transportation (IDOT), the Illinois Finance
Authority (IFA), the Illinois Emergency Management Agency (IEMA), the Illinois
Environmental Protection Agency (IEPA) and the Illinois Housing Development
Authority (IHDA).

DCEO will provide up to $19.1 million in state and federal funds to be used
toward disaster recovery. These commitments include:

Up to $10 million in state funds to local governments to rebuild tornado-damaged
infrastructure.
    Approximately $4.5 million of the agency's Community Development Assistance
Program allocation from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
(HUD) will be directed toward housing repair and reconstruction for low-income
residents.
    An additional $3.6 million is expected from HUD this summer to address unmet
housing needs from communities impacted by last spring's flooding or November's
tornadoes.
    The DCEO Office of Employment and Training will supply up to $1 million in
Rapid Response funding which will provide paid work experience to individuals to
assist with disaster cleanup and recovery efforts - $138,875 of these funds are
already being used for this purpose in Brookport.
    Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program (LIHEAP) and Weatherization funds
are available to eligible recipients for a variety of storm-related issues
including temporary shelter, transportation, utility reconnection, heating and
air conditioning replacement, coats and blankets, insulation repair, generators,
re-weatherization of damaged homes and technical assistance. The amount of
funding available will depend on the number of eligible LIHEAP and
weatherization households seeking assistance.

IDOT will provide up to $10 million for communities to repair storm-damaged
infrastructure. IDOT continues to work with communities to identify eligible
transportation infrastructure needs.

IFA, the state's infrastructure bank, will immediately make available up to $4.5
million in below-market rate loans to finance repairs constituting capital
expenditures to publicly owned and operated facilities that sustained damage in
the tornadoes, not otherwise covered by insurance. Due to the legal and credit
requirements of each individual project, the IFA will work through the
Governor's Response Team with individual local governments in the
tornado-ravaged communities.

IEMA will provide $3.55 million to help municipalities pay for costs already
incurred for items such as debris removal, emergency protective measures and
overtime payments. This assistance comes from state General Revenue Funds.

IEPA will set aside up to $5.35 million in low-interest loans through the
Illinois Clean Water Initiative to repair damaged water systems in impacted
communities.

IHDA will provide $2.5 million in emergency rehabilitation assistance to
approximately 50 low-income households affected by the severe storms. Eligible
homeowners will receive up to $40,000 in assistance to pay insurance deductibles
or provide home repairs. The assistance comes from the Affordable Housing Trust
Fund.

For information on how local government can benefit from the relief package,
please visit Ready.Illinois.gov.

The Governor recently addressed the National Journal's Disaster Forum in
Washington, D.C. to push for needed changes to the FEMA disaster aid criteria.
The Governor is working with U.S. Senator Dick Durbin, U.S. Senator Feb k Kirk
and Illinois' congressional delegation to pass legislation that would give FEMA
a clearer, more substantive formula when evaluating natural disasters. It will
modify a flawed system that places small and rural communities in highly
populated states at a disadvantage in the federal disaster declaration process.
The bill assigns a specific weight to each of the factors already used by FEMA
and adds other economic factors for the agency to consider when determining
whether or not an area should receive federal assistance.

"FEMA has gotten it wrong in Illinois not once but twice," Senator Durbin said.
"The federal government can't be expected to help after every weather event, but
the damage I saw in Central Illinois convinced me that we need to be doing more.
Senator Kirk and I have a bill--introduced in the House by members of the
Illinois Congressional Delegation--that would fix FEMA's funding formulas so
communities in downstate Illinois are no longer at a disadvantage when disaster
strikes. I am encouraged by Governor Quinn's commitment today to help make these
communities whole again and will be working with my colleagues to advance the
Fairness in Federal Disaster Declarations Act and identify any additional
federal funding opportunities."

"FEMA's methodology is clearly broken," Senator Kirk said. "It's time that
Congress move forward with the Durbin-Kirk bill, which would ensure the FEMA
disaster process is more fair, and would ensure that states like Illinois are no
longer discriminated against when applying for aid. I will continue to work with
the Illinois delegation to ensure these necessary changes are made."

Shortly after the deadly storms on Nov. 17, 2013, Governor Quinn surveyed the
damaged areas and activated the State Emergency Operations Center to coordinate
the deployment of state resources and personnel in support of local response and
recovery efforts. While federal assistance for local governments has been
denied, just nine days after the storms the Governor successfully secured
federal aid for families and businesses in 15 counties which has topped $23.5
million, including FEMA grants of more than $2.6 million and $21 million in
low-interest loans from the U.S. Small Business Administration.


For further information please visit: http://www.illinois.gov/

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              933 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                             June 28, 2012 Thursday

UNINSURED FLOOD VICTIMS HAVE SOME HOPE OF HELP

BYLINE: DANNY VALENTINE, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; TROPICAL STORM DEBBY: THE AFTERMATH; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 480 words



HIGHLIGHT: One lifeline may be federal disaster assistance, if it's approved.
Inspections now help pave the way.


The best option is to have flood insurance.

But now that Tropical Storm Debby has come and gone, what can people with
flooded homes and no flood insurance do to get help?

The options are limited.

"If you don't have any insurance and your home gets damaged, unfortunately
you're usually stuck footing the bill," said Hernando County Sheriff's Office
spokesman Lt. Michael Burzumato.

The first step is to get your home inspected by the county's assessment teams,
then hope for federal assistance down the road, said Hernando County emergency
manager Cecilia Patella.

"They need to be sure that they've gotten an inspection so we can try to get
federal assistance," Patella said.

Communities may be eligible to receive assistance from federal grant and
low-interest loan programs.

The county will compile a list of all the damage, and if it is extensive enough,
the president can declare the region a disaster area, possibly opening up the
federal resources for residents who don't have insurance or who have damage that
isn't covered by their insurance.

"That's when those funding mechanisms become available," Patella said.

It's not clear if Hernando will qualify for the disaster designation. And even
if the aid does come, residents would first have to qualify for it.

It's not a quick process.

Each affected county must compile damage estimates and send them to the state,
which will then make the request to the federal government, Patella said.

"It's really going to be driven by how quickly the counties report up to the
state," she said. "Some counties will be quickly. Some will take longer."

One factor that tends to slow damage assessments: standing water.

"Our goal is to get it done as soon as possible," Patella said.

A disaster declaration could also mean federal assistance for public facilities,
including public buildings, roads and infrastructure. If there's enough damage
to enough businesses, the area could also be eligible for loans from the Small
Business Administration.

Hernando County officials are urging businesses and homeowners to report
damages.

So far, few businesses have reported damage.

As of Wednesday afternoon, damage assessment teams had completed 25 assessments.
Only nine of the homes had water intrusion.

That number is expected to grow.

"While the low volume of damage reports may be a good sign, we are concerned
that many businesses have suffered a loss and do not realize that it needs to be
reported," according to statement from the Sheriff's Office. "This information
is vital as damage assessment teams are currently on the ground in Hernando
County evaluating the aftermath from Tropical Storm Debby."

Danny Valentine can be reached at dvalentine@tampabay.com or (352) 848-1432.

* * *

FAST FACTS

How to report damage

Residents and business owners can report damage from Tropical Storm Debby to the
Hernando County Emergency Operations Center at (352) 754-4083.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2012 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              934 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             June 20, 2002 Thursday

Area Breifs

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald Staff

SECTION: Pg. a3

LENGTH: 355 words


Dubuque County declared disaster

President Bush declared Dubuque County and 16 other Iowa counties disaster areas
Wednesday.

The declaration makes federal assistance available to eligible home owners,
renters and business owners who sustained damage as a result of storms and
flooding early this month. Among other area counties included in the declaration
are Clayton, Delaware, Jackson and Jones.

In Dubuque County, 573 houses had at least some water damage. One house was
destroyed.

The Federal Emergency Management Agency is encouraging Iowa residents to
register for disaster assistance by calling the Federal Emergency Management
Agency's toll-free number, 800/621-3362. The number will be available 8 a.m. to
6 p.m., seven days per week, until further notice.

Dubuque to receive federal aid to fight drugs

DES MOINES (AP) - State and local agencies will receive more than $$ @5 million
in federal grants for drug enforcement, treatment and prevention programs, the
Governor's Office of Drug Control Policy announced Wednesday.

The money will go to Dubuque authorities and 58 other agencies to pay for
projects including drug task forces, drug courts, drug treatment programs,
community-based substance abuse prevention and technology improvements in Iowa's
justice system.

The Dubuque Area Drug Task Force will receive almost $$ @133,000 and the Bear
Creek Narcotics Task Force in Maquoketa is slated to receive about $$ @84,500.
The Northeast Iowa Drug Task Force, which covers several counties including
Delaware and Clayton, will receive $$ @13,900.

Catfish Fest begins today

The 11th annual Catfish Festival begins today and runs through Sunday at the end
of Hawthorne Street.

The admission charge is $$ @1.50; children younger than 10 are admitted free.
The following is today's schedule of events:

4 p.m. - Carnival rides, commercial tent, De Maloy Masonic Temple Boys Troupe
duck pond, Welsh pony rides, Krazy Klowns balloons and face painting, paintball
game.

4 to 7:30 p.m. - Music by Mississippi Band.

8:30 to 11:30 p.m. - Music by The Bluz Brothers.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2002 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              935 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             August 17, 2003 Sunday

Tri-state Briefs

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald Staff

SECTION: Pg. a13

LENGTH: 603 words


Non-profits invited to apply for grants

Grant applications for the Community Foundation of Greater Dubuque's first
annual fall grant cycle are available.

Grants, totaling $$ @10,000, will be awarded to area health and human services
organizations, with a focus on health issues. Up to five grants may be awarded,
with $$ @5,000 being the maximum grant award. Grant applications must be a
501(c)(3)-designated organization in order to be considered.

Completed applications must be postmarked by Sept. 30. Applications may be
picked up at the Diamond Jo Casino at the Wild Club desk or at the Community
Foundation office, Suite 150 of the Dubuque Building.

The Community Foundation held focus groups for nonprofits earlier this summer at
the Diamond Jo. More than 100 chief executive officers of area non-profits
shared their expertise and identified affordable and accessible quality health
care for under-served populations as the number one social concern facing the
community.

For more information, call the Community Foundation at 563/588-2700.

Elkader City Council approves contract

ELKADER, Iowa - The Elkader City Council has approved a $$ @2.5 million contract
with Fox Engineering Associates, of Ames, for Phase I of a city water project.

The contract encompasses the engineering costs for new city wells, a water
tower, water main and a booster pump station. Work on the project is expected to
begin next spring.

The council also committed $$ @10,000 to maintain, repair and improve the
city-owned Opera House. Some projects scheduled within the next four fiscal
years include upgrading water and sewer lines, repairing a roof drainage
problem, and roof edging and tuckpointing loose brick caused by drainage and
roof problems.

Sept. 5 deadline for county nominees

LANCASTER, Wis. - Farmers and rural landowners in certain townships of Grant
County have until Sept. 5 to nominate farmer candidates for the 2003 county
committee election.

Grant County townships holding the election this year include Ellenboro, Lima,
Harrison, Platteville, Paris, Smelser, Jamestown and Hazel Green.

Farm programs administered by county committees include commodity price support
loans and payments, farm ownership, operation and emergency loans, conservation
programs, incentive and disaster payments for some commodities and other farm
disaster assistance.

Farm owners, operators, tenants and sharecroppers of legal voting age can take
part in the election if they are eligible to take part in any Farm Service
Agency programs. The nomination forms must be filled out and returned to the
county Farm Service Agency office no later than Sept. 5.

The election runs through Dec. 1. Ballots will be mailed out this fall to all
eligible voters.

Each county is actively seeking minorities, females and land producers from
under-represented groups for nomination.

Construction to begin next week on U.S. 18

FENNIMORE, Wis. - Construction will start on nearly 11 miles of U.S. 18 between
Fennimore and Monfort. The $$ @2.2 million project is set to start Aug. 25.

Mathy Construction, of Onalaska, is the prime contractor. Work will consist of
replacing the existing asphalt pavement. It should be completed by October.

U.S. 18 will be open to traffic during construction. Flag crews will direct
traffic around the work zone, which will be limited to one lane. The work zone
will be paved and temporary pavement markings will be installed to restore
normal traffic at the end of daily construction activities.

The project is fully funded by the state.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2003 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              936 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            June 15, 2011 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

Local in brief

BYLINE: Christopher Quinn, Jeremiah McWilliams; Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 592 words


HUD giving $52 million to Georgia communities

Secretary Shaun Donovan announced Tuesday U.S. Housing and Urban Development
will spread more than $52 million in grants in Atlanta and Cherokee, DeKalb,
Fulton and Gwinnett counties, as well as Rome, Savannah and Augusta to support
community development and increase the supply of affordable housing.

The grants will also help homeless people and families and those living with HIV
or AIDs obtain permanent housing.

Nationally, the money available for the grants dropped more than $800 million
from last year.

"As we work under the challenges of our nation's deficit, we must also
understand that these programs are absolutely essential in promoting community
development, producing affordable housing, helping our homeless and even
supporting long-term disaster recovery," HUD Regional Administrator Ed Jennings
Jr. said.

The money includes $27.5 million for Community Development Block Grant funds,
$12.7 in HOME Investment Partnerships funding, $1.2 million in Emergency Shelter
Grants, and $10.5 million for Housing Opportunities for Persons with AIDS.
CHRISTOPHER QUINN

First franchise of Willy's to open in Florida

The first franchise Willy's Mexicana Grill will open in Gainesville, Fla., later
this year.

Carl Hoover, a major Wendy's franchisee, is opening the burrito restaurant near
the University of Florida campus.

But Willy Bitter, founder of the 19-restaurant burrito chain, said he is not
looking to make a major push into franchising.

"It's really more of a test situation to see how it goes," Bitter said. "He had
a really good site down there. It's not like I have 20 deals in the works. The
deal is for one restaurant."

Bitter said he would evaluate the success of the Gainesville restaurant in six
months or a year.

"I'm not actively looking for franchisees right now," he said. "But we will seek
out well-qualified operating partners if this goes well." JEREMIAH MCWILLIAMS

PGA adds Coca-Cola to name of championship

The PGA Tour is renaming a major property to make the name of a big sponsor even
more prominent.

The annual finale of the PGA Tour Playoffs for the FedExCup will now be called
the Tour Championship by Coca-Cola.

It will feature the top 30 players in FedExCup points after the BMW
Championship. It will be played for the eleventh consecutive year at historic
East Lake Golf Club, Sept. 21-25.

The updated logo features Coca-Cola's contour bottle alongside a golf ball.
Coca-Cola is the tournament's presenting sponsor.

"We believe this new logo symbolizes the Coca-Cola Co.'s commitment to
increasing the reach and impact of the culmination of the FedExCup," said Todd
Rhinehart, executive director of the Tour Championship. JEREMIAH MCWILLIAMS

Roark buys Il Fornaio, Corner Bakery chains

Atlanta-based private equity group Roark Capital Group has acquired Corner
Bakery Cafe and Il Fornaio Restaurants and Bakeries.

Roark already owns Carvel Ice Cream, Cinnabon, Schlotzsky's, Moe's Southwest
Grill and Auntie Anne's Pretzel's. On Monday, it announced an agreement to
purchase Arby's.

Corner Bakery Cafe was founded in 1991 as a small bread bakery in Chicago. It
now makes meals for breakfast, lunch and dinner and also offers catering
services. Headquartered in Dallas, it has 119 locations in the United States.

Il Fornaio, averaging more than $5 million in annual sales per restaurant, is an
upscale Italian chain. It was founded in Italy and is based in Corte Madera,
California. The company owns and operates 22 full-service Italian restaurants in
the United States. Jeremiah McWilliams

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2011 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              937 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                          February 19, 2014, Wednesday

Mayor to consider water test proposal

BYLINE: Rachel Molenda, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1A

LENGTH: 992 words


INSIDE: Tomblin may lift state of emergency in a few days 3A

Charleston Mayor Danny Jones will consider a proposal to test the city's water
following the Jan. 9 chemical leak that contaminated drinking water for 300,000
state residents, he told finance committee members and attending City Council
members Tuesday.

The city should receive a proposal today from an Ohio company outlining how many
places should be tested, how it should be implemented and what the water should
be tested for, Jones said. No plan has been put in place, but Jones said he
wants to test the water in hotels, the Charleston Town Centre and homes in each
of the city's 21 wards.

It's not yet known how much the testing would cost the city, Jones said.

"This is not going to be cheap, but I don't know how we can avoid doing this,"
Jones told council members.

The mayor, who has repeatedly expressed concern for Charleston's image because
of the leak, said the city's "brand has been damaged."

Jones said he personally believes the water is safe to use, but recognized not
everyone feels that way.

Following Tuesday night's council meeting, Jones said the testing serves a dual
purpose: to let those interested in visiting Charleston know what the water's
status is and to quell the public's anxiety about its water quality.

"It's not just about Charleston's brand, but that message went out there just to
try to tell these hotel operators I'm thinking about them, because they've
really been hit hard by this," Jones said. "It's for the public health of this
community."

While federal and state officials, along with West Virginia American Water, have
said water in the nine-county affected area is usable for more than flushing
toilets and fighting fires, many residents aren't convince it's safe for use or
consumption.

Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin announced earlier this month the state would come up with
a plan for testing the region's home plumbing systems for levels of Crude MCHM -
the chemical that leaked into the Elk River in January.

Jones - a state legislator in the late 1980s - was critical of state lawmakers'
and regulatory agencies' work regarding the environment and public health and
safety.

"We thought about environmental issues," Jones said of his time in the
Statehouse. "I'm not sure who's doing that up there now. Somebody should have
been looking out for us and looking out for those nine counties."

City Council members also heard from Sharie Dale, chairwoman of the Girls On The
Run advisory board. Girls On The Run is a nonprofit that promotes getting
elementary school-aged girls to exercise and engage in a healthy lifestyle.

In its second year, the group - which organizes 5K runs with program
participants and the community - has been met with challenges regarding new city
policy that would charge organizations $500 to set up races in Charleston. Dale
said the charge is unaffordable for small groups.

"Most 5Ks are small and benefit local charities and children and supported
completely by volunteers," Dale said.

City Councilman Adam Knauff said he invited Girls On The Run to the meeting and
shared Dale's concern about the policy.

"Right now they're hearing $500 or nothing," Knauff said during the meeting.
"Until we get a policy established, can we not work with these groups ... with
the fee and location and things like that?"

City Manager David Molgaard said the policy hasn't been implemented yet, but the
cost to the city to close streets and provide law enforcement for races "is a
problem."

"In trying to resolve and to balance our budget, we're looking at areas that
continue to impact," Molgaard told council members. "These races are a growing
phenomenon."

Molgaard said his office has come up with two standard race routes - one on the
East End and one in Kanawha City - that would be options for organizations
looking to keep their costs low. If a group wants to close down Kanawha
Boulevard or several streets throughout the city for a race, Molgaard said, the
city "is going try to recoup our costs to do that."

The city is building into its budget - available at the next council meeting - a
proposed fund that would provide assistance to groups in need that want to
organize races, Molgaard said. The Parks and Recreation Committee would
distribute that money - about $20,000.

In other news, the council:

-Heard from Charleston Convention and Visitors Bureau President Alisa Bailey
regarding the upcoming Travel South Showcase. Next week, Charleston will play
host to about 550 tourism industry professionals, who are learning about various
destinations throughout the Southern part of the country.

-Reappointed Lew Tyree to the Charleston Urban Renewal Authority. Tyree's new
term would expire March 3, 2019.

-Approved an application to the Victims of Crime Act grant program for $31,000.
Those potential funds would contribute to the salary of the Charleston Police
Department's victim services coordinator, Kim Engle. The city is required to
provide a 25 percent match of those funds.

-Authorized an application for a Justice Assistance Grant of $87,000 that would
fund a Prevention Resource Officer assigned to Stonewall Jackson Middle School,
Capital High School and George Washington High School. The city would also be
required to match 25 percent of those funds, should they be awarded.

-Approved an application for a Justice Assistance Grant of $280,000 that would
provide funds for MDENT - the Metropolitan Drug Enforcement Network Team. The
city would be responsible for a 25 percent match for supplemental salary and
benefits costs for each participating agency.

-Authorized the city to administer $130,000 from the Transportation Alternatives
Grant program to Piedmont Elementary School for improving sidewalks, crosswalks
and removing obstructive plants on Lee Street. A portion of the funds also would
provide education and outreach regarding walking and biking to school.

Reach Rachel Molenda

at rachel.molenda@wvgazette.com or 304-348-5102

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Charleston Newspapers


                              938 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Star News (Wilmington NC)

                           November 16, 2004, Tuesday

AROUND THE REGION

SECTION: Local/State; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 980 words


Wilmington flushes water lines

To prevent sediment from building up in city of Wilmington water lines, the city
is flushing areas of its water distribution system.

Flushing is necessary to system maintenance and involves discharging water at
high volume through fire hydrants. It may cause residents' water to appear
discolored. When that happens, run the water until it becomes clear. If the
water is clear and water pressure is adequate, it is suitable for use.

Flushing takes place nightly between 10 p.m. and 7 a.m. Flushing areas for the
remainder of the week:

TODAY AND WEDNESDAY: the area bordered by Market Street to the north, Kerr
Avenue and College Road to the east, Oleander Drive to the south, and Covil and
Mercer avenues to the west.

WEDNESDAY THROUGH FRIDAY: the area bordered by Market Street to the north, South
College Road to the east and Kerr Avenue to the west.

For more information, call the Sweeney Water Plant at 343-3690. To view maps of
the affected areas, go to the city's Web site, www.ci .wilmington.nc.us.

Public school report cards issued

Kids aren't the only ones who are getting grades.

North Carolina schools will get their own report cards starting today. The
report cards include information about student performance, class size, safety
and teacher education and qualifications.

Local schools will begin distributing them to parents today. They also can be
accessed at www.ncreportcards.org.

Bridge traffic slowed by sign changes

Motorists traveling west Sunday over the Cape Fear Memorial Bridge may have been
slowed as N.C. Department of Transportation workers replaced green traffic
signs, closing some lanes during the day.

Gene Johnson, traffic services supervisor with the state Transportation
Department in Wilmington, said the next task is replacing signs along U.S. 17
from Wilmington to the South Carolina state line, a project expected to last
into January.

He said lane closures will be limited to about 1,000 feet at a time, and no
lanes will be closed during the weeks of Thanksgiving and Christmas.

"It shouldn't be a great impact on traffic," Mr. Johnson said.

Brunswick agency helps with holidays

Brunswick Family Assistance Agency will distribute food and gifts to nearly 500
families this Christmas through its Tree of Hope program.

The agency will collect nonperishable food at several area locations, including
the Museum of Coastal Carolina at 21 E. Second St., Ocean Isle Beach; and Ingram
Planetarium, the Blue Herring Gallery, Pelican Bookstore, Bloomingdeals and the
Roasted Bean, all at the Village at Sunset Beach.

Items most needed are canned sweet potatoes, cranberry sauce and pumpkin pie
filling; cake mix and frosting; stuffing mix; instant potatoes; rice; macaroni
and cheese; canned fruit, vegetables and baked beans; chicken broth; and canned
milk. Grocery store gift cards can also be donated.

BFAA also will be collecting these items at many Brunswick County grocery stores
Dec. 3-4 and will accept donations at the agency at 5285 Main St., Shallotte.

BFAA serves low-income families in Brunswick County with basic needs. To learn
more, visit www.brunswickfamily.org or call 754-4766.

College to get courses from Mexico

SUPPLY Brunswick Community College is poised to make its mark in distance
learning by inking a cooperation pact with the second-largest educational
institution in Mexico.

Juan Rivas Mora, director of continuing and long-distance education for the
National Polytechnical Institute of Mexico, said the institute plans to export
some of its technical and trades classes to BCC via the Internet and possible
video links to help educate Mexicans and other Spanish-speakers in the area.

The institute, also known by the abbreviation for its Spanish name, IPN, has an
estimated 180,000 students, Mr. Rivas said. The Mexico City school offers a wide
variety of technical training for post-high-school-age students - 16 bachelor's
degree courses in all - which aligns closely with the types of students served
at BCC.

BCC President Mike Reaves said a Mexican delegation that visited BCC also will
tour other community colleges during a visit to the state this week. The group
will meet with the head of the N.C. Community College System, Martin Lancaster,
and with Helga Mattei, director of Hispanic/Latino Initiatives for the system,
to explore more collaboration.

Judges Road partially closed

A portion of Judges Road - from Albemarle Road to Market Street - will be closed
this week because of the ongoing sewer project in the Kings Grant/Crestwood
subdivisions.

Access will be provided to properties along this portion of Judges Road, but
only from Market Street. No through traffic is allowed.

The road closure will be in effect through Sunday.

Questions or comments about the project may be directed to the New Hanover
County Engineering Department at 798-7139.

Plant to practice for emergency

An emergency preparedness exercise in support of the Brunswick Nuclear Power
Plant will take place today, with emergency management officials from several
federal agencies, the state and area counties participating.

The exercise is designed to practice and test the emergency procedures of the
plant and those of federal and state agencies, as well as the emergency response
capabilities of counties around the nuclear facility.

Brunswick and New Hanover counties and the state will activate their emergency
operations centers for the response simulation. At no time during the emergency
exercise will the public be asked to participate or take any action.

The Federal Emergency Management Agency and the Nuclear Regulatory Commission
will hold a public critique of the exercise at 11 a.m. Thursday at the Progress
Energy Brunswick Plant Visitor Center, just north of Southport on N.C. 87.

- From staff reports

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Copyright 2004 Star News


                              939 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            April 8, 2015 Wednesday

The Program for Emergency Assistance to Poor and Vulnerable Community in Ethnic
Minority Areas and Yangon

LENGTH: 178  words


Project will provide community infrastructure support (including access roads
and water supply facilities) for vulnerable communities in Kachin and Shan
States where the need is urgent. These efforts will rehabilitate and improve the
living environment that has been affected by natural disasters and other
factors. In Yangon, assistance for facilitating housing will be provided for the
urban poor to improve the living environment in Yangon where housing constructed
with raw materials has repeatedly been damaged by natural disasters.


Grant amount: 631 million yen
Project completion date : 2016-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : UNITED NATIONS HUMAN SETTLEMENTS PROGRAMME

Address : United Nations Avenue, Gigiri
P.O. Box 30030, 00100
Nairobi, Kenya

Country :Kenya
Email : infohabitat@unhabitat.org

Url : http://unhabitat.org

Financier : United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN-HABITAT),

Financier address : Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA)
Nibancho Center Building 5-25,
Niban-cho, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 102-8012
Tel: +81-3-5226-6660/6661/6662/6663

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              940 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                      January 11, 2013 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Red Cross Helping Recovery in Haiti at Three-Year Anniversary

LENGTH: 570  words


New Delhi, Jan. 11 -- Three years since the Haiti earthquake, hundreds of
thousands of people are living in safer homes and have improved access to water
and health services thanks to the generous donations to the American Red Cross.



In an update on progress made since the magnitude 7.0 quake shook Haiti on
January 12, 2010, the Red Cross described the emergency relief it provided after
the earthquake, the eventual transition from relief to recovery, and the steps
being taken toward building healthier and more resilient communities. The
three-year report can be found at www.redcross.org/Haiti.

"The past year, we have worked to make progress permanent by ensuring people can
leave camps and return to stable communities. This work included building new
homes, repairing quake-damaged homes, helping to complete a new hospital and a
clinic and signing an agreement for a second hospital," said Gail McGovern,
president and CEO of the American Red Cross.

"We are also getting Haiti better prepared to face future threats, and we saw a
positive impact from our efforts to support disaster preparedness in camps when
Tropical Storm Isaac and Hurricane Sandy passed over the country within just
months of each other," McGovern said. "Early warning and evacuation systems
saved lives and property, and the Red Cross was there immediately afterward to
provide quick assistance to those affected by the storms."

As part of its goal to help people move out of camps, the American Red Cross has
assisted more than 20,000 people with rental subsidies and also continued its
work to upgrade transitional homes and repair permanent homes. In addition, the
American Red Cross has been transitioning toward projects that are aimed at
building long-term solutions to meet more than just individual or family needs.
This approach invests in the creation of fully functioning and resilient
communities, from infrastructure and housing solutions to health, sanitation,
livelihoods and disaster preparedness.

Since the earthquake struck, American Red Cross programs in Haiti have:

Provided clean water and sanitation services for more than 545,000 people;

Invested more than $65 million in health services and infrastructure, including
construction or operational funding for several hospitals;

Reached 3.1 million people with cholera response and prevention activities,
including the country's first-ever cholera vaccination campaign;

Assisted more than 465,000 people to be better prepared for disasters like
Tropical Storm Isaac and Hurricane Sandy;

Spent more than $32 million on livelihoods assistance, including grants, job
training, cash-for-work and other help

Virtually all of the $486 million that was donated to the American Red Cross
following the earthquake has been spent, committed or allocated for planned
housing and neighborhood recovery. American Red Cross projects will continue to
provide the people of Haiti with long-term health, clean water and sanitation,
livelihoods and disaster preparedness improvements, even as the organization
remains flexible and prepared to respond to health and disaster emergencies that
may arise.

The American Red Cross remains committed to its support for Haiti and to its
promise to continue to invest in the nation's development until every last
dollar has been spent. On average, 91 cents of every dollar spent by the
American Red Cross goes directly to humanitarian services and programs.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              941 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Daily Independent (Ashland, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 1, 2011 Tuesday

Technology to aid dive team in Grayson

BYLINE: Tim Preston, The Daily Independent, Ashland, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 591 words


Nov. 01--GRAYSON -- Murky, muddy waters are among the toughest obstacles for
rescue and recovery divers to overcome in emergency situations.

With the help of a $21,000 check from Kentucky Homeland Security, however,
divers from Grayson will soon be able to use a side-scan sonar and an underwater
metal detector to see what is obscured from their view.

Kyle Morgan of the Grayson Rescue and Recovery Dive Team approached the City of
Grayson's Emergency Management Agency earlier this year seeking  assistance in
obtaining these two pieces of technology, which would ensure the teams' ability
to complete underwater searches more efficiently. Morgan said the equipment
would benefit not only the Grayson area and Carter County, but also the eastern
part of Kentucky.

Morgan explained that the side scan sonar and underwater metal detector would
provide a key advantage for divers because of its ability to produce a "picture"
of the underwater environment, regardless of visibility.

Working in conjunction, the two instruments will be able to locate submerged
objects ranging from drowning victims to sunken vehicles. The equipment will
also eliminate blind searches and reduce the time divers spend in moving waters
such as rivers or creeks, which is extremely important in difficult or dangerous
situations.

The metal detector could pinpoint personal belongings such as keys, watches,
guns and rings  to give a better location of where a  specific object is
located.

Considering the low number of search and rescue organizations remaining in this
part of the state, and only two dive teams with any close proximity, the Grayson
Rescue and Recovery Dive Team "has been fulfilling its purpose of providing a
properly trained set of divers for underwater searches with the best equipment
available" through metal scrapping operations as well as a previous Kentucky
Homeland Security grant for dry suits.

"Their commitment and dedication have already proved to be a valuable asset to
the community and counties in the Area Seven Region of Kentucky Emergency
Management involving 14 counties. Public and private partnerships have already
developed with Larry Dixon of Kentucky Emergency Management Region 7 including
the surrounding counties, Carter County Firefighters' Association, Marathon
Petroleum Marine Division, Cumberland Ranger District, and London Ranger
District," said Grayson Emergency Services spokesman Joann Dunfee.

Morgan added, "Special thanks of support goes to each agency along with Rocky
Adkins and Jill York, both Kentucky State Representatives for their assistance
in helping the team secure these pieces of equipment."

As a relatively new dive team with a need for additional gear, team members are
continuing to collect scrap metal to be sold as part of a fundraising program to
pay for more equipment. During the past year, the team has received more than
$11,000 for dry suits, which Grayson's Emergency Management Agency was able to
secure for the team.

"The need is great for a dive team with the necessary equipment to successfully
fill a gap in this part of the state for water related emergencies. These two
pieces of technology will enhance the team's ability to serve those in need and
raise the team's performance, enabling them to better fulfill their water
incident missions," Morgan said.

TIM PRESTON can be reached at tpreston@dailyindependent.com or (606) 326-2651.

___ (c)2011 The Daily Independent (Ashland, Ky.) Visit The Daily Independent
(Ashland, Ky.) at www.dailyindependent.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111101-KA-Technology-to-aid-dive-team-in-Grayson-1101-20111101

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KA


                      Copyright 2011 The Daily Independent


                              942 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            November 26, 2010 Friday

Canadian envoy visits flood-affected areas in Pakistan's Sindh Province

LENGTH: 386 words


Text of report by official news agency Associated Press of Pakistan (APP)

Islamabad, 26 November: Canadian High Commissioner to Pakistan Ross Hynes
visited flood-affected areas in Dadu district, Sindh to review the work being
undertaken with Canadian assistance.

At internally displaced persons' camps in Dadu, High Commissioner Hynes was
briefed by local officials as well as representatives of the humanitarian
community, including the World Food Programme, UN Refugee Agency and UNICEF.

"These floods have had a devastating impact on the lives of millions in
Pakistan. The government of Canada will continue to support the immediate relief
and early recovery needs of those affected," stated Canadian High Commissioner
Ross Hynes.

During the visit, High Commissioner Hynes announced that the Canadian High
Commission is providing 700,000 dollars in humanitarian assistance to
Pakistan-based non-governmental organizations through the Canada Fund for Local
Initiatives and Balochistan Responsive Fund. These grants will help build local
capacity by supporting projects designed and implemented by Pakistani
organizations. With this support, grant recipients will distribute basic food
and non- food items, hygiene kits, install water-purification plants, construct
temporary shelters and latrines, repair infrastructure and provide health care
services.

Canada will also provide 100,000 dollars in assistance to the Government of
Pakistan National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) Gender and Child Cell to
better integrate the concerns and needs of women and children into all relief,
early recovery and rehabilitation activities through the formulation of policies
and implementation strategies.

The Government of Canada has responded quickly to the floods providing 52.7m
dollars in assistance to support victims of the floods in Pakistan. In addition,
Canadians have donated 46.8m dollars to flood relief in Pakistan, and the
Government of Canada has put the equivalent amount into the Pakistan Relief Fund
for relief and early recovery assistance. Canadian assistance is providing
emergency food, water, sanitation, agriculture support, shelter, relief
supplies, health services, protection, logistical support and bridges.

Source: Associated Press of Pakistan news agency, Islamabad, in English 0801gmt
26 Nov 10

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2010 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              943 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The NEWS (Monrovia)

                               September 30, 2014

GOL Signed $52 Million Grant

LENGTH: 980 words


The Government of Liberia has signed its first three groundbreaking contract
agreements with key implementing partners for the US$52m Ebola Emergency
Response operation that is intended to accelerate Liberia's response to the
Ebola epidemic across the country.

At the ceremony held at the newly established Ebola Crisis Response Center
Thursday in Sinkor, Finance and Development Planning Minister Amara Konneh said
the contractual agreements with key development partners including the World
Health Organization, the United Nations Children's Fund, the World Food Program,
and the United Nations Office of Project Services will support the provision of
critical and much needed goods and services in the fight against the deadly
Ebola Virus Disease.

According to him, the agreement will support the interventions of these
organizations through the resources that will be directed toward preventing the
further spread of the disease through community outreach and awareness, and
ensuring that the bodies of those who have succumbed to Ebola are disposed of
with dignity and respect.

Minister Konneh said the US$52m grant was provided by the World Bank to
underwrite the cost of running existing Ebola Treatment Units (ETUs) for the
next six months; setting up new ones quickly; and ensuring that our medical
personnel and our patients have everything they need to fight this disease.

The grant forms part of the US$200 million Ebola emergency mobilization first
announced by the World Bank Group in early August. The WBG said that its new
Ebola Emergency Response project mobilized US$52 million for Liberia, the
country with the highest number of Ebola infections, US$28 million for Sierra
Leone, and US$25 million for Guinea.

The Government of Liberia remains immensely grateful to the healthcare
professionals who have committed themselves to the fight against Ebola, despite
all threats to their lives and that of their families, Minister Konneh disclosed
and added that government in turn, remains committed to the safety and fair
compensation of these health workers, as demonstrated by the adequate provision
in this program, for hazard payments to health workers."

The Treasury Chief furthered that Government is keen on increasing access to
healthcare for Ebola and non-Ebola patients across Liberia as efforts to
eradicate the deadly virus continues unabated.

The WB grant supports the efforts by increasing supply of Personal protective
equipment (PPEs); and provides for the establishment of ETUs in Fish Town, River
Gee, while supporting current operations at John FK Medical Center, ELWA
Hospital, Island Clinic, Bong and Foya Treatment Centers.

He said six (6) new ambulances and other vehicles provided under this grant will
ensure that patients will receive quicker response and get access to health
facilities with water and sanitation services to ensure that health workers and
patients will care and be care for in a clean and dignified environment.

Minister Konneh thanked the partners for their supports during this crucial
time. "We thank you for responding to our call as quickly as you have, and for
aligning yourselves to the priorities we have set in order to resolve this
crisis in an efficient and well-coordinated manner," the Treasury Chief pointed
out.

Health and Social Welfare Minister Dr. Walter Gwenigale thanked Liberia's
development partners for the level of support being provided by the country to
respond to the Ebola outbreak. This support, he noted, will strengthen the
capacity of the Government and partners to respond adequately towards containing
the virus.

Peter Graaff, WHO Country Representative recognized the government of Liberia
for its unwavering commitment to protect lives in the wake of the Ebola
outbreak. The WHO official thanked the World bank for making grant available in
a short period. He added that with the signing, "We can move to implementation
and it means we would be able to bring in the supplies needed to fight the
disease."

In remarks delivered on behalf of the World Bank Liberia Country Manager Inguna
Dobraja, the Bank's Senior Country Economist in Liberia, Timothy Bulman assured
the Government and people of Liberia that the Bank will continue to stand with
them during this difficult period of Liberia's existence - fighting the Ebola
epidemic. "We will continue to work with the Government and other development
partners to respond to the Ebola epidemic," he said.

He acknowledged the landmark signing of contracts with key agencies was indeed
significant due to the consolidation of resources, technical expertise and other
response efforts that will facilitate the scaling up of response efforts against
the Ebola epidemic in Liberia.

The ministries of Finance and Development Planning, Health and Social Welfare,
and Agriculture of Liberia worked as one team to convene development partners to
develop an investment plan for the World Bank funds, he disclosed. According to
Mr. Bulman, the investment plan addresses the country's immediate priorities,
including the support to Ebola treatment units (ETUs), revitalization of
essential health services, risk allowances to Ebola workers and health workers
under high-risk environment, surveillance and social mobilization, and food and
water supply to quarantined and Ebola-affected households.

According to the plan, the Government of Liberia contracts out a part of the
implementation of the investment plan to UN Agencies with specific technical and
operational strengths. For example, WHO supports the procurement of personal
protective equipment (PPE) and other technical services, UNICEF procures
essential drugs and supplies and provides water supplies, WFP provides food to
quarantined and Ebola-affected population, and UNOPS supports the procurement of
ambulances. This was a truly collaborative effort under the leadership of the
Government of Liberia.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              944 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           November 27, 2010 Saturday

Pakistan: Canadian High Commissioner visits flood-hit Dadu

LENGTH: 384  words

DATELINE: ISLAMABAD


ISLAMABAD, Nov. 27 -- Canadian High Commissioner to

Pakistan Ross Hynes visited flood-affected areas in Dadu district,

Sindh to review the work being undertaken with Canadian assistance.

At internally displaced persons' camps in Dadu, High

Commissioner Hynes was briefed by local officials as well as

representatives of the humanitarian community, including the World

Food Program, UN Refugee Agency and UNICEF.

"These floods have had a devastating impact on the lives of

millions in Pakistan. The government of Canada will continue to

support the immediate relief and early recovery needs of those

affected," stated Canadian High Commissioner Ross Hynes.

During the visit, High Commissioner Hynes announced that the

Canadian High Commission is providing $700,000 in humanitarian

assistance to Pakistan-based non-governmental organizations through

the Canada Fund for Local Initiatives and Balochistan Responsive

Fund.

These grants will help build local capacity by supporting

projects designed and implemented by Pakistani organizations. With

this support, grant recipients will distribute basic food and non-

food items, hygiene kits, install water-purification plants,

construct temporary shelters and latrines, repair infrastructure and

provide health care services.

Canada will also provide $100,000 in assistance to the

Government of Pakistan National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA)

Gender and Child Cell to better integrate the concerns and needs of

women and children into all relief, early recovery and

rehabilitation activities through the formulation of policies and

implementation strategies.

The Government of Canada has responded quickly to the floods

providing $52.7 million in assistance to support victims of the

floods in Pakistan. In addition, Canadians have donated $46.8

million to flood relief in Pakistan, and the Government of Canada

has put the equivalent amount into the Pakistan Relief Fund for

relief and early recovery assistance.

Canadian assistance is providing emergency food, water,

sanitation, agriculture support, shelter, relief supplies, health

services, protection, logistical support and bridges Published by HT Syndication
with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this
article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              945 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   January 24, 1996, Wednesday, Final Edition

Part of Md. to Get Disaster Aid; 5 Counties Qualify as Flood Cleanup Continues

David Montgomery; Todd Shields, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: METRO; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 1087 words


Federal disaster relief was approved for five flood-soaked counties in Maryland
yesterday as communities from New York to Virginia continued to clean streets,
bail out treatment plants and tally the damage from the most widespread
mid-Atlantic flooding in memory.

The effect on the Washington area did not reach disastrous dimensions by federal
definitions, but the pain could be measured in the business lost to Alexandria
and Georgetown restaurants, the temporary crippling of the boat at Whites Ferry
on the Potomac River, and the washing out of the C&O Canal towpath below Great
Falls.

Just outside the region, a sodden disorder persisted. In Marlinton, W.Va., an
hour's drive north of Roanoke, the National Guard protected houses and
businesses in the devastated town. In Buchanan, Va., outside Roanoke, fuel tanks
and tree trunks littered a downtown business district to which local officials
had hoped to attract customers rather than the James River. Around Wilkes-Barre
in northeastern Pennsylvania, 500 people remained homeless, and officials were
planning for an estimated $ 100 million in repairs.

Amid the mud, ice and erosion, this bit of good news was salvaged: Most of the
small herd of deer that bobbed down the Potomac River on Sunday apparently
survived.

At least five of the seven deer bounded ashore near the Lincoln Memorial and
became penned in construction fencing around FDR Memorial Park. Rangers and
Humane Society specialists left a gate open overnight, and the deer made their
getaway to parts unknown.

The weekend floods -- which sprang from quick-melting snow, rain and a long,
warm breath of wind -- caught people in what federal officials call a "major
disaster."

In Point of Rocks, Md., dental assistant Linda Jones's house was submerged under
four feet of water, her water heater and furnace were destroyed and her cabinets
waterlogged.

All things considered, she said, her home fared well, and she plans to repair
the structural damage and move back in -- for the time being.

"We were flooded 10 years ago," she said. "When I can get this house fixed back
up and give people a little time to forget, I think I'd like to move. Twice is
enough for me."

President Clinton yesterday granted Maryland Gov. Parris N. Glendening's request
for disaster aid. The action makes available emergency grants of as much as $
12,900 for homeowners and low-interest loans of as much as $ 1.5 million for
businesses in the four Maryland panhandle counties on the Potomac, as well as
Cecil County in northeast Maryland on the Susquehanna River. The money can be
used for flood repairs.

The American Red Cross estimated that as many as 500 homes in Maryland were
damaged in the flood.

By late yesterday afternoon, about 200 people from Maryland had called a hot
line to inquire about federal grants and loans, and about 4,800 calls had been
logged from Pennsylvania, where 26 counties previously had been approved for
assistance, said Morrie Goodman, spokesman for the Federal Emergency Management
Agency.

The governors of Virginia and West Virginia still were assessing whether to seek
disaster aid.

The Potomac was returning to normal levels yesterday, but the destruction was
evident along the shore.

At Whites Ferry, where the ferryboat Jubal Early links Montgomery County with
Loudoun County, service remained suspended because the ferry cable and car ramp
were submerged.

As much as 80 percent to 90 percent of the C&O Canal towpath was under water
during the flood, and large segments were severely damaged, according to Douglas
Faris, superintendent of the 184-mile-long C&O Canal National Historical Park.

There was a 200-foot washout of the towpath at the Old Angler's Inn below Great
Falls.

A four-foot wall of 2,500 sandbags saved the 150-year-old Great Falls Tavern,
but the historic Williamsport visitors center was flooded.

Even flood waters eventually seek their own level, and a growing concern was the
effect of the Potomac and Susquehanna rivers deluge on their ultimate
destination: the Chesapeake Bay.

The flooding slammed the bay with the greatest wash of fresh water, sediment and
pollution since Hurricane Agnes in 1972.

Fortunately, scientists said, it was a winter flood, and much of the bay's life
is dormant for the season, so adverse effects might be muted.

"The good news might be in the timing of the event," said Scott Phillips,
Chesapeake Bay coordinator for the U.S. Geological Survey. It will take several
months -- until grasses begin to grow and destructive algae might begin to bloom
-- before scientists can assess the floods' effect, he said.

Back upstream, in the flood waters' wake, teams of federal and state officials
began trying to estimate the cost of repairs.

In Port Deposit, Md., on the Susquehanna, where as many as 700 residents were
evacuated and 60 homes and businesses were damaged, town officials said there
had been at least $ 30,000 in damage to the sewage treatment plant and as much
as $ 50,000 in damage to the Water Witch Fire Co. Its members had not been able
to save equipment in the fire hall from the floods because they were so busy
rescuing stranded residents from their front porches.

Port Deposit was a picnic compared with Marlinton.

In the West Virginia town of 1,100 people about 65 miles north of Roanoke,
destruction was profound four days after the Greenbrier River surged over its
banks.

"I wouldn't call it recovery," said Acting Mayor Jean Hite. "We're totally
devastated. It's probably the saddest thing I've ever seen. . . . Everything
that is on the flat part of town was under water."

About 400 homes were still too damaged for families to return. Prospects for
repairs were grim.

"All of our building supply places were wiped out, so there are no pipes, there
are no fixtures," Hite said.

National Guard troops and police lent by neighboring communities staffed
roadblocks to forestall any looters or gawkers, and the town imposed a 10 p.m.
curfew.

"We have only three businesses left functioning" of 49 workplaces in the town,
where a tannery and a shoe manufacturing plant recently closed, Hite said.

"All of them are not going to come back. They hadn't even got their [federal]
loans paid off from the last flood [in 1985]. And there they are, totally
devastated again.

"It's a picture you can't imagine. It is so horrible."

Staff writers Justin Gillis, Jon Jeter, Eugene L. Meyer, Brian Mooar and Peter
Pae contributed to this report.


LOAD-DATE: January 24, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration, The Washington Post, HOW TO GET FLOOD RELIEF Assistance
is available to victims of the weekend flooding fromgovernment and private
sources. Here is where to find help: * Some Marylanders whose homes or
businesses were damaged by flooding might be eligible for grants of as much as
$12,900 or low-interest loans under a federal disaster declaration. To apply for
aid, call 1-800-462-9029.  * For questions about insurance coverage and the
recent weather disasters, call the National Insurance Consumer Helpline at
1-800-942-4242.  * For questions about the National Flood Insurance Program,
call 1-800-638-6620.  * For questions about flood insurance, visit the United
Homeowners Association's page on the World Wide Web: http://uha.org. For
questions not covered on the Web page, e-mail the organization at aclarkuha.org.
* The American Red Cross is providing emergency shelter and assistance in
flooded areas. Call your local chapter for help. To donate aid to flood victims,
call 1-800-HELPNOW.

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                              946 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                            January 18, 2011 Tuesday
                         1 - All-round Country Edition

BAILLIEU TASK FORCE SET UP FOR VICTORIA'S FLOOD VICTIMS `This emergency is not
yet over' --- 2011 FLOOD DISASTER

BYLINE: Cameron Stewart

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 456  words


THE Victorian government will provide at least $40 million to help rebuild
dozens of towns and communities devastated by the state's floods.

At least $30m of this will be spent on repairing essential public infrastructure
such as roads and bridges damaged by the record floodwaters that have inundated
a quarter of Victoria.

Premier Ted Baillieu also established a cabinet flood task force to co-ordinate
immediate help for those in the 43 towns and communities that have been directly
affected by some of the most serious flooding in the state's history.

``This emergency is not yet over and communities are going to need government
support,'' Mr Baillieu said yesterday.

``There is a lot to do and we're going to do it.''

The Premier yesterday asked Prime Minister Julia Gillard to declare the
Victorian floods a ``severe event'', triggering an extra $4m in state and
federal government assistance to community groups to help them recover.

``This is one of the most serious flooding events in Victoria's history,'' he
said.

``We have 21 councils, 43 towns, more than 1360 properties affected and more
than 3400 people who have been directly impacted with many of those have been
evacuated.

``There are many vulnerable people who need our support,'' he said.

Ms Gillard visited the border town of Echuca on the Murray River yesterday.

She praised the spirit of the locals who are now seeing floodwaters slowly
subsiding after they threatened to swamp the town at the weekend. ``The same
people that have struggled with years and years of drought and then we have the
locusts and now we've got the floods, so Mother Nature has been here with all
sorts of contradictory challenges, drought on the one hand and flood on the
other,'' the Prime Minister said. Mr Baillieu, who spent the weekend travelling
through flood-affected towns, said he had witnessed firsthand the devastation
caused to families and to communities.

He said it was ``incredibly confronting'' to fly across northern Victoria and
see ``enormous sheets of water'' covering farmland and inundating townships.

The government's assistance package will include $15,000 grants to eligible
small businesses and primary producers.

The Premier also urged insurance companies to be generous in their
interpretation of the coverage of the thousands of properties across the state
that had been damaged in the floods.

He pledged that the government would conduct a review of the floods once the
emergency had passed to see if anything could be done better in the future to
reduce the impact of such extreme weather events.

The Victorian government has also established an appeal with the Australian Red
Cross to support the victims of the Victorian floods.

Donations can be made by calling 1800 811 700

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              947 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                          February 12, 2014 Wednesday

Senate drought bill offers $300 million, no waiving of environmental laws

BYLINE: By Josh Richman jrichman@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Politics; News; National; State; Science and Tech

LENGTH: 1234 words


California's and Oregon's Democratic senators offered a drought relief bill
Tuesday that stands in stark contrast to the Republican bill the House approved
last week, setting up a tough battle when lawmakers eventually try to merge the
two.

The Senate bill would grant $300 million in emergency aid and require federal
agencies to do all they can to boost water supplies, while the GOP bill had
focused more on lifting environmental restrictions to allow more water to be
pumped from the Delta south to San Joaquin Valley farms.

The stakes grow higher as water levels recede. Recent rains made no significant
dent in California's huge water deficit, leaving the state still looking at its
worst drought in more than half a century. The Golden State's $45 billion
agricultural sector is at risk of devastation, some smaller water districts
might run dry in the next few months, and delicate ecosystems hang in the
balance.

President Barack Obama will speak about drought relief Friday in Fresno, most
likely with this new bill as rhetorical fodder. Obama, like California leaders
and House Democrats, had blasted the House GOP bill as a water grab for
agriculture at the environment's expense and a political power play that would
undermine years of difficult negotiations. Agricultural and environmental groups
alike praised the senators' bill Tuesday, if only as a first step.

"This bill provides operational flexibility to increase water supplies and
primes federal agencies to make the best use of any additional rain," U.S. Sen.
Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., said in a news release. "With so little water
available, we must focus on streamlining federal programs and provide what
assistance we can to those farmers and communities being hit the hardest."

But House Republican Whip Kevin McCarthy, R-Bakersfield, issued a statement
saying the Senate bill "disappointingly focuses mainly on treating the symptoms
of fallowed fields and dry spigots instead of taking steps toward curing the
root of the problem so that our communities can receive more water.

"The problem that must be solved is our communities' ability to capture and
store the water that they have contracted and paid for," McCarthy said.
"Californians are interested in a serious conversation to end the madness of our
man-made water crisis."

In a joint statement, six Northern California House Democrats said the Senate
measure was a huge improvement but still threatened the north state environment,
economy and protections for endangered fish.

The Senate bill includes $100 million in emergency funds for Interior Department
projects to rapidly increase water supplies and $100 million in emergency aid
for farmers to fund water conservation measures protecting lands and sensitive
watersheds.

There's also $25 million for conservation projects and to protect and upgrade
water systems; $25 million for community anti-drought projects; $25 million for
public and nonprofit institutions to aid low-income migrant and seasonal
farmworkers directly harmed by the drought; and $25 million for private forest
landowners to carry out conservation measures.

Spending aside, the bill would require the Interior and Commerce departments to
work with California to maximize water supplies by keeping a key Delta facility
open as long as possible without harming salmon fisheries; allowing as much
Delta pumping as possible without harming the Delta smelt; and letting water
districts sell or trade surplus supply to drier districts through the Delta.

It also would amend federal law to give more individual emergency aid for major
droughts when the president declares an emergency; require a federal ruling
within 10 days of a state's request on projects and operations that can provide
additional water supply; and more.

The Democrats' bill will require agencies to help relieve communities "hardest
hit by this unprecedented drought and make investments to move and conserve
water to help our entire state," said U.S. Sen. Barbara Boxer, D-Calif. "The
goal of this bill is to bring us together to address this crisis, rather than
divide us."

That was a dig at the House Republican bill, which critics said benefits
agriculture at the expense of the environment and ordinary Californians.

Western Growers President and CEO Tom Nassif said the Senate should take up and
pass the bill as soon as possible "so it can move quickly to a conference with
the House bill passed last week."

"If reasonable accommodation can be made between the two and merged into a
single bill in a bipartisan effort, benefits can be realized by all California
water users," Nassif said.

Environmentalists want to see as little of the House bill as possible included
in the final legislation. One key environmental attorney praised the senators'
recognition that "it is lack of rain, and not environmental protections, that is
the cause of the current situation."

Complying with existing state and federal law is the right approach, said Kate
Poole, senior attorney with the Natural Resources Defense Council, but her group
wants to make sure "there are no unintended consequences that might unfairly
shift the burdens of the drought onto one set of water users at the expense of
another."

Gov. Jerry Brown's administration, which had lambasted the House GOP bill as
undermining the state's right to address its water needs and years of bipartisan
collaboration, also praised the senators' bill Tuesday. California Natural
Resources Secretary John Laird said it offers "common sense solutions to our
drought crisis that don't pit Californians against each other."

"It's clear that the senators respect our state laws and regulations, and this
bill reinforces actions the state is taking with our federal partners," he said.

Josh Richman covers politics. Contact him at 510-208-6428. Follow him
atTwitter.com/josh_richman . Read the Political Blotter atIBAbuzz.com/politics .

what they're saying

About the Senate Democrats' water bill

"This bill provides operational flexibility to increase water supplies and
primes federal agencies to make the best use of any additional rain. With so
little water available, we must focus on streamlining federal programs and
provide what assistance we can to those farmers and communities being hit the
hardest."
-- U.S. Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif.

"Unfortunately, this proposal disappointingly focuses mainly on treating the
symptoms of fallowed fields and dry spigots instead of taking steps toward
curing the root of the problem so that our communities can receive more water.
The problem that must be solved is our communities' ability to capture and store
the water that they have contracted and paid for. ... Californians are
interested in a serious conversation to end the madness of our man-made water
crisis"
-- House Majority Whip Kevin McCarthy, R-Bakersfield

"Our bill will require all agencies to use their existing authority to help
provide relief to communities hardest hit by this unprecedented drought and make
investments to move and conserve water to help our entire state. The goal of
this bill is to bring us together to address this crisis, rather than divide
us."
-- U.S. Sen. Barbara Boxer, D-Calif.

"California, especially the San Joaquin Valley has been suffering from drought
conditions severely exacerbated by erroneous federal regulations for several
years. ... "
-- Rep. David Valadao, R-Hanford, author of last week's House bill

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Water begins to collect in Lake Oroville at Lime Saddle Marina as rain
returned to help with drought conditions Saturday, Feb. 8, 2014 in Paradise,
Calif. (AP Photo/Chico Enterprise-Record, Jason Halley)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              948 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              May 3, 2014 Saturday

City approves funds to repair decaying homes;
Residents with low, moderate incomes may qualify for assistance.;
COMPLETE COVERAGE

BYLINE: By Cornelius Frolik

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 429 words


Dayton city commissioners approved spending $300,000 to help fix up decaying
homes that can threaten neighborhood stability and home prices and lead to
abandonment.

Half of the Community Development Block funds will be used to improve homes in
the Old North Dayton and McCook neighborhoods that belong to residents with low
and moderate incomes. The rest of the money will help low-income homeowners
citywide for emergency repairs that promote safer living conditions and energy
efficiency.

Eligible homeowners in Old North Dayton and McCook can receive painting vouchers
or emergency repair work.

CityWide Development Corporation will be in charge of marketing the program to
targeted households and qualifying applicants, coordinating repairs and
certifying completion of repairs and exterior painting work, city officials
said.

Paint programs can be extremely effective at improving the aesthetics and curb
appeal of a neighborhood, said Aaron Sorrell, the city's director of planning
and community development.

"You've got older, wood-frame homes ... it's often the biggest problem (these
homes have) that you can see from the street," Sorrell said. "A well-painted
home is important."

Community Action Partnership of the Greater Dayton Area will administer the
citywide emergency repair program, which benefits homeowners at or below 80
percent of the area median income.

The program often provides a lifeline to homeowners who are physically and
financially unable to make desperately needed repairs, officials said.

"Part of our goal is to help people who age in place be able to take care of
their properties, and (help) people who can't afford to take care of their
properties by giving them resources to do that," said Dayton Mayor Nan Whaley.

The funds will pay for health and safety improvements, such as fixing cracked
ceilings and eliminating plumbing problems, said Barry Strahorn, the community
action partnership's assistant weatherization director.

Strahorn said the maximum amount of grant money available to each eligible
homeowner is $7,500 but those funds often cover repairs that prevent owners from
ditching their homes. The funds often pay for repairs that take care of problems
that prevented the homes from being eligible for other types of assistance.

"If you don't have domestic hot water or a heating system, it's not going to be
long before you have to abandon that property," he said. "A small injection of a
small amount of money may be able to stabilize some additional homes."

Contact this reporter at 937-225-0749 or email Cornelius. Frolik@coxinc.com

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              949 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Tenterfield Star

                                February 7, 2012

Disaster status for shire

SECTION: NEWS - GENERAL

LENGTH: 521  words


TENTERFIELD has been included on a list of disaster zone areas and will be
eligible for thousands of dollars in funding to fix local roads and bridges
damaged by recent rainfall.

Minister for Emergency Services Mike Gallagher made the announcement on Thursday
afternoon and included Tenterfield alongside the local government areas of
Moree, Narabri and Gwydir.

Tenterfield Shire Council acting general manager Glenn Inglis said heavy rain
around Australia Day had damaged roads and bridges in the eastern parts of the
shire.

The initial damage bill was estimated to be about $280,000 but Mr Inglis said he
expected it to increase.

"There were some parts still under water so we weren't able to make an
assessment of those areas," he said.

"My expectation is that the $280,000 figure will rise, probably to over
$300,000."

Mr Inglis said the declaration would allow council to access grant funding that
would cover 100 per cent of emergency work, 75 per cent of work up to $116,000,
and 100 per cent of work above that to restore roads to pre-flood conditions.

The local branch of the State Emergency Service (SES) said they had only been
required at two flood assistance calls, both of which involved helping people
cross flooded causeways.

However a number of members have been on standby to help crews in Moree and
Tamworth.

Member for Northern Tablelands Richard Torbay said while some areas such as
Moree faced mass evacuations, the main impact in the Northern Tablelands had
been road closures, loss of crops and infrastructure damage.

"The declaration of Natural Disasters by the Minister for Emergency Services is
a welcome step to provide additional assistance to councils, business owners and
individuals adversely impacted by the recent ongoing wet weather," Mr Torbay
said.

"While parts of the state are facing isolation due to floods, the ongoing wet
weather across this region is causing further damage to roads, bridges and farm
infrastructure not yet fully recovered from damaging weather late last year.

"Ratepayers are now faced with massive bills to rectify this ongoing damage and
I will continue to seek further assistance through the federal government Roads
to Recovery Program which is part of the Nation Building Program.

"Put simply, councils are not in a position to rectify damage from these ongoing
natural disasters without substantial support from federal and state
governments."

Assistance available through Natural Disaster Declarations on an eligibility
basis includes;

B Personal hardship and distress assistance - 1800 018 444 www.community.
nsw.gov.au

B Primary producers - loans of up to $130,000 at a concessional interest rate.
Inquiries 1800 678 593 www.raa.nsw.gov.au

B Primary producers - transport subsidies. Inquiries - 1800 814 647
www.dpi.nsw.gov.au

B Small businesses loans of up to $130,000. Inquiries 1800 678 593
www.raa.nsw.gov.au

B Parks and reserves trustees - grants may be made available to those parties
responsible for managing Crown Land, parks and reserves www.lands.nsw.gov.au

B Sporting clubs - possible grants available Ph: 9228 5181 to inquire about
eligibility.

LOAD-DATE: February 07, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2012 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              950 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Ledger (Lakeland, Florida)

                             July 23, 2000, Sunday

EXPLORATIONS V PARTICIPATES IN LIBRARY OF CONGRESS PROJECT; POTPOURRI

BYLINE: LORRAINE VALERINO The Ledger and YVONNE McSHAY The Ledger

SECTION: Life; Pg. D6

LENGTH: 1134 words


Before the summer got under way, Lakeland's Georgann Carlton, a board member and
campaign director for Explorations V Children's Museum, traveled to Washington,
D.C. to attend the Celebration of the Bicentennial Local Legacies Project, a
national project of the Library of Congress, which celebrated its 200th birthday
April 24.

"The Local Legacies project was designed to document and pay tribute to the
nation's rich cultural heritage," said Carlton. "The Library of Congress was
fostering community projects to ensure that future generations will have access
to important 'cultural' snapshots of American tradition, folklore and everyday
life.

"I was contacted by Congressman Charles Canady's office last spring to be one of
the local participants in the project," said Carlton. "Participants were asked
to nominate a local project, prepare photos and materials documenting the
project and submit them by December 1999," said Carlton, adding that the local
children's museum was selected as one of the 1,300 U.S. projects registered.
"These have become a part of the collections of the American Folklife Center at
the Library of Congress. This was a once-in-a-lifetime project to preserve the
rich diversity, unique traditions and local history of American communities,"
said Carlton, who met with other representatives from throughout the country May
23 for a reception at the Library of Congress. Other local contributorss
included Cypress Gardens: The Most Beautiful Day Around, Arcadia All Florida
Championship Rodeo and the Sun N Fun EEA Fly-In.

To learn more about the local contribution and others, visit the Library of
Congress Local Legacies website at http://www.loc.gov/bicentennial

RED CROSS GRANT

Representatives from American Red Cross of Polk County were all smiles in early
June after receiving a grant from Walt Disney World's "Ears to You" program.

The local chapter was given a grant through Walt Disney's Volunt-Ear project for
non-profit organizations. The groups are given grant money from the money
collected from the company's many reflecting pools, moats and ponds. "Disney
matches to the money collected," said Lisa Miller of the local Red Cross
chapter. "This year, there was $ 64,000 distributed to 74 non-profit
organizations."

The local chapter was considered for the grant money because of the request of
Disney employee Karen Green, who is also a Red Cross volunteer for the area.
"She is part of a Disaster Action team that responds to provide assistance to
people involved in disasters and to the emergency works on the scene," said
Miller.

Green, accompanied by Paul Womble, an emergency services specialist, and Karen
Creighton, director of emergency services, accepted the grant, which will be
used to purchase a utility trailer that will aid in the relief efforts of the
Emergency Services' Disaster Action Teams. For more information about the work
of the Polk County Red Cross chapter, call Mary Ellin Turner at 294-5941.

PLANT CITY HIGH HONOREE

Congratulations to Anthony Rodriguez of Plant City High School, who was elected
president of the Florida Technology Student Association, a statewide office. He
was named to lead the organization during a recent state conference in Altamonte
Springs.

Rodriguez served as state treasurer during the 1999-2000 school year and is now
a senior at PCHS.

WATER SCHOOL GRADS

Congratulations to the recent Polk County Extension Water School graduates, a
program through the University of Florida Cooperative Extension Service.
Graduates are: Vincent Akhimie, Coy Castleberry, Cynthis Clifford, John Dame,
Chris Desai, William Fritze, David Hafer, Keith Hall, Ester Jackson, Norris Jay,
Terry Loomis, Mark Mikolon, Jim Moore, Hinh Nguyen, Sharon Siegel, Gloria
Castleberry, Griffin Crosby Jr., Joanne McClellan, Cheryl Schwartz, Larry
Parsons and Beverly Sidenstick.

The theme for the graduation ceremony, presented in early June, was Water for
the Next Century, and graduates were congratulated by Polk County Commissioners
Neil Combee, Marlene Young, Bruce Parker, Janet Shearer and Randy Wilkinson.

AME ELECTION

On July 11th, at the 46th session of the general conference of the African
Methodist Episcopal Church, the Rev. Preston Warren Williams II was elected and
consecrated as the 119th bishop of the church. Bishop Williams, who has
relatives in Lakeland, is the pastor of Allen Temple AME of Atlanta, where under
his leadership the church's 580-unit apartment complex was awarded $ 22 million
for renovation and to provide affordable housing to families and senior
citizens.

Bishop Williams' relatives in Lakeland include his daughter, Priscilla Williams;
aunt, Mae Bradley, widow of maternal uncle John Bradley; and cousin, Hildard
Green.

BEAUTY PAGEANT

Nine-year-old Lyanna M. Frost- Madden, the daughter of Keith and Carmen Frost
Madden of Lakeland has qualified as a state finalist in the Annual Miss America
Sweetheart Pageant to be held Aug. 4-6 at the Hyatt Regency in Tampa.

Lyanna is activite in Polk Scholastic Chess and Dixieland Elementary's chorus.

LIONS ROAR

The International Association of Lions Club, downtown group, is ready for its
main fund-raiser, the football kickoff dinner, which is to be held Tuesday, Aug.
8, at the Lake Mirror Civic Center.

Tickets are $ 25 and include food, fun, entertainment and door prizes.

Special guest speaker is Lee Roy Selmon from the University of South Florida.
Other speakers include Lakeland area high school coaches.

For tickets contact Joe Wortman at 644-3153 or Lakeland Lions at 688-8855.

PITTER PATTER

Congratlations to Joni and David Lewis of Bartow on the birth of Zachary David
Lewis on April 25 at Brandon Medical Center.

Zachary weighed 7 pounds, 7 ounces measured 21 inches. His joins big sister
Haley Lewis. Proud grandparents are Cathy and Bob Lewis of Bartow and Mary Jo
and Roger Ausburn of Plant City.

BELATED

Belated birthday wishes to Donna Holm, who celebrated her special day July 12.
Also to Kayleigh Hair who turned 12, July 18; Jason Alan Howell (15), July 14;
Shari Lee Taylor (31), Kathy Strickland, Tracie Hurley Howell, July 15; Elaine
Knauer, Cindy Weber, July 16; Matthew McGowan (15), Chasey Thornton, July 17;
Heather Thorpe (22), July 19; Steve Butler, July 20; Corena Lambert, John
Wilkes, Tom McAllister, Inez Mitchell (76), July 21.

Belated anniversary wishes to: Paula and Mike Creamer (12), July 16; Kim and
Doug Brady (7), July 17; Rosemary and Richard Mengeling (34), July 21; and to
Pat and Kelly Hicks (5), July 22.

BIRTHDAYS

Happy greetings to: Ariel Driskell, Brian Longacre (20), Jarend Register (19)
(Thursday); Katherine Miksell, Natasha Jones, Alan Green, David Green (3)
(Friday); Michael Mitchell (19), Joan Brozo (Saturday).


LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Lyanna M. Frost-Madden is a state finalist in the Annual Miss America
Sweetheart Pageant.

             Copyright 2000 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                              951 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                       JANUARY 22, 1996 Monday SF EDITION

U.S. PLEDGES DISASTER AID IN PA. FLOODS< SIX COUNTIES IN THE SUSQUEHANNA RIVER
DRAINAGE BASIN ARE TARGETED< FOR THE AID. MORE COUNTIES WILL BE ADDED AS DAMAGE
REPORTS COME IN.

BYLINE: Sandy Bauers, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1235 words


President Clinton declared Pennsylvania a federal disaster area yesterday,
promising millions of dollars in aid to communities inundated by floodwaters
caused by Friday's heavy rains and melting snowpack.

Six counties were designated for immediate disaster relief: Columbia, Dauphin,
Luzerne, Montour, Perry and Snyder. Included are the cities of Harrisburg,
Wilkes-Barre and Bloomsburg. All are in the Susquehanna River drainage basin.

The Federal Emergency Management Agency said more counties were likely to be
added as damage assessments are made this week.

The declaration drew a less-than-grateful response yesterday from Gov. Ridge,
who had asked that 58 of the state's 67 counties be included in the disaster
designation - not just for the flooding, but for the blizzard that preceded it.

Ridge said the federal government wanted Pennsylvania to think it had been given
a "pot of gold. It's fool's gold as far as I'm concerned."

Statewide, hundreds of roads in low-lying areas were either flooded yesterday or
cluttered with debris, such as tree branches and huge ice blocks that the
receding water left behind. Engineers with the Pennsylvania Department of
Transportation planned to assess bridges today to see which could reopen.

Getting around the state remained difficult. Interstate 376, the main route
through downtown Pittsburgh, was closed for the third straight day.

In Harrisburg, where the Susquehanna River began slowly falling yesterday, a
bridge stayed closed, and railroad tracks east of the city were covered, halting
Amtrak service between Harrisburg and Philadelphia. Amtrak was using buses
between Harrisburg and Lancaster.

Some communities had water-supply problems. Allegheny County sent tankers to
supply water to several suburban communities, and 10 towns around Harrisburg
lost water service Saturday when water covered a main filtration plant.

The state Department of Environmental Protection urged well-water users to boil
water if it is unusually cloudy or has an unusual odor.

In Pittsburgh, officials set up three centers to give tetanus shots to cleanup
workers who were at risk of cutting themselves on debris. About 100 displaced
residents remained in shelters yesterday.

As many as 1,000 people in Luzerne County still could not return to their homes.

In the Philadelphia area, communities along the Delaware River in Bucks County
and New Jersey were among the hardest hit by the flash floods, which resulted
after heavy, warm rains Friday broke up ice jams along streams and creeks, and
melted mounds of snow - in some areas up to 40 inches - that had fallen during
the region's record-breaking snowstorm Jan. 7 and 8.

Many smaller streams crested Friday and had receded for the most part by
Saturday. But the Delaware, into which the small streams flowed, did not crest
at Trenton until 1:30 a.m. yesterday, reaching its highest level since the
record flood of 1955.

It was unclear how the Philadelphia area would benefit from the disaster
declaration because no Southeastern Pennsylvania counties were among those
initially named for disaster relief.

Under the declaration, FEMA will make available temporary housing, individual
family and home repair grants, disaster unemployment benefits and low-interest
loans to businesses and homeowners, said Administrator James Lee Witt.

In addition, U.S. Transportation Secretary Federico Pe na said, $1 million in
federal money was freed to remove debris from federal highways.

Last night, a spokesman for Ridge said the governor had spoken with Clinton to
make his case for widening the disaster declaration. Ridge wants Pennsylvanians
to get federal disaster aid for snow as well as the flooding, wants most of the
state made eligible for the aid, and wants governmental agencies - not just
individuals and businesses - to be eligible for assistance.

Under the current declaration, "state, county and municipal governments that
devoted all their resources to saving lives and property will not be
reimbursed," said Tim Reeves, Ridge's press secretary.

So far, the federal government has offered only very limited relief for the
effects of the blizzard, Reeves said. He said the flooding highlighted an unfair
contrast.

"You literally could have two homes right next to each other, with one home
flooded and the next one with its roof collapsed from snow, and only one is
eligible for federal assistance," Reeves said. "In our view, that makes no
sense."

He said the Ridge administration contended that the blizzard and flooding
amounted to "a sequential natural disaster."

As the rivers and streams receded yesterday, thousands of Philadelphia-area
residents who had been evacuated from their homes and businesses returned to
begin pumping water and removing mud. Among the more famous basements being
pumped were those of the Governor's Mansion in Harrisburg and the Statehouse in
Trenton.

From Washington Crossing through New Hope and up through northern Bucks County,
the deluge forced many businesses along River Road to close. Communities along
the river, including portions of Tinicum Township, New Hope, Lambertville,
Yardley and Trenton, were evacuated Saturday night.

At least $2 million worth of damage can be attributed to the floods in Tinicum
Township, north of New Hope, according to Tom Rimmer, the township's emergency
management coordinator.

He estimated that nearly 40 homes were affected. Oil and fuel tanks were broken
from their foundations, and a foot or more of caked ice washed onto land was
jammed against houses.

Rescue crews had their hands full saving stranded motorists, Rimmer said. In
Tinicum, 63 people had to be rescued because they either ignored barricades
across sections of closed roads or refused to evacuate while they could still
get out.

Elsewhere, although many areas were flooded, houses and other structures escaped
serious damage.

John Dougherty, the Bucks County coordinator of emergency management, said, "I
don't think it was as bad as the initial fears. Early on, we were getting
reports of a 10-foot wall of water. We didn't get anything like that."

PennDot spokesman Gene Blaum said that several roads near the Brandywine River
in Delaware and southern Chester Counties were covered by thick patches of ice
and that the agency recommended that motorists avoid them this morning.

Those included Route 100 south of Route 1 in Delaware County, and a stretch of
Route 100 between Routes 52 and 926 in Chester County. Blaum also said that
Northbrook Road in West Bradford Township would be closed this morning.

He said that in Montgomery County, Sanatoga Road in Limerick Township was in bad
shape because of icing, and that although PennDot crews planned to work on the
road last night, it was not clear whether it would be driveable this morning.

In Riegelsville, PennDot officials spent much of yesterday trying to chisel
through up to two feet of ice along River Road. Long stretches of the road near
Yardley were closed, too, because large chunks of ice had washed onto the
highway.

As bad as the flood was, it did not approach the level of the famous 1955 flood.
Along River Road, swatches of paint high on the rock embankment mark the level
of that flood, in which the river crested at 30.3 feet in Trenton. By
comparison, the river crested at 22.2 feet yesterday. Flood stage is 20 feet.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: THE FLOOD: DAMAGE REVEALED

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
PHOTO (1)
1. Damaged cars litter a parking lot along the Allegheny River in downtown
Pittsburgh. Many roads, including Interstate 376, the main route through the
city, remained closed yesterday. (Associated Press, GARY TRAMONTINA)

                  Copyright 1996 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              952 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Vallejo Times Herald (California)

                              March 3, 2013 Sunday

American Canyon to consider new high-end homes

BYLINE: By Rachel Raskin-Zrihen/ Times-Herald staff writer

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 522 words


AMERICAN CANYON -- City Council members on Tuesday will consider applying for a
$1 million grant to help first-time home buyers and review a proposal for a new
high-end housing development.

The California State Department of Housing and Community Development's CalHome
Program's grants can be used for first-time home buyer mortgage assistance and
for owner-occupied home rehabilitation.

A median priced home here sells for about $345,000 -- beyond the reach of a
household earning up to 80 percent of the median Napa County income, and
requiring a sizable down payment. So staff proposes $600,000 be allocated to the
Down Payment Assistance Program and $400,000 to the Housing Rehab Program. Funds
can be transferred between the programs.

With a maximum down payment assistance limit of $60,000, the proposed allocation
could help at least 17 qualified applicants over three years. CalHome borrowers
can defer payments for up to 30 years with a nominal interest rate accrual.

Council members also are scheduled to hear a presentation on the Canyon Estates
Concept Plan for the development of approximately 40 high-end executive homes on
large lots.

Council members will decide whether support exists to do community outreach on
the annexation of 38 acres east of Vintage Ranch within the city's Urban Limit
Line.

The proposed development would take advantage of Napa River wetlands views and
is near the Newell Open Space Reserve and the future Town Center. The proposal
replaces a previous concept for a 302-condominium "village" rejected by the
council in May.

The meeting is also scheduled to include:

* A presentation on fundraising efforts for the bocce ball courts.

* Recognizing March 17 through 22 as Zero Waste Week.

* Hearing the annual financial report for Fiscal Year 2011-12 and related
reports.

* Adopting an ordinance establishing utility underground districts by
resolution; and affirming the Highway 29/American Canyon Road (Safeway area)
underground utility district.

* Approving a $52,500 agreement with ERS Industrial Services, Inc., for the
Conventional Water Treatment Plant Filter Media Removal and Replacement Project,
in the water service area inside and outside city limits.

* Approving the Green Island Road Emergency Access Project plans; adding the
$55,706 project to the FY 2012/13 Capital Budget and awarding a $41,265
construction contract to J.A. Gonsalves & Sons Construction, Inc.

* Accepting the public swimming pool's Air-Supported Dome Project as complete;
authorizing staff to file a Notice of Completion with the Napa County
Clerk-Recorder; approving two change orders and authorizing an $8,863 increase
in the project budget to be appropriated from General Fund reserves.

* Adding the 2013 Sludge Removal Project for the Wastewater Treatment Plant to
the Five-year Capital Improvement Program; establishing a Wastewater
Enterprise-funded project with a $282,000 budget for Fiscal Year 2012-13; and
authorizing ads for bids.

* Receiving mid-year budget reviews of the Fire Protection District and the city
for Fiscal Year 2012-13 and approving budget adjustments.

* Declaring March as American Red Cross Month.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Times-Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              953 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Queensland Country Life

                             May 21, 2015 Thursday

ALMOST two-thirds of Queensland primary producers say

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 659 words


ALMOST two-thirds of Queensland primary producers say the current drought is the
worst in their living memory, according to a recent survey.

The survey of AgForce members across 31 drought-declared shires has highlighted
the ongoing pressure the drought is placing on rural families and communities.

"The current drought means most Queensland farmers in these shires won't make a
profit in the current decade, and it is now threatening the viability of rural
communities as well," AgForce president Grant Maudsley said.

"Our priority now is to assist farmers in the current period, and then
post-drought, undertake the recovery as quickly as possible.

"About three-out-of-five members surveyed had received or previously used some
form of state or federal gov ernment assistance either financial or personal
with water infrastructure subsidies, financial counselling and education
assistance well received and forward looking."

Mr Maudsley said AgForce members had identified key areas of improvement for
both the design and delivery of ex is ting drought-assistance measures.

According to the survey:

l Two-thirds of farmers in drought-affected areas had not applied for the
federal government's farm household allowance or concessional loans, and

44 per cent did not think they met the eligibility criteria.

l Of those who commented on the household allowance application process, more
than four-in-five said the process was onerous, complicated or repetitive, and
about one-in-five encountered problems due to poor internet connectivity or
delays in receiving payment.

l Only one-half of applicants for drought concessional loans were successful.

l Loans were generally viewed unfavourably compared to past interest rate
subsidies, with the refinancing benefits currently available thought
insufficient to risk existing relationships with lenders, while some lenders did
not support applications.

l Application success rates were higher for state government programs, including
74pc for drought recovery assistance scheme subsidies and 92pc for the emergency
water infrastructure rebate.

AgForce members said further support was needed for kangaroo control, business
grants, farm labour wage assistance and towards school education expenses, as
well as extension of measures to non-farm businesses in the community.

Desilting of dams and agistment enterprises were also identified.

"This survey of farmers in April showed most pro ducers had slashed their herd
numbers and cut back on the state's grain planting in response to the dry," Mr
Maudsley said.

"We're already seeing prices bounce back as de mand is starting to outstrip the
supply for high-quality Queensland beef following record slaughter and export
rates since 2013.

"Respondents also id en tified longer term and proactive government pol icy
supporting in dustry competitiveness and drought preparedness, such as tax
incentives and the introduction of affordable insurance schemes."

The survey also showed:

l 50pc of res pondents had ex perienced up to a halving of their gross an nual
income, while 17pc reported an income reduction greater than three-quarters.

l 37pc had seen debt increase by 25pc, while 22pc had experienced debt in
creases of 26 to 50pc.

l 85pc of respondents were running less than three-quarters of their long-term
stock carrying capacity and one-in-five were carrying less than a quarter.

l One-in-seven had less than 10pc of their potential surface water supply.

l 65pc rated this drought worse fin ancially than previous droughts, while 59pc
rated it worst personally and 46pc rated it worse environmentally.

Mr Maudsley said primary producers did not expect handouts from government, but
a review of existing measures was now critical.

"Our agriculture sector is absolutely vital to both the Queensland and
Australian economy, and to the well-being of rural communities and farming
families, who must be appropriately supported through this financially and
personally challenging time."

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              954 of 998 DOCUMENTS


           The Evening News and The Tribune (Jeffersonville, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 25, 2016 Friday

New Red Cross disaster vehicle will serve Southern Indiana

BYLINE: Aprile Rickert, The Evening News and The Tribune, Jeffersonville, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 682 words


March 25--JEFFERSONVILLE -- After nearly a year spent gathering donations for a
new American Red Cross disaster relief vehicle, Jeanne Curtis has hit the mark.

Curtis -- a major gift officer for the Southern Indiana office of the Louisville
area Red Cross -- secured the final amount needed for a relief vehicle to serve
Southern Indiana at Thursday's Clark County Commissioners meeting. The
commissioners voted unanimously to give the final $1,925 toward the purchase of
a new Ford Escape at the national fleet purchase rate of $29,500.

Although Curtis requested the finding at the March 10 meeting, it was tabled
then.

"I am just ecstatic," Curtis said.

She shook each of the commissioners' hands -- President Jack Coffman, Rick
Stephenson and Bryan Glover -- after the vote.

"What this means is this is the last piece of the $29,500."

The quest for the new vehicle started last spring, Curtis said, when the
organization received a grant from The Horseshoe Foundation. This got the ball
rolling with the first donation of $7,375.

Other donors include Phyllis Robinson, $5,000; The Floyd County Council, $5,000;
the Harrison County Community Foundation, $5,200; and the Harrison County
Council, $5,000.

Curtis said the vehicle, which will be purchased as soon as the final funds are
in, will serve Clark, Floyd and Harrison counties and be housed at the
Georgetown emergency operations center of the Red Cross.

"It was very important that everybody had a piece of this," Curtis said. "And we
appreciated the fact that they believe in the Red Cross and the work that we do.
It's a wonderful partnership to have with them."

According to the funding proposal Curtis took to organizations, reliable
disaster vehicles are critical because each may be on the road for up to eight
years, traveling an average of 18,000 miles per year before they are retired.
They serve by transporting volunteers and the Southern Indiana Disaster Team to
help where they are needed, providing assistance to families who have gone
through fires and other disasters.

They bring supplies such as blankets, emergency kits and water to affected areas
and can be set up as mobile communication centers when used with generator,
laptops and mobile satellite system.

The vehicles are used to transport volunteers to training events and to
community awareness opportunities.

"This vehicle should be in constant motion," Curtis said.

STAR VALLEY WAY

The commissioners approved an additional appropriation Thursday for the final
touches on Star Valley Way, not to exceed $164,000.

Among the last pieces of work were extending the guardrail several hundred feet
for more safety, reflectors on the roadway lines and curbing on one side with
turnouts that would allow water to drain off in increments.

"It channels the water away rather than have it all come off of that steep hill
at once in one area," Coffman said.

The work has been completed, and county engineer Brian Dixon said the final
paperwork should be in by the end of April. This appropriation is in
anticipation of that.

After a final inspection by the Indiana Department of Transportation, it will be
released to county inventory.

As a separate project, the commissioners, town of Borden and Starlight area are
working together to secure a large stone for the road entrance, which will be
lettered and illuminated.

NEW APPOINTMENT

The commissioners voted unanimously to appoint Dana Huber to the Clark-Floyd
counties Convention and Tourism Bureau. She will be fulfilling the remaining two
years of the term of Ed Haire, who recently passed away.

Huber is vice-president of marketing and public relations at Huber's Orchard,
Winery and Vineyards and has served on multiple boards, including chair of One
Southern Indiana.

"We had a few recommendations from just the citizens as a whole and other
entities throughout the community, but one name was kind of prominent," Coffman
said about Huber.

___ (c)2016 The Evening News and The Tribune (Jeffersonville, Ind.) Visit The
Evening News and The Tribune (Jeffersonville, Ind.) at newsandtribune.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160325-JB-New-Red-Cross-disaster-vehicle-will-serve-Southern-Indiana-20160325

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JB


                Copyright 2016 The Evening News and The Tribune


                              955 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                            February 21, 2014 Friday

State, Feds to Aid Drought-Stricken Communities in California

BYLINE: Tonya Chin

SECTION: REGIONAL NEWS Vol. 123 No. 35

LENGTH: 1448  words


LOS ANGELES - California's state government and the federal government are
ramping up funding to help struggling communities deal with a historic drought.

Gov. Jerry Brown and other legislative leaders unveiled legislation Wednesday to
provide $687.4 million to support drought relief, including bond funds for
projects to help local communities more efficiently capture and manage water and
funds to secure emergency drinking water supplies.

"This is a call to action. We must all do our part to conserve," said Brown, a
Democrat, who declared a statewide drought emergency last month and directed
officials to prepare for water shortages. "The state is doing its part by
providing immediate funding for drinking water, food, housing and assistance for
water-conserving technologies."

Senate President pro Tem Darrell Steinberg, D-Sacramento, and Assembly Speaker
John PÃ©rez, D-Los Angeles also support the legislation.

About $549 million would come from an accelerated expenditure of already
voter-approved general obligation bonds from propositions 84 and 1E, in the form
of infrastructure grants for local and regional projects that are already
planned or partially completed, to increase local reliability.

"Water agencies around the state have projects ready to go to capture and
distribute more of the water that's now lost to evaporation or simply flowing
out to the ocean," Steinberg said. "They simply need money to get those projects
done."

Voters approved Proposition 84 in 2006, authorizing $5.388 billion in GO bonds
to fund safe drinking water, water quality and supply, flood control, and other
water-related efforts.

Proposition 1E, also approved in 2006, authorizes $4.09 billion in GO bonds to
rebuild and repair California's most vulnerable flood control structures, and to
protect the state's drinking water supply system.

Projects that would be funded by the governor's proposed legislation include
recapturing storm water, expanding the use and distribution of recycled water,
enhancing the management and recharging of groundwater storage, and
strengthening water conservation.

Other funds would be transferred from the Greenhouse Gas Reduction Fund and the
Greenhouse Gas Emissions Fund to the Department of Water Resources and the
Department of Food and Agriculture for water-related projects.

The legislation also includes $46.3 million from the General Fund for food and
housing assistance for those affected by the drought.

Several of the proposals included in the package were proposed in Brown's
January budget, but would now be expedited. The legislation must still pass
through both houses of the Legislature before getting a signature from the
governor.

The announcement comes just days after Brown joined President Barack Obama and
other federal officials in the Fresno area for a discussion with farmers and
other local stakeholders affected by the drought.

There, Obama announced as much as $15 million in federal assistance for
California and other states that are in extreme drought, as well as the
acceleration of $100 million of funds from the 2014 farm bill he signed earlier
this month.

That would build upon the $20 million that the U.S. Department of Agriculture
already said it would provide in assistance to support water conservation
efforts by California farmers.

"These actions will help, but they're just the first step," Obama said in Los
Banos, Calif. "We have to be clear: A changing climate means that
weather-related disasters like droughts, wildfires, storms, floods are
potentially going to be costlier and they're going to be harsher."

The Obama administration has been taking steps toward increasing weather-related
funding for local communities, as California's record drought and the expensive
fallout from other recent natural disasters has heightened the need for federal
support at the state and local level.

The president announced on Feb. 14 that he plans to send a budget to Congress
next month that will include $1 billion in new funding to help communities
prepare for a changing climate and set up incentives to build more resilient
infrastructure.

Obama also created a Task Force on Climate Preparedness and Resilience in
November to advise on how the federal government can respond to the needs of
communities that are dealing with the impacts of climate change.

The task force met for the second time Feb. 13 at the Los Angeles City Hall.

Senior Obama administration officials included Nancy Sutley, White House Council
on Environmental Quality chair; David Agnew, deputy assistant to the President
and director of intergovernmental affairs; Gina McCarthy, Environmental
Protection Agency administrator; and David Poneman, U.S. Department of Energy
deputy secretary.

Gov. Brown and Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti were among the state, local, and
tribal leaders who conferred with federal officials in the closed-door meeting.

"This climate change is overwhelming - it's a huge and expensive and difficult
challenge," Brown said during a press conference after the meeting. "California
is leading the country and leading most of the other nations, but we can't do it
alone."

To give an idea of just how expensive climate change is, Sutley pegged the cost
of weather disasters in the United States during 2012 at $112 billion.

"And as we speak a number of Western states are facing drought conditions,
including an historic drought here in California," said Sutley, who co-chairs
the task force with Agnew. "Federal agencies have partnered with Gov. Brown to
ramp up funding and to take immediate actions to try to lessen the impacts on
California communities, but we also have to look at ways to better prepare
ourselves for these kinds of events happening more frequently in the future."

Garcetti said the task force meetings focus on three things: coordination among
the federal, state, and local governments to plan and prevent or mitigate
natural disasters; creating a list of best practices in dealing with these
issues to share with other states and local governments, and coming up with
concrete goals to improve resilience to climate change.

Another goal is showing that this is an issue about people - that the impact of
climate change is felt locally.

"Here in Los Angeles we feel that when we are threatened with rising ocean
levels which would endanger the economic output of our port which accounts for
43% of the goods that come into America," Garcetti said. "We feel that and see
that when there are local fires in drier and drier years and the impact that has
on our local resources and on our air quality."

Illinois has also felt the effects of climate change, said Gov. Pat Quinn, who
joined Garcetti and Brown at the meeting.

"We had devastating floods in April, we had deadly tornadoes in November -
people lost their lives, one community lost over 1,000 homes - and now in the
winter in January we've had tremendous cold and great snow and have had to
deploy the National Guard on many occasions to deal with these weather
emergencies," Quinn said. "So that ought to be an alarm bell to all of us in
America."

Sutley said the task force is focusing on areas where they see opportunity for
coordination and collaboration - whether it's getting the federal government
toto remove barriers or counterproductive policies, working on disaster recovery
and response, or investing in infrastructure.

The task force is continuing to develop recommendations on how the federal
government can support transportation projects at the local level, she said.

This is especially important as the Highway Trust Fund, which supports roads and
surface transportation projects across the nation, will be insufficient at
current funding levels to pay for new projects in 2015 or even keep up with wear
and tear on existing roads.

The fund has traditionally been supported by revenue from federal motor fuel
taxes, but these have been declining for years as cars become more energy
efficient.

The federal government already spends "billions and billions" of dollars to help
support infrastructure investments across the country, Sutley said, whether it's
for transportation, soil conservation, water resources, or wastewater and
drinking water treatment.

"The importance here is to ensure that when we spend that money as a country and
support the communities, that we're doing it in a way that makes us resilient
for the long term and deals with impacts of climate change," Sutley said. The
task force, which includes governors from six other states, 13 other mayors, and
four local and tribal officials, will continue with more meetings and small
group discussions before giving recommendations to the president at the end of
the year, Sutley said.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BONDBUYER_BB


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              956 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 Republican & Herald (Pottsville, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 8, 2012 Wednesday

Shenandoah gets USDA funding for new police car

BYLINE: John E. Usalis, Republican & Herald, Pottsville, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 705 words


Aug. 08--SHENANDOAH -- The Shenandoah Police Department is in need of a new
vehicle, and thanks to a federal grant, a new four-wheel drive cruiser will be
purchased in the near future.

U.S. Rep. Tim Holden, D-17, and Thomas P. Williams, U.S. Department of
Agriculture Rural Development Pennsylvania state director, visited Shenandoah on
Tuesday morning to announce that $18,240 has been awarded to the borough through
a Community Facilities Economic Impact Initiative Grant to purchase a 2013 Ford
police cruiser to replace an inoperative vehicle.

The check presentation was made outside the police station, with Holden,
Williams, Mayor Andrew Szczyglak, borough council President Leo Pietkiewicz,
Borough Manager Joseph L. Palubinsky and Edward Kleha, legislative aide for
state Rep. Neal P. Goodman, D-123, attending the presentation.

In his first duty as mayor, Szczyglak accepted the grant and was appreciative of
the financial help for a new police vehicle.

"I want to thank Tim Holden for all the years of support to Shenandoah and the
surrounding communities," Szczyglak said. "He has always been a big help with
emergency services in the borough and the county. This is a great gift to us and
helps us out a great deal."

Williams said it was great to represent Holden and the Obama Administration in
helping small communities throughout rural Pennsylvania.

"We're going to buy them (Shenandoah) a new one, or at least 55 percent of a new
one," Williams said.

"Tom and I have been working together for a long time, during his time at USDA
and before when he worked for Congressman (Paul E.) Kanjorski," Holden said.
"When people think of the Department of Agriculture, their first inkling is
production agriculture, but what Tom and his team have done across Pennsylvania
and USDA around the country with rural development in helping communities like
Shenandoah and just about every community in Schuylkill County over the years
can be seen by residents."

Holden said he hopes to see the investment in rural development continue, adding
it has been a struggle in Washington with the leadership in the U.S. House of
Representatives in trying to reauthorize the farm bill.

Kleha said, "On behalf of Representative Goodman, it has always been a pleasure
to partner with the congressman and USDA as a team player. We appreciate all the
help we've received in the legislative district over the years."

Palubinsky said the grant funds will be received just when the borough needs
them.

"The timing couldn't be any better with this grant," Palubinsky said. "Our other
four-wheel drive vehicle is out of commission and needs major repairs. The fact
that we are receiving a grant for 55 percent of the cost of a new vehicle in
this day of declining revenue capacity, it's very helpful to the borough and
residents."

Palubinsky also expressed his thanks to Holden for his assistance to the borough
over the years and the sorrow of Holden leaving office this year. After serving
20 years in the U.S. House of Representatives, Holden was defeated in this
year's primary election by Matt Cartwright.

"On a sad note, I can't say enough about Congressman Holden. The residents of
the 17th District are losing a friend, not only because of grant money, but
basically a real friend," Palubinsky said. "He always had an open door policy.
You're not going to have that anymore, and we're going to miss that. I wish him
all the luck."

Through its Rural Development mission area, USDA administers and manages
housing, business and community infrastructure and facility programs through a
national network of state and local offices. Rural Development serves as the
lead federal agency for rural development needs by offering financial and
technical assistance to individuals, businesses and community. The programs
include funding for day care centers, fire trucks and other community facility
projects; the purchase, construction or repair of homes; loans and guarantees to
rural business to save or create jobs and renewable energy; and loans and grants
for water and sewer utility projects.

___ (c)2012 the Republican & Herald (Pottsville, Pa.) Visit the Republican &
Herald (Pottsville, Pa.) at republicanherald.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120808-RN-Shenandoah-gets-USDA-funding-for-new-police-car-0808-20120808

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RN


                       Copyright 2012 Republican & Herald


                              957 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                          February 13, 2014, Thursday

WATER CRISIS;
FEMA funds;
Tomblin to appeal denial of federal aid

BYLINE: David Gutman, and Rusty Marks Staff writers

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1A

LENGTH: 1115 words


Two days after the Federal Emergency Management Agency denied Gov. Earl Ray
Tomblin's request for further financial assistance for West Virginia's ongoing
water crisis, a shipment of bottled water sent by FEMA was removed from three
Kanawha County schools because of odor and taste problems.

The bottled water was described as "musty," with a "strong odor" and "a problem
with the taste," according to a news release from the state Department of
Military Affairs and Public Safety. The water issues were related to storage,
not the coal-cleaning chemical Crude MCHM, which tainted the region's drinking
water.

FEMA has been providing bottled water and other assistance since soon after the
Elk River chemical leak was detected on Jan. 9, contaminating the drinking water
of 300,000 people in parts of nine counties. On Wednesday, though, the agency
refused to provide further money to reimburse local and state agencies that have
spent millions of dollars responding to the water crisis.

In a letter, Elizabeth A. Zimmerman, a FEMA administrator, told Tomblin that,
"Based on our review of all of the information available, it has been determined
that the event was not of such severity and magnitude as to warrant grant
assistance under this emergency declaration."

Although the letter was dated Monday, the news was not made public until Tomblin
sent out a news release Wednesday morning saying he would appeal the decision.
He has 30 days to do so.

In the release, the governor said he is "extremely disappointed by FEMA's
initial response, and I share the frustration and anger of West Virginians who
have endured this crisis."

Tomblin had requested the additional funding for emergency assistance in a
letter to FEMA sent on Jan. 27.

The governor estimated that state and local agencies will spend more than $2
million responding to the water crisis. In addition, the state taxpayers will
pay 25 percent of the costs of the FEMA aid already provided.

Tomblin's letter requested additional aid, called Category B, Emergency
Protective Measures. Those are defined by FEMA as, "activities undertaken by a
community before, during and following a disaster," that are necessary to reduce
an immediate threat to life, health or safety.

"This is necessary due to the extraordinary expenditures incurred by state and
local responding agencies and the adverse effects on the economy and tax
revenues," Tomblin wrote. "I must emphasize that the response is ongoing and
several of the key agencies have not been able to take the time to provide
estimates of their costs.

"One source has estimated that hotels and restaurants have lost $1 million in
revenue a day, while other businesses have had to close part of their
operation."

Had FEMA approved Tomblin's request, they would have paid 75 percent of eligible
costs for first responders, local and state governments, as well as certain
nonprofit agencies, according to Amy Shuler Goodwin, Tomblin's communications
director.

FEMA spokesman Dan Watson said the agency provided about 7 million liters of
water and more than 130,000 meals during the initial response to the spill.
Watson said FEMA officials decided the state didn't need any additional help.

"While the initial emergency declaration was approved and resources were
provided to support the immediate response, it was determined in this case
certain costs associated with the response and recovery efforts were not beyond
the response and recovery capabilities of state and local governments," Watson
said.

Tomblin said he is working with members of the state's congressional delegation
to appeal the decision and get further help from FEMA. "I promised the people of
West Virginia I would look out for them and do all that I can to protect their
health and well-being," Sen. Jay Rockefeller, D-W.Va, said in Tomblin's news
release. "My priority remains getting the state the resources it needs from FEMA
and the White House to assist West Virginians during this ongoing crisis."

"I will continue to urge FEMA to provide our state with the assistance it needs
to address the consequences of the spill," echoed Rep. Nick Rahall, D-W.Va.

Sen. Joe Manchin, D-W.Va., said he urged, "FEMA to reconsider their decision and
work as a partner with the people of West Virginia."

Rep. Shelley Moore Capito, R-W.Va., also decried the FEMA decision.

"I am appalled that FEMA feels that an emergency that leaves 300,000 people
without access to clean water is not severe enough to warrant additional federal
assistance," Capito said in an emailed statement. "I will continue to work with
West Virginia's congressional delegation to urge FEMA to give West Virginians
the full assistance they need and deserve."

Kanawha County Commission President Kent Carper also urged the state's
congressional delegation to push for further assistance from FEMA. Carper said
expenses for Kanawha County alone are expected to reach $500,000.

The Kanawha-Charleston Health Department said the bottled water problem in the
schools is limited to Ice Mountain brand water. The health department
immediately halted distribution of the water on Wednesday.

The water was in use at Sharon Dawes Elementary, John Adams Middle and Andrew
Jackson middle schools.

The ban on its use applies to one specific lot of Ice Mountain, although other
lots of Ice Mountain water in storage have been taken out of circulation, as
well.

A spokeswoman for Ice Mountain, which is owned by Nestle, did not respond to a
request for comment Wednesday. Neither did Watson, the FEMA spokesman.

County sanitarians investigated after receiving complaints about the water and
confirmed the complaints.

"A strong odor or bad taste does not necessarily indicate the water is a health
hazard," Dr. Rahul Gupta, director of the Kanawha-Charleston Health Department,
said in the news release.

Gupta said the water had "a musty smell, like from a basement," and he said some
people thought it smelled like carrots.

He said the water's expiration date was April 2014.

The bottled water was tested for bacteria and came back negative, state
Department of Health and Human Resources spokeswoman Allison Adler said.

"The bottled water program has been in contact with the manufacturer regarding
the taste and odor concerns and samples have been submitted to the company for
further testing and investigation," Adler wrote in an email. "It is believed
that the odor is related to where the water bottles were stored prior to being
donated to West Virginia's schools."

The county said it has a sufficient supply of other kinds of bottled water in
its warehouse.

Reach Rusty Marks at rustymarks@wvgazette.com or 304-348-1215.

Reach David Gutman

at david.gutman@wvgazette.com or 304-348-5119.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Charleston Newspapers


                              958 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                           September 7, 2013 Saturday

India: (R) National Cyclone Risk Mitigation Project Second

LENGTH: 431  words


Project ID : P092217
Status : Active
Approval Date  : June 22, 2010
Closing Date  : October 31, 2015
Country  : India
Region  : South Asia
Environmental Category : A
Team Leader  : Saurabh Suresh Dani
Borrower***  : DEPARTMENT OF ECONOMIC AFFAIRS
Implementing Agency  : NATIONAL DISASTER MANAGEMENT AUTHORITY
Total Project Cost**  : US$ 319.00  million
Commitment Amount  : US$ 319.00  million
Sectors :


General water, sanitation and flood protection sector  66%
Rural and Inter-Urban Roads and Highways  16%
Public administration- Water, sanitation and flood protection  13%
Telecommunications  5%
Themes :
Natural disaster management  100%
Financing Plan at Board Presentation (US$ Millions)
FINANCIER  Commitments
International Development Association (Ida)  255,000,000.00
Borrower  64,000,000.00
Total Project Financing (US$ Millions)
Product Line  IBRD/IDA
IBRD Commitment  N/A
IDA Commitment  255.00
IBRD + IDA Commitment  255.00
Lending Instrument  Adaptable Program Loan
Grant Amount  N/A
Total Project Cost**  319.00
ABSTRACT*
The objective of the First Phase of the National Cyclone Risk Mitigation Project
for India is to reduce the vulnerability of coastal communities in Andhra
Pradesh and Orissa to cyclone and other hydro meteorological hazards. There are
four components to the project, the first component being Early Warning
Dissemination System (EWDS) and capacity building for coastal communities. The
overall objective of this component is to reduce the vulnerability of coastal
communities by addressing the existing gap in dissemination of warning to the
communities. The second component is the cyclone risk mitigation infrastructure.
The objective of this component is to improve the access to emergency shelter,
evacuation and protection against cyclone and other hydro meteorological hazards
such as wind storms, flooding and storm surge in high risk areas. The third
component is the technical assistance for national and state level capacity
building and knowledge creation. The objective of this component is to help
understand risk and vulnerabilities better, and prepare the key institutions for
addressing them effectively across all coastal states and Union Territory (UT).
This component consists of studies, assessments, training and capacity building
activities related to risk and damage assessments, development of training
modules and action plans and implementing them through identified partner
agencies. Finally, the fourth component is the project management and
implementation support.

country :India
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2013 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              959 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           Western Times (Queensland)

                                 March 11, 2010

Where to go for help

SECTION: Pg. 16

LENGTH: 1008  words


If you're in flooded parts of western Queensland and need help, or you want to
help those affected, here is some information to get you started.

Charleville - Murweh Local Government

An information and Coordination Centre has been setup at the Charleville and
District Senior Citizens Club at 107 Alfred Street in Charleville. Office hours
Monday to Sunday 8.30am to 4.30pm

Outreach home visits are also being conducted for residents in Charleville and
surrounding areas. To register or if you require assistance phone 1800 173 349.


Financial assistance grants

There are three types of grants that are available-

1. Emergent Assistance Grant- this grant is available to people experiencing
hardship due to the floods and require assistance to meet their basic needs.

2. Essential Household Contents Grant- this grant is subject to an income test
and is available to people whose home contents are uninsured. The grant provides
assistance of up to $1660 for individuals and $4980 for families.

3. Structural Assistance Grant- is available to assist repair owner-occupied
uninsured residence damaged by flooding. The residence must be the property
owner's sole place of residence and applicants for this grant must satisfy an
income and assets test.

For more information on the grants phone 1800 173 349.

Emotional Support

The Australian Red Cross has a number of resources available that you may find
useful in the aftermath of the floods.

For more information visit www.redcross.org.au or phone the Queensland Division
of the Red Cross on 3367 722

Lifeline Community Care

Confidential counseling is available for individuals and families in the
community on a wide variety of issues. Call Lifeline's 24/7 telephone counseling
service on 13 11 14.

Electrical Safety

If you house or business has been flooded electrical, wiring and appliances may
have been damaged. Using water-damaged equipment can result in electrical shocks
and fires.

Cleaning Up

If your houses has been flooded, wear gloves and covered shoes when cleaning up,
and treat any cuts with antiseptic. Apply a band aid to the wound and see a
doctor if cuts become infected. After cleaning silt and debris from floors and
other surfaces, disinfect the surface with household bleach or disinfectant.
Refrigerators and food storage cupboards should be thoroughly cleaned out and
disinfected. Dumping of domestic flood damaged goods

Community Recovery Assistance

The Australian Government Disaster Recovery Payment (AGDRP) has been activated
to assist people who have been adversely affected by the storm damage and
associated flooding that commenced on March 2, affecting the Murweh and Maranoa
Regional Councils in South West Queensland. If you or someone you know has been
affected by this disaster you should speak to Centerlink as soon as possible to
arrange assistance.

The Australian Government Disaster Recovery Payment is a one-off payment for
people who have been adversely affected by a disaster.

If you are eligible you will receive $1000 per adult, $400 for each dependent
child (under 16 years of age).

Who is eligible to receive the payment?

You (your partner and/or children may eligible to receive the AGDRP if you:

· are an Australian resident, and

· are 16 years or older or are receiving a social security payment, and

· have not already received an Australian Government Disaster Recovery Payment
for the disaster, and

· have experienced one or more of the following:

- you have been seriously injured

- your home has been destroyed or has sustained major damage

- you have been isolated in your home, or unable to return to your home, for a
period of 24 hours or more

- your home has experienced utility failure, for a period of 48 hours or more.

Evidence of damage to your home may be required before Centrelink can approve
your claim.

You will be required to provide Centrelink with proof of your identity, your
driver's licence or passport and evidence that you are eligible for this
payment, for example hospital admission, evidence of damage to your home.

You should lodge a claim without delay and provide the supporting documents to
Centrelink within 14 days.

If you are renting

The residential Tenancy Authority (RTA) has a fact sheet which provides
important details about the rights and obligations of tenants and landlords
under the Residential Tenancies Act 1994 if their property is damaged or
non-livable.

Phone RTA on 1300 366 311 or visit the website www.rta.gov.au then go to the
section "Natural Disaster victims to view the fact sheet Important renting
information for natural disaster victims.

Insurance

If you have any queries relating to insurance, the Insurance Council of
Australia has set up a 24 hour hotline on 1300 728 228.

Emergency

To contact your local SES branch, wherever you are in Queensland, call 132 500.
In life threatening emergencies, call 000.

Disaster Relief

The State Government has extended natural disaster relief and recovery
arrangements for 10 local government areas; Balonne, Barcoo, Blackall-Tambo,
Bulloo, Diamantina, Maranoa, Murweh, Paroo, Quilpie and Western Downs.

Personal hardship assistance has also been activated for the Balonne, Maranoa
and Murweh council areas. For full details of what assistance is available from
the State Government, and how to access it,
http://www.thepremier.qld.gov.au/initiatives/disaster_recovery/help.aspx

The State Government has also established the Premier's Disaster Relief Appeal
to raise funds for those affected by the floods.

You can donate in person at any of the big banks - just tell the teller you want
to make a donation to the Premier's Disaster Relief Appeal. Your deposit slip is
proof of donation for tax purposes. You can also donate by phone with a credit
card on 1800 173 349.

Contact Phone numbers

Murweh Shire Council 4656 8355

Blackall-Tambo Regional Council 4621 6600

Barcoo Shire Council 4656 4627

Bulloo Shire Council 4655 3133

Paroo Shire Council 4655 8400

Quilpie Shire Council 4656 0500

Lifeline 4654 2404

Charleville Neighbourhood Centre 4654 1307

Charleville Supported Accommodation 4654 1307

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TWT


                    Copyright 2010 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              960 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Examiner Newspaper

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday
                           Internet & Print Editions

Flood repair funds still open

BYLINE: Imogen Elliott

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 181 words


The state government has reminded Tasmanians that assistance packages made
available after the June floods remain open to applications from residents
impacted by flooding that has occurred over the last week.

A government-funded grant to assist sport and recreation clubs has now closed,
however, a number of grants and loans for flood recovery and restoration can
still be accessed.

Primary Industries Minister Jeremy Rockliff said all flood-related issues were
yet to be identified but clean up grants totalling about $540,000 had already
been approved.

He said 2000 people had received Emergency Assistance grants.

"A wide range of support measures have been rolled out by the [government] to
assist farmers and the broader community get back on their feet," Mr Rockliff
said.

Shadow Minister for Environment and Water Tony Burke toured flood damage at
Latrobe on Tuesday and said farmers should not have to take on more debt to
recover from a natural disaster.

"There has to be an offer to the farmers who are flood affected of more than an
invitation to take on more debt," Mr Burke said.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              961 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Examiner Newspaper

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday
                           Print & Internet Editions

Flood repair funds still open

BYLINE: Imogen Elliott

LENGTH: 181 words


The state government has reminded Tasmanians that assistance packages made
available after the June floods remain open to applications from residents
impacted by flooding that has occurred over the last week.

A government-funded grant to assist sport and recreation clubs has now closed,
however, a number of grants and loans for flood recovery and restoration can
still be accessed.

Primary Industries Minister Jeremy Rockliff said all flood-related issues were
yet to be identified but clean up grants totalling about $540,000 had already
been approved.

He said 2000 people had received Emergency Assistance grants.

"A wide range of support measures have been rolled out by the [government] to
assist farmers and the broader community get back on their feet," Mr Rockliff
said.

Shadow Minister for Environment and Water Tony Burke toured flood damage at
Latrobe on Tuesday and said farmers should not have to take on more debt to
recover from a natural disaster.

"There has to be an offer to the farmers who are flood affected of more than an
invitation to take on more debt," Mr Burke said.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              962 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Examiner Newspaper

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday
                           Print & Internet Editions

Flood repair funds still open

BYLINE: Imogen Elliott

LENGTH: 181 words


The state government has reminded Tasmanians that assistance packages made
available after the June floods remain open to applications from residents
impacted by flooding that has occurred over the last week.

A government-funded grant to assist sport and recreation clubs has now closed,
however, a number of grants and loans for flood recovery and restoration can
still be accessed.

Primary Industries Minister Jeremy Rockliff said all flood-related issues were
yet to be identified but clean up grants totalling about $540,000 had already
been approved.

He said 2000 people had received Emergency Assistance grants.

"A wide range of support measures have been rolled out by the [government] to
assist farmers and the broader community get back on their feet," Mr Rockliff
said.

Shadow Minister for Environment and Water Tony Burke toured flood damage at
Latrobe on Tuesday and said farmers should not have to take on more debt to
recover from a natural disaster.

"There has to be an offer to the farmers who are flood affected of more than an
invitation to take on more debt," Mr Burke said.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              963 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    BBC Monitoring Latin America - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                          September 17, 2008 Wednesday

Regional bank announces financial aid for Haiti

LENGTH: 224 words


Text of report by Caribbean Media Corporation news agency website

WASHINGTON, CMC - The Inter-American Development Bank (IDB) Tuesday approved
400,000 US dollars in grants for Haiti, which has declared a state of emergency
after being devastated by a succession of storms, torrential rains and
devastating floods.

IDB said that the aid would be delivered primarily to victims of Hurricane
Gustav in the southern department of Les Nippes and victims of Tropical Storm
Hanna of Artibonite in the north.

The assistance, which will be managed by the NGO Oxfam in coordination with the
Haitian Interior Ministry, will be used to provide food, potable water,
medicines and temporary shelter to people affected by the storms.

Additionally, the IDB country office in Port-au-Prince is working with the
Haitian Environment Ministry to apply 1 million US dollars from an existing
programme to emergency works such as consolidating riverbanks and protecting
rural roads.

The IDB said it would be working closely with the Haitian government and the
international donor community to provide additional resources and support to
reconstruct or rehabilitate infrastructure damaged by the recent hurricanes that
killed more than 600 people and left thousands homeless.

Source: Caribbean Media Corporation news agency website, Bridgetown, in English
2110 gmt 16 Sep 08

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2008 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              964 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Blacktown Advocate (Australia)

                            April 1, 2015 Wednesday
                               Blacktown Edition

Community correspondents

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 332  words


Cyclone relief Kings Langley Lions Club is joining fellow Lions Clubs to provide
assistance to the victims of the recent Vanuatu cyclone victims.

The Lions Clubs International Foundation has made an emergency donation of
$US100,000. Kings Langley has followed with a donation of $500, plus the
proceeds of a bucket collection at its local shopping centre. Lions Club
president John Fernandes said the Lions Clubs worldwide were being mobilised to
assist the people of Vanuatu. A recent board meeting of the club also decided to
donate $250 to Camp Quality for children affected by cancer and $100 to the
training of Seeing Eye Dogs. The club's donations reflect the Lions policy of
helping the community on local, national and international levels.

Information concerning the projects and activities of the Kings Langley Lions
Club is available from Mike Cook on 0438 290 641.

Derek Margerison Kings Langley Lions Club

Lions fundraiser On Friday March 13, Cyclone Pam smashed through Port Vila and
across the many islands of Vanuatu. It was rated category five and has been
described as one of the most powerful storms ever experienced in the Pacific.

It had wind-speeds over 340km/hour and caused widespread devastation across the
many islands of Vanuatu. The initial $US10,000 emergency grant will enable the
local Lions Family to distribute bottled water, food, clothes, hygiene packs,
baby care, toiletries and medicines to hundreds of displaced people. In other
news, Blacktown Lions Club raised $1400 at a barbecue held at McGraths Hill
Bunnings last Saturday. This will all be donated to the international appeal
launched by Lions Club International Disaster Relief Fund. Every dollar raised
will go to help the people of Vanuatu. As with all Lions Clubs nothing is taken
for administration.

Earlier this week, Blacktown Lions presented Guardian Funerals with a
certificate of appreciation in recognition of their continued financial support
of our fundraising events.

Paul McInnesBlacktown Lions

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Blacktown Advocate


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              965 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Bega District News

                                  July 1, 2013

BYLINE: Brooke Ormes

SECTION: COMMUNITY

LENGTH: 310  words


THE hot water is back on at the Candelo Rural Fire Service station thanks to a
generous grant from Bendigo Community Bank Pambula.

In March the brigade was the victim of a heartless theft after its new $800
instantaneous hot water system was ripped from an outside wall (BDN 12/3).

The hot water service was vital for the Candelo RFS as the station is not only
used as an emergency staging area during bushfire alerts, but is utilised
throughout the year by community groups such as the Meals on Wheels social club
and the Red Cross.

The stolen system had been paid for by the Candelo RFS through fundraising
efforts.

Although brigade captain Harmen Kampman said he received many offers of
second-hand systems, none were instantaneous.

However, after hearing about the theft, the Bendigo Community Bank Pambula came
to the rescue with a grant that allowed the RFS to fully replace the hot water
system.

'We are very grateful to Bendigo Bank and this is of benefit not just to us but
to many in the Candelo community,' Mr Kampman said.

On Saturday the new system was unveiled in a brief ceremony attended by Candelo
RFS members and Kim Stevenson, branch manager of Bendigo Community Bank Pambula.

'This is what our bank is all about, giving back to the community,' Ms Stevenson
said.

Next to the system has been placed a plaque acknowledging Bendigo Community Bank
Pambula's assistance.

There is also another new feature ' a heavy-duty security cage.

'It's unfortunate that it's come to this, but we've put a new security cage
around the unit, as well as around other pieces of existing equipment around the
building,' Mr Kampman said.

The additional security measures have been paid for by the Candelo RFS.

The theft is still unsolved and anyone with information regarding the incident
is asked to contact Candelo police on 6493 2244 or Merimbula police on 6495
1366.

LOAD-DATE: July 03, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2013 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              966 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 26, 2012 Monday

Alabama: Bentley awards grants to aid Wiregrass abuse victims

LENGTH: 244  words

DATELINE: Montgomery


The State of Alabama has issued the following news release:

Victims of domestic violence and sexual assault in southeast Alabama will
continue to get help taking the first steps toward recovery thanks to three
grants totaling $351,575.

The House of Ruth will use the grants to provide emergency shelter, a crisis
hotline, counseling and advocacy services for victims of domestic violence and
sexual assault in Barbour, Bullock, Coffee, Dale, Geneva, Henry, Houston and
Pike counties.

House of Ruth staff members also offer supplemental training for police, medical
professionals and prosecutors who routinely deal with abuse victims.

Based in Dothan, the organization started assisting abuse victims in 1983.

The Alabama Department of Economic and Community Affairs is administering the
grants from funds made available by the U.S. Department of Justice and the U.S.
Department of Health and Human Services. ADECA administers an array of programs
that support law enforcement and traffic safety, economic development, energy
conservation, workforce development, water resource management and recreation
development.

Bentley notified Jim Pongonis, president of the organization's board, that he
had approved the grants. Matching funds of $72,893 are supplementing the awards.

In addition to grants, House of Ruth depends on private donations to support the
free, 24-hour-per-day assistance offered to victims.

For further information pleaase visit: http://media.alabama.gov .

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2012 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              967 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                           September 19, 2005 Monday
                                   AV EDITION

COMMENT SOUGHT ON FUNDING;
MEETINGS SET ON ACTION PLAN

BYLINE: Daily News

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. AV2

LENGTH: 454 words


LANCASTER - People can give their opinions on how Los Angeles County officials
should spend $49 million in community development and housing funds targeted at
low- and moderate-income neighborhoods and individuals.

A public meeting for the 5th Supervisorial District is planned for 6:30 to 8
p.m. Sept. 27 at Los Angeles County Fire Station 129's North County Training
Center, 42110 6th St. W., Lancaster. Other meetings are scheduled for Los
Angeles, East Los Angeles, Rowland Heights and West Hollywood.

Comments will help shape the county's annual Action Plan, which can include
child-care programs, services for senior citizens, home-buyer assistance and
home-repair programs, homeless services, business loans, graffiti removal, and
street and sewer repairs in unincorporated areas.

Individuals who live or work in unincorporated areas, such as Quartz Hill, Lake
Los Angeles, Littlerock and Acton, are encouraged to attend.

The approximately $49 million in funds originate from the U.S. Department of
Housing and Urban Development, which requires the Action Plan.

The funds come in three categories:

--More than $34 million is estimated from the Community Development Block Grant
program, which funds a variety of services in low- and moderate-income
communities. Funding is contingent upon congressional approval; the CDBG program
has experienced funding reductions since 2002, and its future is uncertain.

--More than $14 million comes from the Home Investment Partnership program,
which supplies funds for housing rehabilitation and construction in lower-income
areas.

--More than $1 million comes from the Emergency Shelter Grant program, which
provides temporary shelter to homeless individuals during cold and wet-winter
months.

The five community meetings will solicit input from residents, community
organizations, and local interest groups. Through a survey, attendees will be
asked to identify community development needs of their respective communities.

The survey results will help prioritize future block-grant funding.

``We encourage residents to attend and suggest where funds should go in their
community. We seek to continue our partnership. A strong turnout will help send
a message about how vital these programs are to people, especially given ongoing
efforts at the federal level to downsize and alter them,'' said Carlos Jackson,
director of the Los Angeles County Community Development Commission.

Individuals unable to attend the community meetings can submit written comments
through Oct. 26 to Raymond Webster. Comments can be sent to Webster via e-mail
(Raymond.Webster@lacdc.org), fax (323-890-8595) or mail to the Community
Development Commission, CDBG Division, 2 Coral Circle, Monterey Park, CA 91755.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 Digital First Media


                              968 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                           November 29, 2007 Thursday
                               WEST/SOUTH EDITION

Brookfield sets its priorities as it lays groundwork for grant

BYLINE: Karen Trainor, CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 222 words

DATELINE: BROOKFIELD


Selectmen have approved a seven-page Community Development Strategy that
identifies the town's needs and proposes action. Approval of the plan is
required before the town can submit a Community Development Block Grant
application.

The board met with CDBG Program Manager Timothy P. Hanson on Tuesday to review
the plan, which had been discussed in September, and approved it.

Topping the list of town priorities are handicapped accessibility for town
buildings, preservation of the historic Town Hall, water and street
improvements, affordable housing, residential septic system repairs, senior
services, center revitalization, Highway Department salt shed, housing for the
Police Department, replacement firetruck, library roof repair and expansion, and
cemetery repairs.

In other business Tuesday, selectmen scheduled a tax classification hearing with
the Board of Assessors for 6 p.m. Tuesday. Assessors are expected to announce
the town's new tax rate at the meeting, according to James W. Allen, chairman of
the selectmen.

Selectmen commended Brookfield Emergency Medical Squad Captain Donna M. LaFleur,
who is celebrating three decades of service to the community.

"She has been a very important flag bearer for the town of Brookfield," said Mr.
Allen.

Mrs. LaFleur has served as a member of the town's emergency services since 1977.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              969 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            July 11, 2012 Wednesday

Feds measure flood damage to private property

BYLINE: By John Myers Duluth News Tribune, Minn.

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 754 words


With a federal disaster already declared for public roads and bridges,
government officials fanned out Wednesday, July 11, in Northland neighborhoods
hit hardest by last month's flood to see firsthand the damage done to private
homes and businesses.

It is the first step in declaring a federal "individual assistance" declaration
that would bring federal grants and loans to help eligible flood victims
rebuild.

Officials from the Federal Emergency Management Agency and the Office of
Disaster Assistance were joined by state and local authorities in some of the
most heavily damaged homes in Carlton and St. Louis counties. They'll tour
Aitkin and Pine counties and the Fond du Lac Reservation today.

"It's door to door, neighborhood by neighborhood, checking out what kind of
private property damage is out there," said Dick Gifford, a FEMA spokesman.
"Obviously, there's a great need. But your governor has asked us to come in and
measure that need to see if (federal) individual assistance is warranted."

It could take several weeks for that declaration to be made through the
governor's office and FEMA. And then home and business owners would have to
formally apply for the federal aid.

But even those who lost everything shouldn't expect too much from the
government, cautioned Julie Anderson, a spokeswoman for the Minnesota Division
of Homeland Security/Emergency Management.

"No one is going to be made whole by this. It's just one piece of the recovery
pie," she said. "The rest is going to have to come from the community, from
fundraisers and the United Way efforts and from local sources. And people are
going to have to dig into their savings and borrow to rebuild in many cases."

Whatever is available can't some soon enough for Linda Johnson of Thomson, in
Carlton County. She and her husband, Alan, live just a few feet from the Thomson
Reservoir that spilled over its banks early on June 20, wiping out dead-end
Vermillion Road where they live and flooding not just their home but also the
thriving photography business they run in a converted garage.

The Johnsons tried to ride out the flood in their home but had to be flown out
by helicopter when they feared the waters could take out their entire house.
They lost their kitchen. Sheetrock has been ripped out. Insulation is gone.
Their driveway washed away.

"You make do. You have to," Johnson said. "But everything we've had to do we had
to pay for out of our pocket. This has pretty much drained us dry."

Johnson said most of their customers have been patient and are still coming to
get graduation and engagement photos taken, even if they have to park a block
away and scale huge chunks of washed-out asphalt and concrete to get there. But
trying to rebuild will be tough while also trying to keep the business going.

Their first good news Wednesday, even before federal officials arrived, was a
road crew starting to rebuild their street.

"I think it's great they (FEMA) came here. I was hoping they would," Johnson
said. "Anything we could get would help. Everything is up in the air for us
right now, and this is our livelihood. ... We don't want to be forgotten because
we live at the end of the road."

Bruce Peura, who lives across the street from the Johnsons, said his basement
filled with water nearly to the ceiling. But he's lucky, he noted, in that his
house is salvageable, although it will take a lot of work and money to fix it.
He, too, thanked FEMA officials for stopping.

"Just trying to replace all of the appliances at once, that's a big investment,"
Peura said. "And I still have to replace the furnace. I'm going to need that
before winter, I guess."

Authorities said up to $31,400 is available in FEMA grants, but quickly
cautioned that few disaster victims ever get that much. The national average is
about $3,000 per homeowner.

In addition, the Office of Disaster Assistance, a division of the Small Business
Administration, makes low-interest loans available to homeowners and business
owners -- up to $200,000 per home and $2 million for a business.

Businesses also can apply for up to $2 million in loans for lost business in
addition to flood damage, said Mike Peele of the SBA's Atlanta office, who
toured Thomson on Wednesday. But that aid has to be paid back.

Federal and state officials speculated that an individual assistance declaration
for the region is likely but were unsure when that might come. The last time
Minnesota received an individual assistance declaration was in 2009 in the wake
of major flooding in western Minnesota.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              970 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                               May 1, 2009 Friday
                                WEB ONLY EDITION

Zelienople, Harmony awarded for cooperation

BYLINE: Karen Kane, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. WEB

LENGTH: 176 words


Leaders of Zelienople and Harmony have been awarded money and praise from a top
state official for the communities' willingness to expand its cooperative
efforts.

"These two governments are taking a forward-thinking approach to the way they
run their governments,'' said state Department of Community and Economic
Development Acting Secretary George Cornelius. He was quoted in a news release
from the agency yesterday.

The boroughs are moving forward with a study that looks at the feasibility of
shared government services. The study is being funded with a $56,700 grant from
the DCED's Land Use Planning and Technical Assistance program as well as a
$32,000 grant from the Shared Municipal Services program. The studies will look
at land use, growth management, ordinances, and financial impacts of combined
services.

The municipalities already have tested the shared-services waters in terms of
police coverage, emergency management and street resurfacing.

DCED encourages communities to share services in an effort to eliminate
redundancies and reduce costs.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Karen Kane can be reached at kkane@post-gazette.com or at 724-772-9180.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              971 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Herald (Harare)

                                 July 17, 2014

AfDB Confident Zim Will Overcome Challenges [interview]

LENGTH: 1023 words


Below are excerpts of the Q & A, The Herald Business had with African
Development Bank resident representative

The Bank Group commenced operations in Zimbabwe in 1982 and, as at June 2014,
the Bank has funded 40 operations of which 12 are active. Total Bank cumulative
commitment is estimated at US$810 million, composed of loans (73 percent),
grants (21,7 percent) and lines of credit (5,3 percent).

The total commitments cover the following sectors: Multi-Sector (28,9 percent),
Infrastructure (27,6 percent), Industry/Mining/Quarrying (18,3 percent), Water
Supply & Sanitation (13,6 percent), Financial Sector (5,3 percent), Agriculture
Sector (4,8 percent), and Social Sector (1,5 percent).

The Bank's current portfolio in Zimbabwe is composed of African Development Fund
(ADF) grants, Africa Development Bank (ADB) loan, Zimbabwe Multi Donor Trust
Fund (ZimFund) administered by the Bank. The portfolio has 12 active operations
(covering 5 investment operations and 7 technical assistance/capacity building
interventions) amounting $167 million of which $119 million (71 percent) is
funded by ZimFund, $40 million (24 percent) by ADF grants resources and the
remaining $8 million (5 percent) by ADB loan. One of the projects is Lake
Harvest Project (US$8 million) in support of the private sector development.

The Bank's portfolio has four operations financed by ZimFund grants (US$119
million) and these are Urgent Water Supply and Sanitation Project Phase I ($43,7
million), Urgent Water Supply and Sanitation Project Phase II (US$19,8 million),
Emergency Power Infrastructure Rehabilitation Project Phase I ($39,6 million)
and Emergency Power Infrastructure Rehabilitation Project Phase II
($15,4million). Donors current commitments to ZimFund are approximately $145
million, the recent Danish $20 million commitment signed on 9 June 2014.

Of the total donor commitments, about $125 million in pledges have been fully
paid-up by the donors.

The portfolio also includes capacity building and technical assistance
interventions ($34 million ADF grant) which are focused on strengthening audit
and procurement functions of government institutions, increasing transparency in
the mining sector, enhancing core banking system of the reserve Bank of
Zimbabwe, strengthening the national statistical system, and enhancing capacity
of for debt, revenue, and public financial management.

The other capacity building project is support of Youth and Tourism Enhancement
Project ($4 million ADF grants) aimed at contributing towards the reduction of
poverty and youth unemployment through the improvement of the enabling
environment for youth and tourism development.

The Bank also supports the transport sector by providing grant resources (USD
1,4 million) to the Government of Zimbabwe to undertake a comprehensive National
Transport Sector Master Plan with a strategic framework and investment plan for
sustainable development of the transport infrastructure and services to support
growth and wealth creation taking into account green and inclusive growth.

Following the approval of ADF-13 (African Development Fund-13) at the end of
last year for the period 2014-2016 and the associated resource envelope for
Zimbabwe,), the Bank is now discussing with the Government of Zimbabwe on what
priority new projects can be funded for the next three years in support of the
Zim-Asset.

The discussions are taking into account the critical role infrastructure
development, regional integration and private sector play in economic
transformation and job creation to empower people and build more prosperous
society.

In all projects funded by the Bank, a strong emphasis is placed on institutional
capacity strengthening and accountability for enhanced service delivery. We see
gender equality as smart economics (women and no less the 50 percent of the
available productive resource in this country) and of course food security as
critical to overcome fragility and build the necessary resilience on which a
significant step change can be made. The bottom line is that there is no
shortage of projects in the pipeline, be it power, water, irrigation systems,
roads, ICT, dams, bridges, one stop boarder shops, capacity, etc. A major
constraint is the scarcity of resources and hence the need for prioritization
and to think innovatively, particularly in the face of the challenges in the
country.

The Bank's current operations at Country level are guided by the Country Brief
for Zimbabwe covering the period 2013-2015, which was formulated after
consultations with the Government, Development Partners and Non-State Actors.
The Country Brief as well as the projects identified under it are aligned with
the Government of Zimbabwe Medium Term Plan (2011-2015), Zimbabwe Agenda for
Sustainable Socio-Economic Transformation (Zim-Asset, 2013-2018), and the Bank's
Ten Year Strategy to support the country's recovery efforts and its quest to
address the critical challenges of developing skills and human resources,
strengthening and streamlining public sector institutions and investing in
infrastructure.

Since we have now received new resources from 2014-2016, there will be the need
to redefine the priorities and produce an addendum to the current Zimbabwe
Country Brief (2013-2015). This is done in consultations with the government and
other stakeholders including the development partners. As we start developing
this addendum, an important part is the assessment of the country's fragility.
You probably know that the Bank has a new strategy on how to address fragility
in Africa.

We have moved from the notion of Fragile State to Fragile Situation and States
in Transition because we came to realise that fragility is not a category of
countries but a situation that can affect any country including the most
developed.

As we look into the future, we remain confident that Zimbabwe will overcome the
current challenges by engaging and working smartly with the development
community. In this journey, the Bank will continue to be flexible and preserve
its African character.

It will continue to strive to become the partner of choice and a trusted
advisor.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              972 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           November 25, 2000 Saturday
                                  Late Edition

A land under water

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Leaders; Pg. 42

LENGTH: 672 words


Recent heavy rains have put about one-third of northern NSW and much of
south-western Queensland under water and caused huge losses to farmers. The
floodwaters will subside and life will return to normal. But even then, many of
those who are now suffering the full and immediate effect of the rains will
still be in difficulties. The devastation called for a generous response from
the Federal and State governments and the banks. Fortunately, that response
materialised this week. The Federal Government announced a $10 million emergency
relief package on Tuesday. The Premier, Mr Carr, after touring flood-affected
districts, declared many parts of the north-west of the State disaster areas,
thus entitling families and farms to access low-interest loans, emergency
transport and fodder subsidies. Yesterday, the Federal and NSW governments
agreed after a two-hour meeting with bankers to prepare a financial assistance
package for farmers within the next fortnight.

Unfortunately for some farmers, however, the floods will be a decisive blow from
which no assistance package can save them. They will join the thousands of
others who have left the land in recent decades. Some farmers, having suffered
the effects of three successive years of floods, were depending absolutely on
this year's crops to survive. They will be hard put to reschedule their debts
and pay for the inputs needed to sow next season. Some will not make it. There
is a limit to how many years losses can be incurred, debts rescheduled and fresh
borrowings made to keep farming. Until the latest financial assistance packages
are decided upon and individual farmers assess what if any of their damaged
crops can be recovered and sold, even at much reduced prices as stock feed, it
is impossible to know how many have been driven to the wall this time.

Meanwhile, the farmers will be looking for all the help they can get. The NSW
National Party leader, Mr George Souris, has asked the State Government to be
generous. On Tuesday he proposed cash grants of up to $80,000 to farmers
affected by the floods. "In light of the two contingency payments for the
staging of the Sydney Olympics of $140 million each, I am sure all taxpayers
would consider this a balanced and reasonable measure," he said. That is very
forcefully put, a fair reminder of the Sydney-and-the-bush divide. The Prime
Minister, speaking on Brisbane radio yesterday, reminded the banks that "they
live in a very stable, profitable banking environment in Australia" and that
there is "an expectation from the Australian community [and] the Australian
Government that the banks will play a very significant part in helping the rural
community". That too is well said. But the financial assistance package being
worked out between the Federal and State governments and the banks should be
generous and appropriate without the need for any such mild bullying or
cajoling.

These floods, devastating though they are, are hardly different from others that
have occurred over the years. They represent the all too familiar extremes with
which farmers have to deal. Indeed, from the farmer's point of view, heavy rains
are more manageable than some of the other factors affecting farm production and
profitability, such as world commodity prices and access to foreign markets. For
now, the strategy for many farmers will be one of cutting losses and regrouping
resources. Even then, they will depend on the undertakings the banks reportedly
have made in principle this week, to defer capital repayment for a year and to
hold lending margins at existing levels. As the Deputy Prime Minister, Mr
Anderson, who owns a property at Gunnedah, said this week: "The major problem,
severe as the floods are and as dramatic as they look on television, is the lack
of cash flow, the crippling of the economic base with the loss of so much of the
cereal crop." To help provident and hard-working farmers who have been driven to
the brink will also be to help the wider rural communities they do so much to
sustain.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2000 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              973 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   New Orleans CityBusiness (New Orleans, LA)

                               November 20, 2006

Commentary: GNO Inc. pegs N.O. metro area's infrastructure repair bill at $8B

BYLINE: Mark Drennen

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 852  words


The essential infrastructure installations of a community includes schools,
hospitals, transportation facilities, power plants, highways, streets, roads and
bridges, airports and water resources. The word infrastructure has taken on
extreme importance in the recovery process of greater New Orleans and the entire
Katrina-wracked region. How we plan for and execute the repair and restoration
of the essential elements of our infrastructure will determine if there is to be
a truly meaningful recovery. Greater New Orleans Inc., the region's 10-parish
economic alliance, believes infrastructure restoration is a top priority.

GNO Inc. is bringing that attitude to the forefront of its recovery agenda with
a committee assigned to the task of writing and executing an action plan. It
does so realizing that it may require $8 billion to adequately address all
critical infrastructure needs facing the region, to repair and restore the
damaged systems and plan for the future. GNO Inc. 's committee was formed to
ensure southeast Louisiana receive its fair share of revenues to accomplish what
some think to be insurmountable. At this writing, the Louisiana Recovery
Authority has allocated $2.3 billion to the task with $1.9 billion coming from
community development block grants and $330 million from the Federal Emergency
Management Agency's Hazardous Mitigation program. Clearly there is a mountain
yet to be climbed. New Orleans attorney and civic activist Bill Hines chairs the
GNO Infrastructure Committee. Hines is no stranger in volunteering his expertise
in a critical leadership role and is already bringing to this huge task a
determination to unite public and private sectors. "Let's first define
infrastructure," Hines said. "Let's get real, candid data that we can rely on. "
Hines said the committee must know the true priorities across the region in
order to arrive at relevant decisions. "We need smart people sitting down making
smart, non-political decisions, not unlike the way the city, the National
Football League, the state and the Superdome determined the needs of the Dome,"
Hines said. The Committee believes the infrastructure needs of the entire region
must be prioritized to ensure the highest and best use of funds. Each of the 10
parishes have been asked to list their critical needs and costs. Jefferson
Parish, for example, has already created a task force to consider its response.
JEDCO, the parishwide economic development group, the Chamber of Commerce and
parish government leadership are at work determining how they might best apply
available funding. The LRA may be the source of considerable assistance.
Congress has appropriated $l0.4 billion to Louisiana in CDBG money and an
additional $1.5 billion through Hazardous Mitigation Grant Program for a total
of $11.9 billion to be distributed through the LRA. The LRA allocated $9.25
billion toward the state's Road Home program for housing recovery and $350
million for the Economic Development Recovery plan. However, it is anticipated
not all money will be spent in the LRA housing program. Those dollars plus a
state surplus of more than $700 million from fiscal year 2005-06 could be used
for infrastructure needs. Our infrastructure laundry list seems at times
unending. There is, for example, the matter of the city's drinking and waste
water system, which will take an estimated $700 million to repair and properly
build for the future. Streets and highways will require millions more. Schools
and hospitals are yet another priority need. Power companies face enormous
replacement costs. There are thousands of businesses not yet up to speed because
of infrastructure shortcomings. As the GNO Infrastructure Committee continues
its work one thing is sure. It will require a full court press on Congress for
additional funding for the future. There simply aren't enough federal grant
dollars around to bring the region back to near pre-Katrina capacity. Hines and
his group will be calling on Louisiana senior Sen. Mary Landrieu, and the entire
delegation for support. "America's infrastructure is in critical condition and
we need a massive national commitment to deal with it," Landrieu said. "The
painful lesson of hurricanes Katrina and Rita is south Louisiana needs better,
stronger levees and flood protection systems. Restoration of our wetlands can be
achieved with the passage of the Domenici-Landrieu Gulf of Mexico Energy
Security act, which would open 8.3 million new acres in the Gulf of Mexico to
oil and gas drilling and share 37.5 percent of the new revenues with Louisiana,
Texas, Mississippi and Alabama. I am working to get this bill passed before the
end of the year in the lame-duck session of the 109th Congress. "In the 110th
Congress, I will again make the case to my colleagues that it is critical to
invest in Louisiana infrastructure. Not only is it crucial for south Louisiana
communities, but also for the rest of the country, which depends heavily on the
energy produced along the Gulf of Mexico, America's only energy coast. " Mark
Drenne is president and CEO of Greater New Orleans Inc.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              974 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           January 18, 2014 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Slosberg calls on Scott to visit flood areas;
Boca Democrat asks governor to declare state of emergency.

BYLINE:  By Jorge Milian and Jennifer Sorentrue   Palm Beach Post Staff Writers

SECTION: LOCAL & BUSINESS; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 456 words


State Rep. Irv Slosberg, D-Boca Raton, is calling on Gov. Rick Scott to visit
communities flooded by last week's torrential storm and declare a state of
emergency.

In a letter sent to the governor Thursday, Slosberg said the unnamed storm had
"disastrous consequences" in many areas of southern Palm Beach County.

"Hundreds of homes were so flooded that many of my constituents have been left
homeless," Slosberg wrote.

"My district is home to a large senior citizen community, and unfortunately,
many of these people do not have automobile or flood insurance. These people are
on a fixed income, and are mostly uninsured."

Slosberg asked Scott to use any "financial or material assistance" available to
the state to help residents affected by the storm, which dumped nearly 2 feet of
rain over parts of south county.

"My constituents are the people that built this great nation, and it is shameful
to see them left out in the dark in this time of need," Slosberg wrote.

One of those constituents is Gillian Davis, who since 1984 has lived in the
Treasure Island community of Boynton Beach, between Boynton Beach Boulevard and
Old Boynton Road east of Congress Avenue.

Davis said there is no drainage in the neighborhood and because her house rests
on the lowest spot in the area, the flood water rushed through her property and
into a nearby canal creating large fissures on two sides of her swimming pool.

When she called the city and county, Davis said she was told neither was
responsible for the damage.

Davis worries that the fissures could end up creating a sinkhole effect that
swallows her swimming pool.

"The holes are like canyons -- they're huge," Davis said. "It shouldn't be my
responsibility to drain all of Treasure Island."

Davis said she's received an estimate of $10,000 to fill the holes and fix the
damage.

"But without a drain, it could happen again," Davis said. "What's the point?"

Last week's storm was called a "greater-than-1,000-year average" event by Robert
Molleda of the National Weather Service in Miami. In one area of Boynton Beach,
22 inches of rain fell in 24 hours.

State emergency managers toured the areas hardest hit by flooding Wednesday, but
ruled that residents are not eligible for federal grant money.

State Sen. Maria Sachs said Friday that she would meet with officials from the
South Florida Water Management District and the Lake Worth Drainage District "to
discuss what went wrong and how we can find a solution."

"We can no longer wait for lives to be lost and homes to be damaged before we
update our infrastructure to keep pace with the changing climate," Sachs said.
"Tallahassee must address these needs today."

jmilian@pbpost.com Twitter: @jorgemilian1 jsorentrue@pbpost.com Twitter:
@sorentruepbp

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              975 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 12, 2012 Thursday

Feds measure flood damage to private property

BYLINE: John Myers, Duluth News Tribune, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 779 words


July 12--THOMSON -- With a federal disaster already declared for public roads
and bridges, government officials fanned out Wednesday in Northland
neighborhoods hit hardest by last month's flood to see firsthand the damage done
to private homes and businesses.

It is the first step in declaring a federal "individual assistance" declaration
that would bring federal grants and loans to help eligible flood victims
rebuild.

Officials from the Federal Emergency Management Agency and the Office of
Disaster Assistance were joined by state and local authorities in some of the
most heavily damaged homes in Carlton and St. Louis counties. They'll tour
Aitkin and Pine counties and the Fond du Lac Reservation today.

"It's door to door, neighborhood by neighborhood, checking out what kind of
private property damage is out there," said Dick Gifford, a FEMA spokesman.
"Obviously, there's a great need. But your governor has asked us to come in and
measure that need to see if (federal) individual assistance is warranted."

It could take several weeks for that declaration to be made through the
governor's office and FEMA. And then home and business owners would have to
formally apply for the federal aid.

But even those who lost everything shouldn't expect too much from the
government, cautioned Julie Anderson, a spokeswoman for the Minnesota Division
of Homeland Security/Emergency Management.

"No one is going to be made whole by this. It's just one piece of the recovery
pie," she said. "The rest is going to have to come from the community, from
fundraisers and the United Way efforts and from local sources. And people are
going to have to dig into their savings and borrow to rebuild in many cases."

Whatever is available can't some soon enough for Linda Johnson. She and her
husband, Alan, live just a few feet away from the Thomson Reservoir that spilled
over its banks early on June 20, wiping out dead-end Vermillion Road where they
live and flooding not just their home but the thriving photography business they
run in a converted garage.

The Johnsons tried to ride out the flood in their home but had to be
helicoptered out when they feared the waters could take out their entire house.
They lost their kitchen. Sheetrock has been ripped out. Insulation is gone.
Their driveway washed away.

"You make do. You have to," Johnson said. "But everything we've had to do we had
to pay for out of our pocket. This has pretty much drained us dry."

Johnson said most of their customers have been patient and are still coming to
get graduation and engagement photos taken, even if they have to park a block
away and scale huge chunks of washed-out asphalt and concrete to get there. But
trying to rebuild will be tough while also trying to keep the business going.

Their first good news Wednesday, even before federal officials arrived, was a
road crew starting to rebuild their street.

"I think it's great they (FEMA) came here. I was hoping they would," Johnson
said. "Anything we could get would help. Everything is up in the air for us
right now, and this is our livelihood. ... We don't want to be forgotten because
we live at the end of the road."

Bruce Peura, who lives across the street from the Johnsons, said his basement
filled with water nearly to the ceiling. But he's lucky, he noted, in that his
house is salvageable, although it will take a lot of work and a lot of money to
fix it. He, too, thanked FEMA officials for stopping.

"Just trying to replace all of the appliances at once, that's a big investment,"
Peura said. "And I still have to replace the furnace. I'm going to need that
before winter, I guess."

Authorities said up to $31,400 is available in FEMA grants, but quickly
cautioned that few disaster victims ever get that much. The national average is
about $3,000 per homeowner.

In addition, the Office of Disaster Assistance, a division of the Small Business
Administration, makes low-interest loans available to homeowners and business
owners -- up to $200,000 per home and $2 million for a business.

Businesses also can apply for up to $2 million in loans for lost business in
addition to flood damage, said Mike Peele of the SBA's Atlanta office, who
toured Thomson on Wednesday. But that aid has to be paid back.

Federal and state officials speculated that an individual assistance declaration
for the region is likely but were unsure when that might come. The last time
Minnesota received an individual assistance declaration was in 2009 in the wake
of major flooding in western Minnesota.

___ (c)2012 the Duluth News Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) Visit the Duluth News
Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) at www.duluthnewstribune.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120712-DU-Feds-measure-flood-damage-to-private-property-0712-20120712

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2012 Duluth News-Tribune


                              976 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                            October 28, 2011 Friday

ADB provides 260 Million rupees grant for flood affectees

SECTION: Vol. 16 No. 299

LENGTH: 394  words


The Asian Development Bank (ADB)  Thursday  provided  Rupees 261 million (US$ 3
million) grant to Pakistan  for the relief of flood affected people.

The emergency assistance from ADB's Asia Pacific Disaster  Response Fund will
help the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) to ensure provision of
food, drinking water, medicines and tents for desperate victims, many already
affected by last year's flood, at the onset of the winter.

'ADB stands by the people of Pakistan in these difficult times. We hope   that
the grant will increase NDMA's ability to reach out to poor and the   most
vulnerable groups particularly women and children facing a desperate
situation. Many families have lost their entire belongings and source of
livelihood and are in urgent need of food and shelter' said Dr. Werner
Liepach, ADB's Country Director for Pakistan after signing the agreement   with
Abdul Wajid Rana, Secretary, Economic Affairs Division Thursday here.

According to the United Nations,  5.4 million people have been affected by
this year's floods displacing 1.8 million people. NDMA's initial estimates
puts the number of houses destroyed and or partially damaged at 645,000   and
580,000 respectively. 413 people have died and more than 700 have   suffered
injuries during the disaster.

ADB and the World Bank are jointly assessing the extent of damages. The
assessment is expected to help the Government of Pakistan and other   partners
in charting out an action plan to restore basic services and   rebuild
irrigation and flood protection structures so that affected   families could
resume their lives with peace of mind' added Dr. Liepach.  Earlier this year ADB
provided a $650 million loan to Pakistan for   reconstruction of vital
infrastructure damaged by last year's devastating   floods. The Flood Emergency
Reconstruction Project (FERP) is rebuilding   damaged national and provincial
road networks, irrigation systems and   flood protection structures, and
rehabilitate economic activities.

The FERP also includes reconstruction of 793 km of national highways and
bridges, and about 800 km of provincial road networks to multiple hazards
resistant standards, improving 1.5 million hectors of agriculture land by
restoring and strengthening flood protection embankment, rehabilitating   canals
and other allied infrastructure.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              977 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 8, 2014 Friday

WA WILDFIRES: Murray, Cantwell, Hastings, Reichert Urge President Obama to Grant
Major Disaster Declaration

LENGTH: 1427  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Patty Murray, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Today, the federal delegation representing impacted areas in Washington state
sent a letter to President Barack Obama urging him to grant the major disaster
declaration that was requested by Governor Jay Inslee. The letter was sent by
U.S. Senators Patty Murray (D-WA) and Maria Cantwell (D-WA) and U.S.
Representatives Doc Hastings (WA-4) and Dave Reichert (WA-8).

"While local communities and state agencies have responded admirably, a disaster
of this magnitude requires long-term federal assistance to help these
communities respond, rebuild, and cope with this tragedy," the members wrote in
the letter. "We fully support Governor Inslee's request for a major disaster
declaration that includes hazard mitigation, public assistance, and individual
assistance. The public assistance requested by Governor Inslee is vital to
restoring public infrastructure damaged by the wildfires. Further, individual
assistance with housing support, disaster crisis counseling, disaster
unemployment, and other supports will help meet the needs of the families,
business owners, and other community members who are struggling in the aftermath
of this disaster."

The full text of the letter follows:

The Honorable Barack Obama
President of the United States
The White House
1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, Northwest
Washington, DC  20500

Dear Mr. President:

We write to urge you to approve as quickly as possible the federal major
disaster declaration requested this week by Washington Governor Jay Inslee.

We are grateful for your quick approval on July 23, 2014, of Governor Inslee's
request for a federal emergency disaster declaration (FEMA-3371-EM). However, as
the magnitude of these wildfires has grown with time, so too has the long-term
personal and economic effects on the small, rural communities in Washington. The
emergency declaration, while vital in supporting the immediate response of the
firefighters to save lives and property, is inadequate to support the long-term
needs of individual families or the public entities throughout the region.

As you know, Washington state is having the worst wildfire season in years.
Wildfires burning in Counties throughout Central and Eastern Washington have
stretched our state's wildfire fighting resources thin. Lightning storms in the
region sparked more than 150 fires in mid-July, and new starts have continued to
occur in August. Several of the starts in July merged to form the Mills Canyon,
Carlton Complex, and Chiwaukum Complex wildfires. To date, wildfires in
Washington state have consumed more than 350,000 acres of land, this is five
times the average annual acres burned.

Ignited on July 14, 2014, the Carlton Complex wildfire in Okanogan and Chelan
Counties has grown to become the largest wildfire in Washington state history.
This wildfire alone has forced the evacuation of hundreds and has destroyed more
than 450 structures, including family homes, businesses, outbuildings, and
seasonal multi-family farmworker housing. The Chiwaukum Complex and Mills Canyon
wildfires in Chelan County have burned nearly 40,000 acres. While thousands of
personnel have responded to control these two wildfires, the Chiwaukum Complex
remains only 35-percent contained. These three fires have caused significant
damage to public infrastructure in Central Washington and will have lasting
effects on these communities.

Together, Mills Canyon, Carlton Complex, and Chiwaukum Complex wildfires have
destroyed more than 300 homes, mostly in Okanogan County. Given the already low
levels of unoccupied  housing in Okanogan County, the loss of these homes has
created an acute housing shortage. While local hotels are normally relied upon
to address disaster-triggered housing shortages, the ongoing and economically
vital tourist season has significantly diminished the number of rooms available
to displaced Okanogan County households. Federal assistance is needed
immediately to stem this housing shortage before it grows into a crisis.

The region's public infrastructure has sustained enormous damage due to the
wildfires. The Carlton Complex wildfire has destroyed 345 miles of distribution
lines, 21 miles of transmission lines, and more than 85 miles of fiber optic
lines owned by the Okanogan Public Utility District (PUD) - all of which must be
replaced. The damage caused by the fire resulted in loss of power service to
3,602 Okanogan PUD customers and approximately 3,500 Okanogan Cooperative
customers. Additionally, at least 7,100 PUD customers were without power and
telecommunications services for extended periods of time. During one 14 hour
period, nearly all of Okanogan County lacked access to any telecommunication
services, including cellular networks, broadband networks, and 911 emergency
operators. Rebuilding these public utilities will take months and federal
assistance is seriously needed.

We are proud that Washington state is home to a strong agriculture economy, with
farmers, ranchers, and agriculture businesses located throughout our state.
Okanogan County is no exception. The County supported more than 1,440 farms in
2012 and is a major producer of apples, cherries, pears, forage, wheat, and
cattle resulting in $287 million in agriculture sales. Of the estimated 41,000
Washingtonians living in Okanogan County, approximately 45-percent of the total
workforce is tied to the agriculture sector. However, as the Carlton Complex
wildfire moved through Okanogan County it killed cattle, blackened thousands of
acres of grazing land, scorched orchards, and destroyed critical farming
equipment, including miles of orchard fencing used to protect the fruit from
deer. The power outages further compounded these losses. Without power,
irrigation pumps would not operate and farmers struggled to water the crops
spared by the wildfires. Further, because power outages disrupted refrigeration
in cold storage facilities, producers saw harvested crops that were awaiting
packing and shipping perish. With so much of Okanogan County's workforce tied to
the agricultural industry, the losses suffered have resulted in significant
hardship for the local economy and residents of Central Washington.

During the past weeks, we have worked closely with the affected communities in
Okanogan and Chelan Counties, and the Confederated Tribes of the Colville
Reservation. We have heard many heartbreaking stories from constituents who lost
everything when their homes were destroyed by wildfire, including a family of
seven. But we have also heard stories of generosity and bravery that best
characterize the steely and determined nature of these communities - stories of
neighbors who banded together to fight back flames licking at their doorstep and
stories of fathers who worked tirelessly to save their children's school from
burning. These citizens are proud and fiercely independent people accustomed to
taking care of their own and handling situations within their community, making
their calls for help all the more meaningful.

We are enormously proud of the thousands of firefighters, volunteers, and
soldiers from multiple local and state agencies who have responded heroically to
this disaster. We are grateful for all those who have traveled from Colorado,
Oregon, Montana, and other jurisdictions to lend their assistance in
firefighting. We also deeply appreciate the commitment of the many citizens,
volunteers, charities, businesses, and local elected and appointed officials who
have risen to serve their neighbors during this very difficult time.

While local communities and state agencies have responded admirably, a disaster
of this magnitude requires long-term federal assistance to help these
communities respond, rebuild, and cope with this tragedy. We fully support
Governor Inslee's request for a major disaster declaration that includes hazard
mitigation, public assistance, and individual assistance. The public assistance
requested by Governor Inslee is vital to restoring public infrastructure damaged
by the wildfires. Further, individual assistance with housing support, disaster
crisis counseling, disaster unemployment, and other supports will help meet the
needs of the families, business owners, and other community members who are
struggling in the aftermath of this disaster.

We therefore urge you to grant Governor Inslee's request in its entirety as soon
as possible. Thank you in advance for your quick attention to this matter.

For further information please visit: http://www.murray.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              978 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             March 20, 2016 Sunday

In the lines of fire

BYLINE: Thomas J. Barton thomas.barton@thmedia.com

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1547 words


Jim Boedeker works as general manager of Kloeckner Metal's Dubuque location at
14806 W. Ridge Lane.

The distributor of steel products sits less than five miles from the
Centralia-Peosta fire station, and Boedeker had assumed that, should an
emergency arise at his business, Centralia-Peosta firefighters would be the
first to respond.

But when a fire broke out in a maintenance building in November, forcing
employees to evacuate, Boedeker was somewhat surprised to see Epworth
firefighters arrive first.

Firefighters were on scene less than five minutes after 911 was called, but fire
officials and insurance agents said the incident highlights the confusion and
general lack of awareness of how fire districts are drawn and who's responsible
for responding. Urban sprawl and decades-old laws have carved convoluted
jurisdictional boundaries for providing fire protection to rural areas across
the tri-state area.

"The response was great ... but I guess you never really think about (who is
responsible for responding) until it happens," Boedeker said.

Asbury Fire Chief Dave Grass said he often gets questions from new homeowners
and insurance agents about fire district boundary lines.

"They don't really understand or know where those lines are," he said. "Because
of our proximity to Dubuque, those lines are blurred. People assume we're a paid
department or we are Dubuque fire department. To the laypeople, they don't take
the time to figure out who their response agency is until they need us, and then
they see us at their front door."

BOUNDARIES LIKE 'AN ETCH A SKETCH'

State laws in Iowa, Illinois and Wisconsin require that every township provide
fire protection.

Previously, departments provided services on a subscription basis. The
"pay-to-spray" fee policy was changed in the 1970s after some fire departments
chose to let homes burn whose owners hadn't paid.

Township trustees were left to determine response districts and tax accordingly
for fire-protection and ambulance services, according to Tom Berger, Dubuque
County Emergency Management Agency director and the Epworth fire chief.

For the most part, boundary lines were drawn to coincide with the fire
departments who were receiving subscription money from landowners, Berger said.

Some departments saw an opportunity to expand and spread their costs over a
wider area. Other communities created their own fire departments or contracted
with neighboring communities, while larger cities decided to serve only
residents within their city limits, such as the city of Dubuque, the tri-state
area's only full-time department.

Four decades later, ground once covered in crops when fire district lines were
first drawn have developed into residential subdivisions, business developments
and industrial parks. That has left some outside city limits in newer, rural
neighborhoods with service from several miles away, rather than the station in
the nearest town.

"It's all jiggly-wiggly and up and down, like someone did it on an Etch A
Sketch," said Savanna, Ill., Fire Chief Shawn Picolotti of the fire district
boundaries in northwest Illinois. "I don't know what the science was around
this."

No one, however, has died or been seriously harmed as a result of the
arrangements, according to tri-state fire, sheriff and emergency management
officials.

COLLABORATION, TECHNOLOGY EASE CONFUSION

Annexations also have contributed to occasional uncertainties, Dubuque County
fire chiefs said, creating small slivers, peninsulas and jagged boundaries that
lead to confusion over which district has jurisdiction.

For example, when emergencies happen on U.S. 61/151 on Dubuque's southern edge,
city firefighters have jurisdiction rather than neighboring Key West Fire
Department.

In some spots, the closest Dubuque fire station is about 5 miles away, while the
Key West station is less than a mile.

"You could have two to three fire departments responding when it should have
been just one," Grass said of annexed areas south and west of Dubuque. "But
whichever department is called to respond is going to respond. We take care of
it or wait on scene until the appropriate department arrives."

Typically, such confusion gets ironed out quickly with dispatchers, and maps are
updated to reflect properties that have changed jurisdiction, Grass said.

And while confusing on paper, computer-aided dispatching software and mutual-aid
agreements help provide prompt and appropriate response, ensuring the closest
unit - regardless of jurisdiction - arrives.

AUTOMATIC AID

All fire departments in Grant County, Wis., and Jo Daviess County, Ill., have
automatic-aid agreements.

In case of a rural structure fire, assistance is dispatched automatically by
contractual agreement between two or more neighboring departments. That differs
from mutual-aid arrangements, where assistance is arranged on a case-by-case
basis.

"Any fire we get or any structure fire they get, we both get dispatched," said
East Dubuque, Ill., Fire Chief Jo Heim of the fire department's agreement with
the Menominee-Dunleith Fire Department. "And whoever is closer is first, and
that's the way it is. We've been able to put more firefighters and equipment on
the scene than we have in the past."

Berger said Dubuque County fire departments are working to develop similar
agreements. He said he hopes they will be established by the end of the year.

WISCONSIN

Grant County has about 52,000 residents - and 21 fire districts.

"Some fire districts are single townships and some being multiple communities
that have banded together to provide fire protection," said county Emergency
Management Director Steve Braun. "In a number of cases, the closest station
isn't where fire resources are coming from, but it varies by location.

"Some districts may be situated where a resource is right there, but the way the
fire district is structured, that resource might come from farther away."

For example, properties half a mile or less from the Cuba City, Wis., Fire
Department just past the city's southern edge are served by the Hazel Green,
Wis., fire and ambulance district more than 3 miles away.

Conversely, Ellenboro Township - between Platteville and Lancaster, Wis., - is
divided in half between the two.

Beetown is served by three fire departments: Cassville, Lancaster and
Bloomington.

"All of it is funding driven, based on what a community can afford," Braun said.
"The capabilities of some of those rural departments vary considerably in terms
of training and equipment by the investment the community has made."

All the fire districts work together to share resources and manpower, he said.

"With rural fires, larger structure fires, grain bin and swift-river rescues,
it's seldom you don't see three or more departments working together to make
sure there's adequate water supply, manpower and resource," Braun said. "We have
a strong, well-attended county fire association and regional partnerships. They
absolutely are working together even if the district lines don't always make
sense."

IMPROVED RESPONSE

Departments also have adapted by adding substations.

In the case of the Kloeckner Metals fire, volunteer firefighters were dispatched
from both Epworth Fire Department's main headquarters in that city and a
substation near the Highway 20 Auto Truck Plaza between Dubuque and Peosta. The
station was built in 2004 at the intersection of North Cascade Road and Royal
Wood Drive, and sits underneath a water tower built within the past three years.

The station was added due to an increase in call volumes and "residential urban
sprawl," Berger said.

The volunteer department has firefighters that either live or work near the
substation, he said. Both stations are alerted to emergencies, and the fire
engine at the second station has medical equipment to treat and prepare patients
for transport when an ambulance arrives.

"Since the water tower was put on line, people living in the subdivisions
serviced by the water system receive the same Insurance Services Organization
rating as the citizens in Epworth since we operate as one department," Berger
said.

Epworth Fire Department has a Class 4 fire-protection rating. ISO ratings help
insurers measure a community's risk of fire damage and allows cities to
benchmark emergency preparedness against a national standard to guide
improvements.

Fire departments can score from 1 to 10, with 1 being exemplary and 10 being
inadequate.

"This saves them anywhere between $100 and $400 per year on homeowner's
insurance since they are covered by the EFD with a station within 1.5 miles of
their residence and hydrants throughout their subdivision," Berger wrote in a
follow-up email.

Response time to the Kloeckner Metals fire was cut by five minutes by having
apparatus and volunteers in that area, according to a 911 dispatch report.

Asbury, Key West, Farley and Centralia-Peosta crews also responded. About 30
firefighters in all were on scene.

"All fire departments work well together, and we rely on one another for
mutual-aid assistance," Berger said. "If 911 is called, someone is responding
within minutes, and for anything major, multiple departments will be responding.

"And Dubuque County fire chiefs meet regularly with the county's 911 manager to
discuss computer-aided dispatching software and how we can better respond to
emergencies."

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              979 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 7, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: EPA awards $11.5 million to American Samoa for environmental
protection

LENGTH: 708 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has issued the following news
release:



 The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency is providing $11.5 million to American
Samoa for environmental protection work.

 &ldquo;EPA's funding enables American Samoa to advance their goals in the
pursuit of clean air, water and land as part of our &ldquo;Making a Visible
Difference&rdquo; initiative,&rdquo; said Jared Blumenfeld, EPA's Regional
Administrator for the Pacific Southwest. &ldquo;We congratulate the American
Samoa Le Ofisa O Puipuiaga O le Si'osi'omaga and ASPA for their work benefitting
the island residents and their resources.&rdquo;





 In June, EPA announced its commitment to American Samoa to combat drinking
water and climate change challenges as part of the Agency's Making a Visible
Difference in Communities effort in 50 communities nationwide. The effort is
designed to direct technical assistance and other resources to advance the goals
of these 50 communities. By supporting American Samoa Environmental Protection
Agency (ASEPA) and American Samoa Power Authority (ASPA) through programmatic
and infrastructure grants, as well as new funding sources for wetlands and
groundwater protection, EPA is working alongside American Samoa to address its
toughest environmental challenges.



 ASPA, the agency that provides utility services to residents, will receive over
$9 million from EPA. Nearly all of it will be used for water infrastructure to
improve drinking water quality, including removing existing boil water notices,
as well as prevent water pollution. $42,000 of the funding will be used for
solar power battery storage to support renewable energy on the Manu'a islands.



 ASEPA, the agency that implements the environmental programs, will receive over
$2.2 million to support air, water, and land inspections, monitor the safety of
beaches and drinking water, clean up sites contaminated by waste, improve
piggery compliance, and respond to emergencies.



 Additionally, for the first time ASEPA will also receive $292,000 in 2015-2016
Wetlands Program Development Grants to conduct water quality monitoring and
assess the health of watersheds and their adjacent coral reefs.



 American Samoa EPA Environmental Project Priorities include:



     &middot; Improving their ability to assess watershed health, stream water
quality, and coral reef health. This includes a comprehensive ridge-to-reef
assessment program and collection of data that can be used to predict threats to
ecosystem health in the watersheds, pinpoint specific sources of degradation,
and develop models for identifying threats to coral, plus develop a training
toolkit using ecosystem health monitoring criteria.

     &middot; Work to remove the existing boil water notice areas on Tutuila,
and ensure access to potable drinking water for 100 percent of American Samoa
residents;

     &middot; Protect Faga'alu Watershed, designated a priority watershed by the
US Coral Reef Task Force, and its coral reefs through the reduction of silt and
contaminants into Faga'alu stream.

     &middot; Protect human health and reduce leptospirosis through
implementation of ASEPA's Piggery Compliance Program;

     &middot; Protect coastal waters, coral reefs and indigenous biota through
water quality monitoring and beach monitoring to help ensure American Samoa has
clean beaches for swimming and fishing;

     &middot; Conduct outreach and education to American Samoa's schools and
communities, the &ldquo;Keep American Samoa Beautiful (KASB) Campaign, and
American Samoa's Anti-Litter Program; Clean up and development contaminated
sites;

     &middot; Educate farmers on proper pesticide application techniques, and
eliminate illegal importation and use of unregistered/foreign pesticides;

     &middot; Inspect underground and above ground fuel storage tanks;

     &middot; Emergency response, hazardous waste, and clean air program
management.





 The EPA's Pacific Southwest Region (Region 9) administers and enforces federal
environmental laws in Arizona, California, Hawaii, Nevada, the Pacific Islands
and 148 tribal nations -- home to more than 48 million people.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              980 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 7, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: EPA awards $11.5 million to American Samoa for environmental
protection

LENGTH: 708 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: U.S. Environmental Protection Agency has issued the following news
release:



 The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency is providing $11.5 million to American
Samoa for environmental protection work.

 &ldquo;EPA's funding enables American Samoa to advance their goals in the
pursuit of clean air, water and land as part of our &ldquo;Making a Visible
Difference&rdquo; initiative,&rdquo; said Jared Blumenfeld, EPA's Regional
Administrator for the Pacific Southwest. &ldquo;We congratulate the American
Samoa Le Ofisa O Puipuiaga O le Si'osi'omaga and ASPA for their work benefitting
the island residents and their resources.&rdquo;





 In June, EPA announced its commitment to American Samoa to combat drinking
water and climate change challenges as part of the Agency's Making a Visible
Difference in Communities effort in 50 communities nationwide. The effort is
designed to direct technical assistance and other resources to advance the goals
of these 50 communities. By supporting American Samoa Environmental Protection
Agency (ASEPA) and American Samoa Power Authority (ASPA) through programmatic
and infrastructure grants, as well as new funding sources for wetlands and
groundwater protection, EPA is working alongside American Samoa to address its
toughest environmental challenges.



 ASPA, the agency that provides utility services to residents, will receive over
$9 million from EPA. Nearly all of it will be used for water infrastructure to
improve drinking water quality, including removing existing boil water notices,
as well as prevent water pollution. $42,000 of the funding will be used for
solar power battery storage to support renewable energy on the Manu'a islands.



 ASEPA, the agency that implements the environmental programs, will receive over
$2.2 million to support air, water, and land inspections, monitor the safety of
beaches and drinking water, clean up sites contaminated by waste, improve
piggery compliance, and respond to emergencies.



 Additionally, for the first time ASEPA will also receive $292,000 in 2015-2016
Wetlands Program Development Grants to conduct water quality monitoring and
assess the health of watersheds and their adjacent coral reefs.



 American Samoa EPA Environmental Project Priorities include:



     &middot; Improving their ability to assess watershed health, stream water
quality, and coral reef health. This includes a comprehensive ridge-to-reef
assessment program and collection of data that can be used to predict threats to
ecosystem health in the watersheds, pinpoint specific sources of degradation,
and develop models for identifying threats to coral, plus develop a training
toolkit using ecosystem health monitoring criteria.

     &middot; Work to remove the existing boil water notice areas on Tutuila,
and ensure access to potable drinking water for 100 percent of American Samoa
residents;

     &middot; Protect Faga'alu Watershed, designated a priority watershed by the
US Coral Reef Task Force, and its coral reefs through the reduction of silt and
contaminants into Faga'alu stream.

     &middot; Protect human health and reduce leptospirosis through
implementation of ASEPA's Piggery Compliance Program;

     &middot; Protect coastal waters, coral reefs and indigenous biota through
water quality monitoring and beach monitoring to help ensure American Samoa has
clean beaches for swimming and fishing;

     &middot; Conduct outreach and education to American Samoa's schools and
communities, the &ldquo;Keep American Samoa Beautiful (KASB) Campaign, and
American Samoa's Anti-Litter Program; Clean up and development contaminated
sites;

     &middot; Educate farmers on proper pesticide application techniques, and
eliminate illegal importation and use of unregistered/foreign pesticides;

     &middot; Inspect underground and above ground fuel storage tanks;

     &middot; Emergency response, hazardous waste, and clean air program
management.





 The EPA's Pacific Southwest Region (Region 9) administers and enforces federal
environmental laws in Arizona, California, Hawaii, Nevada, the Pacific Islands
and 148 tribal nations -- home to more than 48 million people.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              981 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                        Utility Emergency Services Fund

                       1617 John F Kennedy Blvd Suite 840
                            Philadelphia,  PA 19103
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (215) 972-5170
FAX: (215) 972-5174
URL: www.uesfacts.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   The Utility Emergency Services Fund was founded in 1983 after several tragic
deaths to Philadelphia residents due to excessive heat in the summer and frigid
cold in the winter. UESF rose from the idea of area community leaders to help
low income households in financial trouble with their utility bills. Through
their partnership with PECO Energy, the Philadelphia Gas Works and the
Philadelphia Water Department, UESF has been able to help over 320,000 people.
Offering a unique service of emergency financial assistance, clients can apply
for grants of $500 to reach a zero balance with their bill. All of UESF's
clients must have their service terminated or have notice of shut off status.
With UESF's partnership with the three major utility companies, a dollar for
dollar match is made to reach the $500 total. Clients are responsible for any
arrearage that exists above that total.  With this second chance, UESF also
promotes independence among its clients. When a person is granted support, they
are then only able to apply for further assistance after a two-year period.  By
giving low-income households an opportunity to start anew, UESF provides the
chance for a better situation. With increased costs for utilities skyrocketing
in the past few years, UESF is able to meet the challenge of keeping the lights
on, the house warm and the water running. These are basic needs that are vital
to survival.  The clients that UESF provides assistance for are low-income
families within 175% of t

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              982 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 23, 2014 Wednesday

New York: Governor Cuomo Announces $175 Million to Cover Local Governments'
Costs of Rebuilding After Superstorm Sandy

LENGTH: 1345  words

DATELINE: Albany


Office of The Governor, The State of New York has issued the following news
release:

Governor Andrew M. Cuomo today announced funding to cover local governments'
costs to repair and rebuild infrastructure damaged by Superstorm Sandy. As part
of FEMA's Public Assistance (PA) program, local governments and public entities
are required to cover ten percent of the costs incurred as a result of federally
declared disasters. For local governments and public entities eligible to
receive Sandy funds outside of New York City, the total match cost is more than
$175 million, of which $145 million will go to Nassau and Suffolk counties. To
ensure that these communities can continue with their recovery without the need
to borrow funds, dip into emergency reserves, or pass the costs along to local
taxpayers, Governor Cuomo today directed that state-allocated Community
Development Block Grant - Disaster Relief (CDBG-DR) funds be used to cover the
localities' costs.

"After the devastating storms New York has experienced over the past few years,
the State has been partnering with communities to help them recover and build
back better and stronger than before," said Governor Cuomo. "Following Storms
Irene and Lee, the State stepped up to cover the costs facing local governments.
Today we are pleased to announce that once again, we are going to help
municipalities pay to rebuild, bolster critical infrastructure, and work to
revive their local economies in the process."

The FEMA public assistance program covers immediate post-storm response needs
like debris removal and emergency protective measures, and provides funds for
the repair and rebuilding of publically owned infrastructure that was damaged
including roads, schools bridges, parks, hospitals, police stations, fire
houses, water and waste water treatment facilities and other public facilities.
As a federal match program, FEMA pays for 90% of a project cost with the
applicant paying 10% of the cost, leaving the municipalities to cover the
balance. Through the Governor's action, this allocation of CDBG-DR funds will
make up the difference and make public entities whole.

"Superstorm Sandy had a devastating impact to communities across New York," said
Storm Recovery Director Jamie Rubin. "In addition to impacting housing stock,
Sandy ravaged public infrastructure and government buildings, and many of these
facilities are the backbone of communities. Restoring these without increasing
the financial burden on a community in recovery is the right thing to do."

The current allocation provides the local match for eligible entities in the
following counties: Nassau, Suffolk, Westchester, Rockland, Greene, Orange,
Putnam, Sullivan and Ulster. This program does not provide the match to repair
and rebuild structures in New York City. Similar to NY State through the
Governor's Office of Storm Recovery, New York City has its own allocation of
CDBG-DR funds, which can be used to address the FEMA PA local match for
applications within the five boroughs.

Congressman Eliot Engel said, "Superstorm Sandy paralyzed parts of my
Congressional district, and the cost of rebuilding has been a huge financial
strain for these municipalities. I applaud Governor Cuomo for providing state
funding to help local governments rebuild public facilities and continue the
clean-up process. This funding will mitigate the financial impact these
communities suffered in the wake of an extreme act of nature."

Congresswoman Nita Lowey said, "The Hudson River Valley has made significant
progress recovering from Superstorm Sandy, but with widespread damage across our
region, the cost of recovery has been very expensive for our communities. As the
top Democrat on the House Appropriations Committee, I worked hard to ensure that
FEMA provided 90% reimbursement, as opposed to the normal 75%, in the Sandy
supplemental. I am very pleased that Governor Cuomo is now using the flexibility
granted to him under the law to use $175 million in CDBG-DR funds to close the
remaining funding gap. These additional dollars will allow infrastructure
projects to be quickly rebuilt at full federal expense and ensures that costs
aren't passed along to local taxpayers."

Congressman Pete King said, "Superstorm Sandy was devastating to Long Island.
This funding is another important step on Long Island's road to recovery."

Congresswoman Carolyn McCarthy said, "Superstorm Sandy destroyed many of our
homes and communities. Immediately following, neighbors joined together for
support and we have come a long way in helping families and businesses to
recover and rebuild. While there is still more work to be done, this funding
will continue the work we have been doing in the areas that need it the most.  I
applaud Governor Cuomo for continuing to work to ensure our communities have the
resources they need to come back stronger than ever."

Congressman Gregory Meeks said, "I am pleased by the Governor's announcement for
additional funding to help local government's cover rebuilding efforts
throughout the regions that were devastated by Super Storm Sandy.  Our
communities have emerged stronger and more united since Sandy and this
additional Community Development Block Grant - Disaster Relief funding will go a
long way to ensure that this progress continues on the path to complete
recovery. I thank Governor Cuomo for his strong and sustained leadership on this
front and I will continue to lend my support for these efforts in any way
possible."

Congressman Steve Israel said, "I helped lead the charge in Congress to secure
federal funding to help our communities rebuild after Superstorm Sandy. I'm
pleased Governor Cuomo is directing a portion of those community development
funds to ease the financial burden facing many local governments that could
otherwise be shut out from accessing FEMA's Public Assistance program. I will
continue to do everything possible to help our communities recover and fortify
their infrastructure to prevent future damage."

Congressman Tim Bishop said, "Since the dust settled and the last traces of the
storm left our shores, recovering from Superstorm Sandy has been a long road.
While we have come a long way, there is still much to be done to not only repair
our coastal communities, but also to build them up against future storms. By the
State of New York picking up the tab for the local cost share of recovery
projects, municipalities will be able to free up funding that will allow them to
undertake other initiatives to make their shores more resilient and help their
residents prepare for future storms. I applaud Governor Cuomo for taking this
step."

Congressman Chris Gibson said, "By several metrics, Sandy was among the worst
natural disasters in U.S. history. While most of the damage occurred in New York
City and Long Island, several Upstate counties sustained severe damage. Disaster
response is a core function of government and deserves broad bipartisan support.
I appreciate the state's commitment to helping our communities rebuild."

Congressman Sean Patrick Maloney said, "Superstorm Sandy created a massive
cleanup and rebuilding effort for communities across the Hudson Valley, and this
investment will help many of our local governments continue to recover and build
back stronger."

Nassau County Executive Ed Mangano said, "I commend Governor Cuomo for his
leadership in picking up the difference between FEMA reimbursements and actual
costs of restoring Nassau County's infrastructure."


Suffolk County Executive Steve Bellone said, "Nearly two years later, Suffolk
County residents and our local municipalities continue to feel the physical and
financial impact that Superstorm Sandy left in its wake. I thank Governor Cuomo
for his tireless efforts and intense focus on Sandy Recovery which have resulted
in this critical assistance to local municipalities. This State aid will ease
the burden for Suffolk County taxpayers and further highlights New York State's
commitment to a full and robust recovery.

For further information please visit: http://www.governor.ny.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              983 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 23, 2014 Wednesday

New York: Governor Cuomo Announces $175 Million to Cover Local Governments'
Costs of Rebuilding After Superstorm Sandy

LENGTH: 1345  words

DATELINE: Albany


Office of The Governor, The State of New York has issued the following news
release:

Governor Andrew M. Cuomo today announced funding to cover local governments'
costs to repair and rebuild infrastructure damaged by Superstorm Sandy. As part
of FEMA's Public Assistance (PA) program, local governments and public entities
are required to cover ten percent of the costs incurred as a result of federally
declared disasters. For local governments and public entities eligible to
receive Sandy funds outside of New York City, the total match cost is more than
$175 million, of which $145 million will go to Nassau and Suffolk counties. To
ensure that these communities can continue with their recovery without the need
to borrow funds, dip into emergency reserves, or pass the costs along to local
taxpayers, Governor Cuomo today directed that state-allocated Community
Development Block Grant - Disaster Relief (CDBG-DR) funds be used to cover the
localities' costs.

"After the devastating storms New York has experienced over the past few years,
the State has been partnering with communities to help them recover and build
back better and stronger than before," said Governor Cuomo. "Following Storms
Irene and Lee, the State stepped up to cover the costs facing local governments.
Today we are pleased to announce that once again, we are going to help
municipalities pay to rebuild, bolster critical infrastructure, and work to
revive their local economies in the process."

The FEMA public assistance program covers immediate post-storm response needs
like debris removal and emergency protective measures, and provides funds for
the repair and rebuilding of publically owned infrastructure that was damaged
including roads, schools bridges, parks, hospitals, police stations, fire
houses, water and waste water treatment facilities and other public facilities.
As a federal match program, FEMA pays for 90% of a project cost with the
applicant paying 10% of the cost, leaving the municipalities to cover the
balance. Through the Governor's action, this allocation of CDBG-DR funds will
make up the difference and make public entities whole.

"Superstorm Sandy had a devastating impact to communities across New York," said
Storm Recovery Director Jamie Rubin. "In addition to impacting housing stock,
Sandy ravaged public infrastructure and government buildings, and many of these
facilities are the backbone of communities. Restoring these without increasing
the financial burden on a community in recovery is the right thing to do."

The current allocation provides the local match for eligible entities in the
following counties: Nassau, Suffolk, Westchester, Rockland, Greene, Orange,
Putnam, Sullivan and Ulster. This program does not provide the match to repair
and rebuild structures in New York City. Similar to NY State through the
Governor's Office of Storm Recovery, New York City has its own allocation of
CDBG-DR funds, which can be used to address the FEMA PA local match for
applications within the five boroughs.

Congressman Eliot Engel said, "Superstorm Sandy paralyzed parts of my
Congressional district, and the cost of rebuilding has been a huge financial
strain for these municipalities. I applaud Governor Cuomo for providing state
funding to help local governments rebuild public facilities and continue the
clean-up process. This funding will mitigate the financial impact these
communities suffered in the wake of an extreme act of nature."

Congresswoman Nita Lowey said, "The Hudson River Valley has made significant
progress recovering from Superstorm Sandy, but with widespread damage across our
region, the cost of recovery has been very expensive for our communities. As the
top Democrat on the House Appropriations Committee, I worked hard to ensure that
FEMA provided 90% reimbursement, as opposed to the normal 75%, in the Sandy
supplemental. I am very pleased that Governor Cuomo is now using the flexibility
granted to him under the law to use $175 million in CDBG-DR funds to close the
remaining funding gap. These additional dollars will allow infrastructure
projects to be quickly rebuilt at full federal expense and ensures that costs
aren't passed along to local taxpayers."

Congressman Pete King said, "Superstorm Sandy was devastating to Long Island.
This funding is another important step on Long Island's road to recovery."

Congresswoman Carolyn McCarthy said, "Superstorm Sandy destroyed many of our
homes and communities. Immediately following, neighbors joined together for
support and we have come a long way in helping families and businesses to
recover and rebuild. While there is still more work to be done, this funding
will continue the work we have been doing in the areas that need it the most.  I
applaud Governor Cuomo for continuing to work to ensure our communities have the
resources they need to come back stronger than ever."

Congressman Gregory Meeks said, "I am pleased by the Governor's announcement for
additional funding to help local government's cover rebuilding efforts
throughout the regions that were devastated by Super Storm Sandy.  Our
communities have emerged stronger and more united since Sandy and this
additional Community Development Block Grant - Disaster Relief funding will go a
long way to ensure that this progress continues on the path to complete
recovery. I thank Governor Cuomo for his strong and sustained leadership on this
front and I will continue to lend my support for these efforts in any way
possible."

Congressman Steve Israel said, "I helped lead the charge in Congress to secure
federal funding to help our communities rebuild after Superstorm Sandy. I'm
pleased Governor Cuomo is directing a portion of those community development
funds to ease the financial burden facing many local governments that could
otherwise be shut out from accessing FEMA's Public Assistance program. I will
continue to do everything possible to help our communities recover and fortify
their infrastructure to prevent future damage."

Congressman Tim Bishop said, "Since the dust settled and the last traces of the
storm left our shores, recovering from Superstorm Sandy has been a long road.
While we have come a long way, there is still much to be done to not only repair
our coastal communities, but also to build them up against future storms. By the
State of New York picking up the tab for the local cost share of recovery
projects, municipalities will be able to free up funding that will allow them to
undertake other initiatives to make their shores more resilient and help their
residents prepare for future storms. I applaud Governor Cuomo for taking this
step."

Congressman Chris Gibson said, "By several metrics, Sandy was among the worst
natural disasters in U.S. history. While most of the damage occurred in New York
City and Long Island, several Upstate counties sustained severe damage. Disaster
response is a core function of government and deserves broad bipartisan support.
I appreciate the state's commitment to helping our communities rebuild."

Congressman Sean Patrick Maloney said, "Superstorm Sandy created a massive
cleanup and rebuilding effort for communities across the Hudson Valley, and this
investment will help many of our local governments continue to recover and build
back stronger."

Nassau County Executive Ed Mangano said, "I commend Governor Cuomo for his
leadership in picking up the difference between FEMA reimbursements and actual
costs of restoring Nassau County's infrastructure."


Suffolk County Executive Steve Bellone said, "Nearly two years later, Suffolk
County residents and our local municipalities continue to feel the physical and
financial impact that Superstorm Sandy left in its wake. I thank Governor Cuomo
for his tireless efforts and intense focus on Sandy Recovery which have resulted
in this critical assistance to local municipalities. This State aid will ease
the burden for Suffolk County taxpayers and further highlights New York State's
commitment to a full and robust recovery.

For further information please visit: http://www.governor.ny.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              984 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                          September 12, 2015 Saturday

Jane S. Brautigam: After the flood: Rebuilding for resilience

BYLINE: Jane S. Brautigam

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 567 words


We knew we were in for a long recovery.


Two years after the September floods, much progress has been made, but a drive
through any of the canyons or downstream plains shows there is significant
infrastructure work to be done. A  recent Daily Camera article emphasized the
stress on our social fabric, as many members of more vulnerable communities
struggle to return home. These include some residents and renters here in the
city of Boulder. Even for those who have a roof over their heads or a business
that is back up and running, anxiety over how to pay for unanticipated repairs
lingers.



 On this anniversary, we'd like to once again thank our community and the
tireless volunteers who continue to make a difference in this challenging time.
To this day, volunteers are working within organizations offering individual
assistance, and many are participating in organized events involving our Open
Space and Mountain Parks, as well as parks throughout the city. This dedication
epitomizes the spirit of Boulder.

 The city organization continues to work hard, too. We are partnering closely
with the county to provide temporary housing and rental assistance to displaced
households. We have spent approximately $20 million on infrastructure efforts,
with 70 percent of identified work completed. We are facilitating after-action
and pre-disaster planning processes with our countywide partners and the
business community. To support this work, and more, we continue to pursue
outside resources, with an expected $18.9 million in total FEMA and insurance
reimbursements, and over $4 million in grants to support recovery and resiliency
efforts.

 Two large areas of focus for Boulder have been restoring open space trails and
bridges and making critical improvements to our water utility system. Current
OSMP projects include the repair of Chapman Drive, work on the Bear Canyon
roadway and trail, and the replacement of the trail bridge over South Boulder
Creek at South Boulder Road. Utilities is moving ahead with an expedited plan to
replace aging pipes. Crews also stabilized a damaged wastewater interceptor
pipe, removed more than 35,000 cubic yards of sediment and more than 550 tons of
debris from the city's 15 drainage ways; and completed reconstruction of
improved features in many of these same locations.

 This work is not only about rebuilding to regain what was lost. It is also very
much about learning from the lessons Mother Nature taught us and fostering a new
resilience.

 Resilience can take many forms. It means building smarter and better to protect
critical facilities, homes, businesses and the parts of our community we all
love. It means examining the pathways that floodwaters cut in our most beloved
recreational and conservation areas --  and making adjustments accordingly. It
means saving and spending wisely so that we have the resources when we are
challenged again in the future. It means building a sense of community, drawing
on the countless examples of neighbors helping neighbors.

 There's little doubt that this time next year, we'll still have items on our
collective to-do list, but getting through this together has meant getting
stronger together. And that is worth celebrating. Thank you, Boulder!

 Jane S. Brautigam is Boulder's city manager.

University of Colorado military veterans help Habitat for Humanity rebuild a
Jamestown home damaged in the 2013 flood.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: University of Colorado military veterans help Habitat for Humanity
rebuild a Jamestown home damaged in the 2013 flood.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                              985 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Guelph Tribune

                              May 5, 2015 Tuesday
                                  ONT Edition

Frozen pipes put budget on thin ice

SECTION: Pg. 0

LENGTH: 749  words


By Samantha Beattie

After hundreds of homes suffered from frozen pipes this winter, city staff are
asking council to seek to have Guelph declared a "disaster area" by the province
so it's eligible for financial assistance.

The city's water services department has spent almost all of its $300,000 winter
budget to respond to the emergency. That's less than half of what's needed for
the city to make a full recovery.

In February and March, water services spent about $275,000 making critical
repairs and assisting 376 business and homes that suffered from frozen pipes,
says a report to be presented to council May 11. Once the city factors in other
repairs and infrastructure replacement, it's estimated it will spend more than
$640,000 in total.

Water services will also have to cover water bills for hundreds of residents.
These residents were told to keep taps running throughout the cold weather to
prevent susceptible pipes and temporary waterlines from freezing. Water services
won't know exactly how much those bills will be until the end of May.

The last time a frozen pipe emergency of this scale happened was back in 1993,
when almost 400 customers were affected. In 2014, 85 customers suffered from
frozen pipes.

The the expenses expected in a typical bad winter," said water services plant
manager Peter Busatto. "To offset these costs we're going to rearrange our work
plan and use operational contingency and reserve funds."

By asking city council to declare Guelph a disaster area, water services says it
could be eligible for a grant under the Ontario Disaster Relief Assistance
Program.

"I know talking to some of our neighbouring municipalities it has been a unusual
winter for them, too. Some of their response costs are, like Guelph's,
exceptional," said Busatto. These municipalities include Sudbury, Barrie,
Collingwood and Owen Sound, many of which incurred more than a million dollars
in frozen pipe-related costs. Owen Sound applied for relief assistance, but was
turned down by the province last week.

The extreme cold temperatures in February and March caused the ground to freeze
deeper than usual, impacting pipes that normally stay thawed throughout the
winter. In early February, the city began receiving reports of frozen pipes and
the situation "quickly escalated," said the report.

Water services launched the Frozen Water Assistance Program, which provided
residents with gift cards to buy water from grocery stores. Residents were also
given access to community centres' showers and local laundromats.

As of last week, 100 residents were still enrolled in the program. However,
everyone's water was restored over the weekend, said Busatto.

The $640,000 estimate includes about $208,000 in labour and overtime
costsâ\x80\x88and $14,000 for equipment, including hoses and temporary lines,
said a news release. Goods and services, including the assistance program,
contractors, and digging and thawing equipment, will cost about $419,000.

Now water services will focus on watermain breaks.

"To date, staff have repaired and/or replaced more than one hundred metres of
watermain due to cold weather impacts," said the report. "City staff â\x80¦
expect to find more damaged watermains as thawing continues."

To try to prevent widespread frozen pipes in the future, water services is
planning on improving city infrastructure and possibly expanding the Freeze
Prevention Program. The program was rolled out this fall and notified more than
140 residents, who had a history of troublesome pipes, to start running taps
when temperatures became frigid. Almost all the susceptible homes managed to
keep their water services running.

"Now we have a larger group (of homes vulnerable to frozen water pipes) we don't
want to tell people to run their water a lot if they don't have to," said
Busatto. "We're looking at developing a temperature trigger, so as soon as it
drops below a certain degree for an extended amount of time, people start
running taps. Once it gets warmer, they stop."

The Ontario Disaster Relief Assistance Program covers "incremental,
extraordinary municipal costs, over and above normal municipal expenditures,
which are related to response and recovery," said the report.

Some of these expenditures could include food and water for volunteers and
disaster relief workers, emergency response supplies, municipal owned equipment
costs, overtime for employees hired for disaster relief and repair, and
restoration to pre-disaster condition of uninsured public facilities.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              986 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Post-Bulletin (Rochester, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            September 7, 2007 Friday

Federal aid for flood victims tops $10 million

BYLINE: Dawn Schuett, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 661 words


Sep. 7--Federal aid for residents of southeastern Minnesota affected by
devastating flooding nearly three weeks ago has now topped $10 million.

More than $7.7 million in federal recovery funds have been approved so far. That
amount includes almost $6.9 million for Housing Assistance, $533,545 for "other
needs" assistance and $317,000 in home loans, according to state and federal
officials.

Also, the federal government has authorized a $3 million emergency grant for a
displaced worker program in parts of southeastern Minnesota affected by flooding
last month, Sen. Norm Coleman announced Thursday.

Through Wednesday, 3,064 people had registered for Individual Assistance from
the Federal Emergency Management Agency, and 2,304 applications for home loans
and 484 applications for business loans had been issued for assistance from the
U.S. Small Business Administration.

"Recovery operations are running swiftly and smoothly," Federal Coordinating
Officer Carlos Mitchell stated in a news release Thursday afternoon. "FEMA
specialists and our state partners have done a great job informing people of
available aid and how to apply for it. We'll continue our efforts until
assistance has reached every eligible Minnesota resident and community."

Nick Meyers of Stockton said he received a check Wednesday from FEMA that covers
a "small amount" of the repairs needed for his home.

He had to tear out the floors and walls after the flooding Aug. 18-19. Now that
he has the FEMA funds, Meyers is already rebuilding.

"We just got the check from FEMA so we started," Meyers said.

He considered the response from FEMA to be slow because people began the cleanup
immediately after the disaster.

"We had to start doing work right away, and we could have used the money right
away," he said.

Meyers is also the manager at Tiger Lily Tattoo & Piercing, a Stockton business
owned by his mother, Joyce Meyers. The basement of the business flooded with 4
feet of water and 3 inches of mud.

"We got a lot of calls asking us if we floated away or not," Nick Meyers said.

The furnace and the sump pump had to be replaced, but the business re-opened a
week and a half ago.

Six Disaster Recovery Centers remain open in southeastern Minnesota to provide
residents and business owners with information about disaster assistance
programs. The centers are in Fillmore, Houston, Winona, Olmsted, Steele and
Wabasha counties.

The $3 million Department of Labor grant will fund about 300 temporary jobs for
eligible dislocated workers to help in cleanup and recovery. The first $1
million will be awarded in the next few days to the state Department of
Employment and Economic Development, which will run the program.

"This grant from the Department of Labor will not only provide a major boost to
ongoing recovery and cleanup efforts, it will also provide much-needed
employment opportunities for affected workers -- a true win-win for the region,"
Coleman said in a statement.

Eligible counties include Fillmore, Houston, Olmsted, Steele, Wabasha and
Winona. Severe storms brought flash floods that swept through the area beginning
Aug. 18.

The grant funds can also be used for retraining services after the temporary
jobs are over for participants who can't return to work.

Call for help

People affected by August storms and flooding may apply for assistance by
calling 1-800-621-FEMA (3362), or TTY 1-800-462-7585 for the speech- or
hearing-impaired. The toll-free telephone numbers operate from 7 a.m. to 8 p.m.
seven days a week. People also may register online at www.fema.gov.

To see more of the Post-Bulletin, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.postbulletin.com. Copyright (c) 2007, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070907-RC-Federal-aid-for-flood-victims-tops-10-million-0907

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RC


                          Copyright 2007 Post-Bulletin


                              987 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 24, 2017 Friday

San Jos\xE9 Coyote Creek Flood Recovery Update - March 21, 2017 6:00 p.m.

LENGTH: 1818  words

DATELINE: New York



 San Jose: City of San Jose, The State of California has issued the following
news release:



       To subscribe to the bulletin: Go to www.sanjoseca.gov/NotifyMe and select
"2017 Coyote Creek Flood Recovery" bulletin under News Flash.



 The most important news today is that greater financial help is now available
to help flood victims rebuild their lives and repair their properties and
businesses. The Small Business Administration (SBA) announced today that with
the recent federal disaster declaration for several California counties, they
can now make very low-cost loans with favorable terms available to renters,
property owners, and business owners alike. Renters can obtain up to $40,000 to
replace cars and personal items. Homeowners can obtain up to $200,000 to repair
homes. And business owners of all sizes -- including those in the rental
property business -- can obtain up to $2 million for repairs and economic injury
relating to the flood. Similarly, the City Housing Department is making
available to income-restricted single-family homeowners the opportunity to tap
no-cost 0% interest loans from state programs. Details can be found in Mayor Sam
Liccardo's news release.





 In addition, Governor Edmund G. Brown Jr. this week requested a Presidential
Major Disaster Declaration to bolster state and local recovery efforts following
February storms that caused major flooding, levee breeches, the evacuation of
residents, power outages and extensive damage to roads and bridges across
California, including the flood in San José. The Governor's request can be found
here and the full text of the emergency proclamation issued today can be found
here.



 The San Jose Water Company also offered the good news this week that in
addition to deferred bill payments, they will extend a one-time courtesy
adjustment of two units of water (roughly 1,500 gallons) for flood-impacted
customers. To obtain the discount, customers must call San Jose Water Company at
408-279-7900.



 Weather Update



 The National Weather Service is predicting rain on Wednesday, March 22, that
will deliver 0.25 to 0.75 inches of rain in the valley and up to 3 inches in
higher elevations. Another storm with periods of heavy rain are predicted to
follow on Friday. No watches or warnings are in effect at this time, but due to
winds that may gust at 35 miles per hour or more and that could take down
weakened trees, the Weather Service issued a Hazardous Weather Outlook. For
weather information, go to http://www.wrh.noaa.gov/mtr/.



 The Santa Clara Valley Water District continues to make releases from Anderson
Reservoir, and as of today, March 21, the reservoir is at an elevation of 614.4
feet, which is more than 10 feet below the spillway elevation. The reservoir is
at 86 percent of capacity, which provides space to absorb storm runoff predicted
from this weekend's storm. For detailed and current information about Santa
Clara Valley Water District reservoir levels and stream flows, go to
http://alert.valleywater.org/.



 Volunteer Efforts



 The Saturday, March 18, cleanup at Kelley Park attracted more than 100
volunteers, and volunteers who turned out to help with meal service at the Seven
Trees Community Center remain instrumental in that program. The City anticipates
at least two more weekends of cleanups in the field, and meal service at the
shelter remains an ongoing need. Please see local flood recovery volunteer
opportunities at http://helpindisaster.com /sanjose.



 Shelter at Seven Trees Community Center - Update

 Media is not to film or photograph at the shelter to protect the privacy of
individuals using the shelter.



 Shelter population. As reported last week, the overnight population continues
to hover now around 65-70 persons, as more households opt to stay at hotels,
motels, and other housing alternatives. There are an estimated 38 households at
hotels as of March 20, and these hotel stays are renewable as needed. For
families in the shelter with children who have relied on City staff for
transportation to and from school, the City is working with their schools to
arrange for continued transportation assistance. The shelter at Seven Trees
Community Center is managed by HomeFirst under a contract with the City, and it
currently remains open 24/7.



 Case management through Catholic Charities. Since March 11, case workers from
Catholic Charities have been working to assess shelter residents' long-term
housing needs and other social service needs. As of March 17 and still current,
55 households from the shelter population are under case management. Housing
options are being coordinated with the City's Housing Department.



 Transportation assistance. Shelter residents are provided with transportation
assistance that includes:



     City staff are transporting children (14 children as of March 16) staying
at the shelter to and from school.

     Free VTA bus passes are available to shelter residents.

     Free taxi service is offered between the shelter, Sacred Heart, City Hall,
and flood-affected homes.



 Sacred Heart Distribution of Flood Victims Relief Fund - Update

 1381 S. First Street, San José



 After the closure of the Local Assistance Center (LAC) at Shirakawa Community
Center on March 8, all applications for financial assistance from the San Jose
Flood Victims Relief Fund is through Sacred Heart Community Services at 1381 S.
First Street, San José. Between February 25 and March 8, the multi-agency LAC
served 1,886 households; since then, agencies continue to offer services but
through their home offices.



 An updated trilingual handout, Flood Victims Relief Fund: How to Apply for
Financial Help explains the application steps and hours of service.



 As of March 16, Sacred Heart has issued 502 checks totaling $1.4 million to
those flood victims with the greatest need. Sacred Heart is preparing to work
with nonprofit partners on a new round of funding.



 Housing Assistance, General Inquiries, Expedited Permit Assistance - Update

 City Hall, 200 E. Santa Clara Street, San José

 If driving, park under City Hall Tower on 6th Street. Bring the parking stub to
the first floor for validation.



 People affected by the flood can go to City Hall for housing assistance and
expedited building permits, as well as access to a range of flood assistance
information. Staff report that between 8 and 12 persons have been visiting
Counter #5 daily.



     First Floor Counter #5 - Housing assistance, flood recovery information:
Housing Department staff at Counter #5 are here to help people connect with
resources for food, housing, social services, legal assistance, mold
remediation, and more.

     First Floor Assistance Desk (Tel: 408-535-3555) - Expedited building
permits: A designated line is available for property owners affected by the
flood who need building permits. The City has waived permit fees for
construction work associated with flood recovery.



 Building Inspections and Entry Status of Properties - Update



 Across all three impacted areas, as of today, the large majority of units have
been cleared for entry. The number of units with restricted re-entry (yellow
tags) continues to fluctuate around 140 as building inspectors continue to
identify properties that need to be added to the "restricted entry" category
while also clearing other properties for full entry. By neighborhood, the status
is:



     Near William Street: Naglee Park, Brookwood Terrace, and Olinder
neighborhoods:

     3,157 units with 114 units under restricted entry; one outbuilding was
destroyed and has no-entry (red tag) status.

     Rock Springs neighborhood

     535 units with 26 units under restricted entry

     Old Oakland Road mobile home parks - 557 units, all cleared for entry



 Flood Damage Repair Program for Mobilehomes - New



 The San José Housing Department has created a grant program for mobilehome
owners who experienced flood damage. The repair work will be done by the City's
nonprofit partners: Rebuilding Together will do repairs at Golden Wheel
Mobilehome park and Habitat for Humanity will do repairs at South Bay Mobilehome
park. Both were selected through a competitive process to perform work up to a
value of $5,000, including repairs to mobilehome skirting, stairs, duct work, or
foundations.



 Approximately 100 homeowners have requested assistance to date. The homeowner
needs to complete an application and provide homeownership and income
verification before construction work can commence. For more information, please
contact Eric Calleja, Housing Department Development Officer, at 408-975-2650.



 Damage Assessments by State and Federal Agencies - Update



 Santa Clara County officials hosted a tour with FEMA and the California Office
of Emergency Services of damage to publicly-owned unincorporated property and
city property on March 6. The City of San José hosted tours with the California
Office of Emergency Services and the Small Business Administration (SBA) of
flood-impacted public and private properties on March 7-8. Touring officials
were given a firsthand look at the evacuated sites and were appreciative of the
all-hands effort provided by local officials and the outpouring of support,
volunteerism and philanthropy from residents. Damages to public property in the
City of San José are estimated at $18 million; and damages to private property
in San José are estimated at $50 million. Today's announcement by the SBA of
low-cost loans to help flood victims in several California counties is, partly,
an outcome of these tours.



 Disposal of Flood-Related Debris



 This week City staff reported that they began to see a reduction in the setout
of flood debris. More coordination between debris pickup and street sweeping
services has taken place so as to result in cleaner streets.



 To date, more than 2,100 metric tons of flood damaged debris and material have
been collected by city crews from across all affected areas. This does not
include Household Hazardous Waste (HHW) collection information at this time,
which will expand that number. One metric ton is roughly equivalent to the size
of an average adult elephant and is equal to 2,205 pounds.



 Property Tax Bill Deferral for Qualifying Flood Property Owners



 With Governor Brown's March 7 "Proclamation of a State of Emergency" for
counties impacted by floods, the Santa Clara County Assessor has authority to
postpone the payment of property taxes otherwise due on April 10. Property
owners must submit two one-page forms:



     The "Application for Reassessment of Property Damaged by Misfortune or
Calamity" may enable a temporary reduction in assessed value. The loss must
exceed $10,000 of current market value. This applies to residential, commercial
and industrial buildings, including mobilehomes. It does not apply to vehicles
and the contents of a home.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editori@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              988 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Pocono Record, Stroudsburg, Pa.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 6, 2014 Thursday

Monroe County homeless initiative gets $512K grant

BYLINE: Howard Frank, Pocono Record, Stroudsburg, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 387 words


Feb. 06--Monroe County's initiative to address homelessness just got a major
boost through a large state grant.

An Emergency Solutions Grant of $512,662 will be used for shelters, food,
medical services and other ways to help the homeless transition to permanent
housing.

It's the largest grant the county's homeless effort has ever received.

The Monroe County Homeless Initiative secured the grant. The initiative was
created to pool the resources of all the various organizations that provide
services to the homeless, Faith Waters said.

"A key was having a really open relationship with the homeless community to help
us understand their needs. We went to the homeless community and asked what can
we do, what do you need to help ease the problem of homelessness? Having them at
the table made a big difference."

The money originates with the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development,
which sends it to the Pennsylvania Department of Department of Community &
Economic Development. The DCED awards the grants.

"We are the only county to receive a street outreach grant since it began two
years ago, to help get (the homeless) into housing, supportive housing,
transitional housing and help them in developing an income stream," she said.

The street outreach grant can be used to assist with shelter, rapid rehousing
assistance, homelessness prevention, a Homeless Management Information System
and administration.

Resources for Human Development will administer the grant. RHD is a nonprofit
agency that addresses homeless needs and people with disabilities with case
management and housing services.

Unfortunately, the needs of the homeless haven't abated.

"Business is -- and this is very sad to say -- booming," Waters said.

Money to address the homeless comes mostly through charitable giving.

"I've been stunned by the compassion of the citizens of Monroe County," Waters
said. "They've been generous in supporting our efforts."

The Monroe County Homeless Advisory Board was instrumental in securing this
grant, according to Waters. "The people in Monroe County were just ready to do
this."

HOW THE MONEY WILL BE USED

Some of the ways the grant monies will be used:

___ (c)2014 the Pocono Record, Stroudsburg, Pa. Visit the Pocono Record,
Stroudsburg, Pa. at http://www.poconorecord.com/ Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140206-1PO-Monroe-County-homeless-initiative-gets-512K-grant
-0206-20140206

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1PO


                                 Copyright 2014


                              989 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             July 10, 1994, Sunday

THE FLOODS OF '94: CLEANUP AT A GLANCE

BYLINE: From staff reports

SECTION: STATE NEWS; Section C; Page 7

LENGTH: 1182 words


Hospitals struggling but coping

Despite water outages and intermittent power losses, flood-stricken hospitals
are struggling to provide patient care.

"We're just trying to cope with it," said Jan Beeland, administrative assistant
at Middle Georgia Hospital in Macon. "We're not admitting any but extreme
emergencies."

In flood areas, hospitals have been forced to implement emergency procedures:

Because of a temporary power loss, HCA Palmyra Medical Center in Albany
transferred about 15 patients from its critical care unit to hospitals in
Columbus.

All elective procedures have been delayed. Most hospitals are admitting only
emergency patients.

Hospitals throughout Macon have not had running water since Wednesday morning.
They are importing drinking water and purified water for medical uses and don't
expect to have running water for at least seven days.

Some hospitals are not providing water-intensive treatments, such as kidney
dialysis, until after the emergency.

Charter Northside Hospital in Macon has eliminated air conditioning in office
and administrative space. Non-emergency personnel are working at home to reduce
demand on hospital supplies of food and water.

To conserve water, some hospitals have ordered portable chemical toilets for
employees.

All hospitals without running water are restricting use of water to food and
patient care - no washing of dishes or linens.

Most hospital patients in disaster areas are not suffering from flood-related
injuries. "There has been an extreme reduction of people going outside, so the
element of risk for injury has dropped dramatically," said Sandy Kadle, an
official at Charter Northside in Macon.

DISPLACED

Residents of Newton evacuated. In Newton, a town 23 miles southwest of Albany,
about 250 of 900 residents have been evacuated, emergency workers said Saturday
night. The downtown area is 80 percent underwater. Electrical power was shut off
shortly after midnight Friday. Before the river crests, all of Baker County is
expected to lose its phones, said Jack Mullford, deputy director of the county
Emergency Management Agency. The base of the local telephone switching operation
is at 40 feet, and the Flint River, which was at 38 feet Saturday night, is
expected to crest at 45 feet Monday.

WILDLIFE

Snakes, other wildlife on the move. Booker T. Jones was cutting watermelons in
south Pulaski County on Friday when he was struck by a vicious side effect of
nearby flooding - the fangs of a rattlesnake. "He hollered and I asked him,
'What's the matter?' He said, 'A rattlesnake done bit me,' " said friend Marvin
Lee Dix. Jones, a 58-year-old migrant worker, was bitten in the back of his left
knee, Dix said. Around Hawkinsville and other riverfront communities south of
Macon, the flooded Ocmulgee River is being blamed for driving snakes and other
wildlife from their hiding places in woods and swamps. Flood victims are advised
to use rakes and other long-handled tools when clearing debris and to search for
snakes before beginning, said the Georgia Cooperative Extension Service. State
Trooper A.D. Mathis said he saw "what appeared to be a water moccasin" on Upper
River Road east of town during the evacuation of several riverfront homes. "Some
other deputies saw alligators," he said. "We've also seen feral hogs on Limerock
Road. They're being forced out of the swamps." Jones was listed in critical
condition at Taylor Regional Hospital in Hawkinsville.

FOOD

Americus deserves a break today. Americus residents hankering for hamburgers are
finally getting some relief. The McDonald's restaurant opened for business early
Saturday afternoon because its distributor brought in water from Atlanta.
Manager Dennis Willingham said the restaurant would be open only until 8 p.m.
Saturday and today because of the 9 p.m. curfew. Willingham said customers had
shown up daily, asking when the restaurant would serve food. On Saturday,
however, they could buy a burger only if they went through the drive-thru. Lack
of water was keeping the Dairy Queen closed, said an employee who was at work
doing inventory.

HOW YOU CAN HELP

To volunteer to help, call the Georgia Emergency Management Agency (GEMA) at
1-800-879-4362.

The Salvation Army is providing assistance in Sumter, Bibb and Butts counties.
Donations of sealed bottled water and cleaning supplies are being accepted at
several metro Atlanta Salvation Army locations. Call 873-3101. Financial
contributions can be mailed to The Salvation Army, Georgia Flood Relief, P.O.
Box 5378, Atlanta, Ga. 30307.

Habitat for Humanity International, based in hard-hit Americus in Sumter County,
has created the Habitat Emergency Fund to help cover costs of assistance in
Georgia, Florida and Alabama. Volunteers also are helping authorities in Sumter
County. Checks may be sent to HFHI Emergency Fund, 121 Habitat St., Americus,
Ga. 31709.

Don't call affected counties if you don't have to, GEMA officials said. The high
volume of calls has overloaded some circuits and has made it difficult for some
requests for assistance to get through. The American Red Cross is urging victims
to contact their relatives. "They should let their families know they are safe
and where they are," said Don Stephens, director of relief operations. He said
the Red Cross began processing disaster welfare inquiries Saturday. Concerned
relatives can call their local Red Cross chapter to start an inquiry.

The March of Dimes needs donations of jars of baby food, rice cereal,
ready-mixed can formula, disposable diapers, wet wipes and Avon Skin-so-Soft to
aid mothers and babies. Drop items off at the March of Dimes office at 2
Northside 75 N.W., Suite 100, Monday-Friday, 8:30 a.m.- 7 p.m. 350-9800.

IF YOU NEED HELP

To ask for federal assistance because of storm damage, call FEMA at
1-800-462-9029. A joint federal/state disaster field office will be open in East
Point by Monday to administer assistance programs. The office will be in the
former Federal Aviation Administration office at 3400 Norman Berry Drive.

The American Red Cross toll-free number is - 800-81-RELIEF. It will be open from
8 a.m. to midnight.

You also can contact the GEMA office in your county.

OTHER ONGOING RELIEF EFFORTS

The Adventist Community Services Disaster Response hot line - 1-800- 253-3000.

The McCormick Tribune Foundation will match money it raises up to $ 250,000
through on-air public service announcements and distribute the money to flood
victims through grants via disaster relief organizations such as the Red Cross.

First Union National Bank of Georgia is allowing customers who have been
affected by the flood to skip one or more mortgage payments. For information,
call 1-800-654-9322.

Ford Motor Co. is offering personal loan payment deferrals for customers
affected by the flood. Call 1-800-727-7000.

Kroger customers can round off their grocery bill - $ 22.35 to $ 23, for example
- and the amount exceeding the total will go toward a relief fund. The fund is
sponsored by The Atlanta Journal-Constitution, Coca- Cola, WAGA-TV and Bank
South.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH941940188

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              990 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Land

                           February 5, 2015 Thursday

Drought pledge topped up

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 528 words


THE State government says it will deliver more drought assistance for farmers,
with $300 million in funding focused on preparedness measures, including $250m
for low interest loans.

Premier Mike Baird, Deputy Premier Troy Grant, Minister for Primary Industries
Katrina Hodg-kinson and Member for Tamworth Kevin Anderson announced the NSW
Drought Package in Tam-worth on Tuesday.

The measures will include extension of the Farm Innovation Fund and short-term
emergency support for primary producers in the midst of drought.

Mr Grant said the package would include $250 million in low interest loans
across five years, and further funding for water infrastructure investment.

"We have been listening to our regional communities and are delivering the vital
support they need to survive drought, including a further $366 million under our
Water Security for Regions program," Mr Grant said.

Mr Grant said the new package would bolster farmers' resilience.

"We are conscious of the present challenges, but determined to protect our
farmers for the future."

Mr Grant said previous rounds of concessional drought loans had been
"extraordinarily popular".

Ms Hodgkinson said the initiative would provide key assistance for primary
producers and delivered on several goals of the NSW Agriculture Industry Action
Plan launched last year.

"It will include $45 million over five years in scholarships for farmers to
undertake vocational training and farm business planning to prepare for
droughts," she said.

"That can be used for the consultancy to develop business plans, it can be used
for professional farm training courses.

"It's going to be very flexible."

Ms Hodgkinson said $2.5m would go to the Bureau of Meteorology "to enhance
meteorological input into our seasonal conditions reports".

"There's no radar west of Nyngan, so we want to make sure we've got great
facilities on the ground to truly measure seasonal conditions in NSW," she said.

Mr Baird said he had seen the devastating impact drought could have on primary
producers.

"This builds on more than $60 million in direct financial assistance to farmers
provided by the NSW government in the past 18 months," he said.

Mr Baird said he also wanted the government to consider how it could work with
industry to improve access to multi-peril insurance.

Opposition primary industries spokes man Steve Whan said the package "fails
miserably to make up for four years of cruel cuts to farm and drought support
schemes".

"More than 70 per cent or $250 million of Mike Baird's $300 million five-year
drought package is actually just short-term loans for farmers," he said.

"Plunging farmers into more debt is hardly a helpful solution to surviving
drought conditions."

Mr Whan said $5 million for transport assistance for animal welfare and donated
fodder did not go far enough.

"The Liberals and Nationals abolished drought support measures which have
traditionally assisted farmers to survive in rural NSW and they have made
massive cuts to the Department of Primary Industries and to the very programs
which helped develop our State's strong agricultural sector.

"They arrogantly expect they will receive the support of farmers by default."

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              991 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Telegraph (Alton, Illinios)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 24, 2017 Tuesday

Illinois American Water helping residents through financial assistance program

BYLINE: The Telegraph, Alton, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 306 words


Jan. 24--ALTON -- In an ongoing partnership between the state's Salvation Army
agencies and Illinois American Water, more than 925 Illinois American Water
residential customers received financial assistance in 2016 to help with payment
of their water bills.

The support came through the company's customer assistance program, H2O Help to
Others, an emergency assistance program to help provide supplemental funding to
Illinois American Water residential customers who met the Salvation Army's
criteria. The program, which originated in 1996, is supported by contributions
from Illinois American Water and voluntary contributions from customers and
administered by Salvation Army.

"Through this program, we work with Salvation Army to provide much-needed water
assistance to our customers who rely on us every day," said Bruce Hauk,
president of Illinois American Water, the state's largest investor-owned water
utility. "Over the past five years, we have provided about $434,000 in
assistance grants to 3,986 households. We thank our customers for their
voluntarily contributions to this program every month through their water bill
payments."

Information regarding the program and how to donate to it is included in
Illinois American Water customers' bills.

In addition to the message in customers' bills, the company's customer
assistance program is being seen in multiple venues, social media channels and
community events throughout the state. The company also launched a digital
customer education program to raise awareness about the customer program, wise
water use tips, and more.

To learn more about this customer assistance program or about payment plan
options, visit www.illinoisamwater.com.

___ (c)2017 The Telegraph (Alton, Ill.) Visit The Telegraph (Alton, Ill.) at
www.thetelegraph.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170124-AI-Illinois-American-Water-helping-residents-through-financial-
assistance-program-0124-20170124

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AI


                          Copyright 2017 The Telegraph


                              992 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Advocate (Perth, Australia)

                            March 30, 2011 Wednesday
                                   1 Edition

Grant will fund two new water tanks

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 112  words


THE Shire of Chittering will install two water tanks in Wannamal after securing
a dry season grant from the Department of Agriculture and Food.

The grant of up to $17,000 will allow the Shire to purchase one tank to be
installed at the Wannamal Community Centre and one at the new fire station being
constructed in Wannamal.

The tanks will be between 45,000 and 64,000 litres.

Under the assistance scheme for water tanks, the equipment must be used for
water storage for emergency firefighting and supplement water for residents not
connected to scheme water.

The Shire is responsible for installation costs, including connection to storm
water fittings and fitting of camlocks.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CAD


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              993 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                             Florida Keys Keynoter

                            August 6, 2005, Saturday

City staff gets reviewed

BYLINE: By David Ball

LENGTH: 489 words



It's report card time for the City of Marathon building, as well as the Planning
and Code departments, which were set to be the first city offices surveyed in an
efficiency analysis.

According to the agenda for Tuesday's City Council meeting, set for 6:30 p.m. at
the Marathon Government Center, Larue Planning and Management Services is slated
to present the survey to the council.

In March, the council approved a $ 43,000 contract with Larue to perform an
efficiency analysis of the three departments and possibly the City Marina,
Public Works and Parks and Recreation departments sometime in the future.

The council also plans to discuss the approval of another study, this one by
Clarion Associates, for an affordable housing mitigations program. The study is
not to exceed $ 64,170.

The agreement will precede another resolution that would adopt the
multi-jurisdictional local mitigations strategy plan, which is required by the
Florida Department of Community Affairs and the Federal Emergency Management
Agency.

The agreement will reportedly make the city eligible for certain state and
federal grants.

Also at Tuesday's meeting, the council plans to:

--Be given a "final comprehensive plan update" by city staff and an update on
the sand washed away by Hurricane Dennis at Sombrero Beach.

--Discuss changing the city's current policy and allow anonymous code compliance
complaints. At the last regular meeting, Vice Mayor Chris Bull and Councilman
Bob Miller wanted to allow anonymous complaints, while Mayor John Bartus and
Councilman Jeff Pinkus did not want to change the policy. Councilwoman Marjie
Mearns was on the fence.

--Discuss a resolution that would describe the method of assessing storm-water
utility costs against assessable property and determining the total utility cost
and initial utility assessments.

--Discuss a resolution establishing a land acquisition committee that would
advise the council on the identification and prioritization of proposed land-use
purchases for affordable housing and conservation.

--Vote to approve the redevelopment of the 30-unit Crystal Bay Resort. In
January, the council approved plans to redevelop 30 one-bedroom units, but the
applicants sought to change the plan based on the recently adopted hotel/motel
ordinance, which allows two- and three-bedroom suites.

The new plans would be for 27 two-bedroom suites, and also one
affordable/workforce housing unit and a $ 200,000 donation to the city to be
used for affordable housing land and construction.


-----

To see more of the Keynoter, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.keynoter.com.

Copyright (c) 2005, Florida Keys Keynoter, Marathon

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: FK-CITY-STAFF-20050806

JOURNAL-CODE: FK

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                      Copyright 2005 Florida Keys Keynoter


                              994 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            September 2, 2016 Friday

Emergency response to humanitarian needs in conflict-affected areas of Ukraine

LENGTH: 246  words


Status - Implementation
Budget spend to date: 8,975 (.13)%
Project budget: 6,800,000
Sector groups as a percentage of project budget
Material relief assistance and services: 59.61%
Emergency food aid: 30.05%
Relief co-ordination; protection and support services: 10.34%
Description : To provide assistance to vulnerable conflict-affected communities
in eastern Ukraine. The project will provide life-saving assistance to the 3.1
million persons in living in areas directly affected by the ongoing conflict.
This will be provided through multi-purpose cash grants where possible or
through delivery of food, shelter, basic household items and repair to critical
infrastructure to provide water and electricity. The project will also provide
support to those affected by sexual and gender-based violence and help
vulnerable people displaced by the conflict to access basic services, including
mental health services.


Implementing Organisation(s):  Donor country-based NGO, Other.
Project completion date : 2017-03-31 12:00:00
Major organization : UK DEPARTMENT FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT (DFID)

Address : 22 Whitehall
London
SW1A 2EG

Country :United Kingdom
Email : enquiry@dfid.gov.uk

Url : http://www.dfid.gov.uk

Financier : UK DEPARTMENT FOR INTERNATIONAL DEVELOPMENT (DFID),

Financier address : Department for International Development
22 Whitehall
London
SW1A 2EG
Email: enquiry@dfid.gov.uk
Telephone (UK only): 0300 200 3343
Telephone (from outside UK): +44 (0) 1355 84 3132

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2016 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              995 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Evening Sun (Hanover, Pennsylvania)

                            January 4, 2007 Thursday

Kingsdale pays off loan from Germany Twp.

BYLINE: By SEAN HILLIARD Evening Sun Reporter

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 385 words


The first of three payments on a $25,000 loan Kingsdale Fire Co. has received
from Germany Township was due Tuesday night, but the fire company took decisive
action to clean its slate with the township instead.

"We decided to pay it all off in one shot," said Kingsdale Fire Co. President
Mike Reindollar.

The loan was 10 percent of the cost for the tanker truck, which can hold 3,500
gallons of water - the largest amount of any tanker in Adams County, fire
company officials said. The remainder was covered by the Federal Emergency
Management Agency's Assistance to Firefighters Grant Program, said Kingsdale
Fire Co. Chief Chris Topper. As part of the grant, the government required the
fire company to get 10 percent of the truck's cost from the township they serve.

Kingsdale's repayment follows complaints from township residents about the fire
company, including the township's funding of the fire department, Reindollar
said. Kingsdale had received 70 percent of the township's allocation for fire
protection, but some residents complained that was too much because Kingsdale
serviced a smaller area of the township than Alpha Fire Co. of Littlestown. The
Board of Supervisors recently changed the funding so both companies receive an
equal amount.

Reindollar said Kingsdale officials wanted to start out fresh by getting rid of
the debt to the township.

And the community needs the new piece of equipment, he said.

"Germany Township is a rural area, and there are no fire hydrants," he said.
"There's a need for large amounts of water to protect the residents."

The $250,000 tanker is a 2006 Freightliner chassis on a Darley body, Topper
said.

Kingsdale picked up the truck in March 2006 and put it into service in April,
but it was quickly taken out of service when numerous problems with the vehicle
came up, Topper said.

First, the electrical system broke due to bad wiring, which led to steering
problems. And then the pump started having problems. Kingsdale fire officials
sent the truck back to Darley under the warranty.

The tanker truck went back into service in early November following the repairs.

Kingsdale Assistant Chief John Weiser said he was happy the loan was paid off.

"We thank the community and hope to have their continued support," he said.

Contact Sean Hilliard at  shilliard@eveningsun.com .

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              996 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Niagara Gazette (Niagara Falls, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            July 17, 2013 Wednesday

Program provides $2M to Niagara County residents impacted by flood

BYLINE: Niagara Gazette, Niagara Falls, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 390 words


July 17--Under a program announced by Gov. Andrew Cuomo Wednesday, Niagara
County residents impacted by June 28's flooding are eligible for up to $31,900
in assistance from a pot of $2 million, set aside for the region.

The 2013 Upstate Flood Recovery Program will assist homeowners, small businesses
and farms hardest hit by recent flooding.

While the damage from the recent floods was severe in many communities, the
financial and property loss from the floods was below the amount that triggers
federal FEMA and other federal assistance. To meet the local needs, the funds
for this program are being made available through an appropriation of state
funds for emergency purposes made by the legislature this year.

Under the program, homeowners, small business owners and farmers or farm
operations located in the designated counties may be eligible to receive grants,
subject to the documentation of flood-related damage and uninsured losses.
Homeowners may be eligible for up to $31,900 in assistance. Small business
owners and farmers or farm operations may be eligible for up to $50,000 in
assistance.

For homeowners, eligible costs include the repair and/or replacement of damage
to roofs, windows, doors, siding, flooring, drywall, insulation, foundations,
well and septic systems, electric systems, fuel tanks, heating and water
systems, and appliances, as well as remediation of environmental hazards.
Homeowners whose properties were destroyed by these floods may also be eligible
for a buyout of their damaged property.

For businesses, eligible costs include reimbursement for losses to inventory,
equipment, materials, fixtures and furniture; as well as design, construction,
rehabilitation or reconstruction of flood damaged structures.

For farms, funding is available for emergency funding to help with farm capital
repair and replacement needs.

For additional information on the NYS Flood Recovery Program, and application
materials, please visit:http://www.nyshcr.org/Programs/NYS-Flood. Affected
homeowners, businesses, and farms can also call the NYS Flood Helpline at
1-888-769-7243 for information on how to receive assistance under the NYS Flood
recovery program.

___ (c)2013 the Niagara Gazette (Niagara Falls, N.Y.) Visit the Niagara Gazette
(Niagara Falls, N.Y.) at www.niagara-gazette.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130717-NF-Program-provides-2M-to-Niagara-County-residents-impacted-by-flood-07
17-20130717

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NF


                         Copyright 2013 Niagara Gazette


                              997 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 4, 2014 Monday

GOVERNOR CUOMO ANNOUNCES $175 MILLION TO COVER LOCAL GOVERNMENTS' COSTS OF
REBUILDING AFTER SUPERSTORM SANDY

LENGTH: 1350  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Carolyn McCarthy, U.S Government has
issued the following news release:

Governor Andrew M. Cuomo today announced funding to cover local governments'
costs to repair and rebuild infrastructure damaged by Superstorm Sandy. As part
of FEMA's Public Assistance (PA) program, local governments and public entities
are required to cover ten percent of the costs incurred as a result of federally
declared disasters. For local governments and public entities eligible to
receive Sandy funds outside of New York City, the total match cost is more than
$175 million, of which $145 million will go to Nassau and Suffolk counties.To
ensure that these communities can continue with their recovery without the need
to borrow funds, dip into emergency reserves, or pass the costs along to local
taxpayers, Governor Cuomo today directed that state-allocated Community
Development Block Grant - Disaster Relief (CDBG-DR) funds be used to cover the
localities' costs.

"After the devastating storms New York has experienced over the past few years,
the State has been partnering with communities to help them recover and build
back better and stronger than before," said Governor Cuomo. "Following Storms
Irene and Lee, the State stepped up to cover the costs facing local governments.
Today we are pleased to announce that once again, we are going to help
municipalities pay to rebuild, bolster critical infrastructure, and work to
revive their local economies in the process."

The FEMA public assistance program covers immediate post-storm response needs
like debris removal and emergency protective measures, and provides funds for
the repair and rebuilding of publically owned infrastructure that was damaged
including roads, schools bridges, parks, hospitals, police stations, fire
houses, water and waste water treatment facilities and other public facilities.
As a federal match program, FEMA pays for 90% of a project cost with the
applicant paying 10% of the cost, leaving the municipalities to cover the
balance. Through the Governor's action, this allocation of CDBG-DR funds will
make up the difference and make public entities whole.

"Superstorm Sandy had a devastating impact to communities across New York," said
Storm Recovery Director Jamie Rubin. "In addition to impacting housing stock,
Sandy ravaged public infrastructure and government buildings, and many of these
facilities are the backbone of communities. Restoring these without increasing
the financial burden on a community in recovery is the right thing to do."

The current allocation provides the local match for eligible entities in the
following counties: Nassau, Suffolk, Westchester, Rockland, Greene, Orange,
Putnam, Sullivan and Ulster. This program does not provide the match to repair
and rebuild structures in New York City. Similar to NY State through the
Governor's Office of Storm Recovery, New York City has its own allocation of
CDBG-DR funds, which can be used to address the FEMA PA local match for
applications within the five boroughs.

Congressman Eliot Engel said, "Superstorm Sandy paralyzed parts of my
Congressional district, and the cost of rebuilding has been a huge financial
strain for these municipalities. I applaud Governor Cuomo for providing state
funding to help local governments rebuild public facilities and continue the
clean-up process. This funding will mitigate the financial impact these
communities suffered in the wake of an extreme act of nature."

Congresswoman Nita Lowey said, "The Hudson River Valley has made significant
progress recovering from Superstorm Sandy, but with widespread damage across our
region, the cost of recovery has been very expensive for our communities. As the
top Democrat on the House Appropriations Committee, I worked hard to ensure that
FEMA provided 90% reimbursement, as opposed to the normal 75%, in the Sandy
supplemental. I am very pleased that Governor Cuomo is now using the flexibility
granted to him under the law to use $175 million in CDBG-DR funds to close the
remaining funding gap. These additional dollars will allow infrastructure
projects to be quickly rebuilt at full federal expense and ensures that costs
aren't passed along to local taxpayers."

Congressman Pete King said, "Superstorm Sandy was devastating to Long Island.
This funding is another important step on Long Island's road to recovery."

Congresswoman Carolyn McCarthy said, "Superstorm Sandy destroyed many of our
homes and communities. Immediately following, neighbors joined together for
support and we have come a long way in helping families and businesses to
recover and rebuild. While there is still more work to be done, this funding
will continue the work we have been doing in the areas that need it the most. I
applaud Governor Cuomo for continuing to work to ensure our communities have the
resources they need to come back stronger than ever."

Congressman Gregory Meeks said, "I am pleased by the Governor's announcement for
additional funding to help local government's cover rebuilding efforts
throughout the regions that were devastated by Super Storm Sandy. Our
communities have emerged stronger and more united since Sandy and this
additional Community Development Block Grant - Disaster Relief funding will go a
long way to ensure that this progress continues on the path to complete
recovery. I thank Governor Cuomo for his strong and sustained leadership on this
front and I will continue to lend my support for these efforts in any way
possible."

Congressman Steve Israel said,"I helped lead the charge in Congress to secure
federal funding to help our communities rebuild after Superstorm Sandy. I'm
pleased Governor Cuomo is directing a portion of those community development
funds to ease the financial burden facing many local governments that could
otherwise be shut out from accessing FEMA's Public Assistance program. I will
continue to do everything possible to help our communities recover and fortify
their infrastructure to prevent future damage."

Congressman Tim Bishop said, "Since the dust settled and the last traces of the
storm left our shores, recovering from Superstorm Sandy has been a long road.
While we have come a long way, there is still much to be done to not only repair
our coastal communities, but also to build them up against future storms. By the
State of New York picking up the tab for the local cost share of recovery
projects, municipalities will be able to free up funding that will allow them to
undertake other initiatives to make their shores more resilient and help their
residents prepare for future storms. I applaud Governor Cuomo for taking this
step."

Congressman Chris Gibson said, "By several metrics, Sandy was among the worst
natural disasters in U.S. history. While most of the damage occurred in New York
City and Long Island, several Upstate counties sustained severe damage. Disaster
response is a core function of government and deserves broad bipartisan support.
I appreciate the state's commitment to helping our communities rebuild."

Congressman Sean Patrick Maloney said, "Superstorm Sandy created a massive
cleanup and rebuilding effort for communities across the Hudson Valley, and this
investment will help many of our local governments continue to recover and build
back stronger."

Nassau County Executive Ed Mangano said, "I commend Governor Cuomo for his
leadership in picking up the difference between FEMA reimbursements and actual
costs of restoring Nassau County's infrastructure."

Suffolk County Executive Steve Bellone said, "Nearly two years later, Suffolk
County residents and our local municipalities continue to feel the physical and
financial impact that Superstorm Sandy left in its wake. I thank Governor Cuomo
for his tireless efforts and intense focus on Sandy Recovery which have resulted
in this critical assistance to local municipalities. This State aid will ease
the burden for Suffolk County taxpayers and further highlights New York State's
commitment to a full and robust recovery."

For further information please visit: http://carolynmccarthy.house.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              998 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                            October 2, 2010 Saturday

Floods - Senate Panels Visit Sokoto, Kebbi This Week

BYLINE: Kunle Akogun

LENGTH: 293  words

DATELINE: Abuja


The Senate has directed its committees on Water Resources, Agriculture,
Environment and Works to undertake a tour of the flood ravaged areas in Sokoto,
Kebbi and Jigawa states to assess the extent of the losses and recommend
remedial measures to forestall future occurrence of such disaster.

This followed the passage of a motion by Senator Umaru Dahiru (PDP, Sokoto) and
co-sponsored by 22 others on the recent flood disaster in the three
North-western states.

The upper chamber also commended President Goodluck Jonathan for his rapid
response to the problem by visiting the affected areas, approving financial
grants and directing the military to build Bailey bridge in order to restore
communication and contact with the University and its community.

The Senate also commended the National Emergency Management Agency (NEMA) for
swiftly moving into the affected areas and providing emergency assistance to the
victims of the flood in good time.

Leading the debate on the motion, Dahiru noted with sadness the calamity which
befell Sokoto, Kebbi and Jigawa states early last month as a result of the
collapse of the spill-ways of Goronyo, Lugu, Challawa and Tiga Dams resulting in
the deaths and displacement of persons, livestock as well as loss of properties.

He further noted that Goronyo Dam is now 18 years old and was designed to store
942 million cubic metres of water while Tiga is 34 years old and designed to
store two (2) billion cubic metres of water.

The Senator stated that roads, bridges and culverts linking Nigeria and Niger
Republic and many Trunk A and B roads were cut off by the flood including the
Usman Danfodio University and its community, adding that half of Sokoto state
was cut off from the state capital and became inaccessible for days.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved
