
                               1 of 75 DOCUMENTS

            Copyright (c) 2015 Duke Environmental Law & Policy Forum
                     Duke Environmental Law & Policy Forum

                                  Spring, 2015

                     Duke Environmental Law & Policy Forum

                        25 Duke Envtl. L. & Pol'y F. 339

LENGTH: 23267 words

SYMPOSIUM: CARROTS AND STICKS: MOVING THE U.S. NATIONAL FOOD SYSTEM TOWARD A
SUSTAINABLE FUTURE: ARTICLE: (M)EAT LOCAL(R)*: MARKET AND DISTRIBUTION
CHALLENGES IN THE LOCAL MEAT SYSTEM

* (M)eat Local is a trademark of Firsthand Foods, LLC, used here with
permission.

NAME: Michelle Nowlin+, Emily Spiegel++ and Graham McHenry+++

BIO: + Supervising Attorney, Duke Environmental Law and Policy Clinic; Senior
Lecturing Fellow, Duke University School of Law.

++ Law Fellow, Duke Environmental Law and Policy Clinic.

+++ MEM Candidate, Duke University Nicholas School of the Environment.

TEXT:
 [*340]

   I. Introduction

   The average American consumes approximately 200 pounds of poultry and
livestock per year. n1 Most of this meat is produced by industrial-scale poultry
and livestock operations, n2 presenting significant implications for public
health n3 and the quality of the nation's natural resources. n4

   As awareness about the myriad problems associated with industrialized
livestock production has increased, consumers are driving change in the meat
market, increasingly looking for meats produced in accordance with their values
- meat from humanely treated animals raised outdoors, without the routine use of
antibiotics and synthetic hormones, by fairly compensated farmers and workers
[*341]  from their own communities. n5 These increases are being seen despite
the fact that "pound for pound, head for head, local and niche meats cost more
... ." n6 This willingness to pay more at the cash register perhaps reflects an
understanding that meat (and produce) is not cheap: consumer pricing is simply a
matter of how the costs are distributed and of who bears them along the way from
farm to plate.

   In fact, demand is so high that many farmers and processors find it difficult
to keep up. n7 Some farmers report a shortage of slaughtering and processing
space; as the livestock industry has consolidated, there are fewer small-scale
slaughterhouses overall, and many of the remaining slaughterhouses will not take
small lots of animals. n8 Yet some slaughterhouses, as discussed later in this
article, report a lack of animals or inconsistent throughput. n9 Identifying,
addressing and responding to the barriers that create this disparity will be
essential for this segment of the market to continue to grow and develop from a
"niche" into a more widely available market alternative.

   This article explores many of these barriers by reporting the results of a
series of anonymous interviews conducted with individuals involved throughout
the production process. It builds on work the Duke Environmental Law and Policy
Clinic n10 has  [*342]  undertaken for the National Young Farmers Coalition n11
(NYFC) to identify bottlenecks and help farmers and processors meet growing
consumer demand. The issues identified are of critical importance to beginning
and small farmers alike. Farming is a risky business; n12 fewer than half of
beginning farmers report positive sales, n13 which underscores the importance of
ensuring market opportunities for small growers. This article provides a brief
overview of production trends in the livestock industry in Part II, and then
offers the perspectives of various stakeholders in the growing alternative
market in Part III. Part IV provides recommendations for policy and regulatory
reforms that are needed to better serve small farmers and processors and meet
consumer demands for sustainable sources of meat.

   II.

 The Livestock Industry: At a Glance

   A.

 Historic and Recent Trends

 So sweeping are the changes in the livestock industry over the past several
decades that images of small farms, recollections of hogs getting loose among
the squash, and talk of butcher shops are now quaint and unfamiliar, no longer
consistent with the realities of the nation's livestock industry. But it is
important to remember that livestock were not always raised in massive feedlots
and slaughtered in factories. n14 These structural changes have taken place
rapidly - transforming communities as well as our relationship to the meat we
eat - and were made possible by stark changes in federal farm policies.

   In 1971, Earl Butz became the Secretary of the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA) and ushered in a new era of  [*343]  agricultural policy that
emphasized the production of commodity crops, advising farmers to "get big or
get out." n15 This directive and the associated shift in federal funding
priorities for agricultural production resulted in an abundance of cheap grain,
fueling changes in food and animal production methods. n16 The quantity of
industrial-scale feedlots, in which large numbers of animals are brought into
enclosed areas for feeding and watering, exploded, and "an increasingly
consolidated meat industry learned to transform cheap grain into cheap - but
highly profitable - burgers, chops, and chicken nuggets." n17 Such operations
are commonly referred to as "concentrated animal feeding operations" (CAFOs), a
legal term found in the federal Clean Water Act that denotes confinement-based
livestock operations required to obtain water pollution control permits. n18

   Since that time, the number of farms raising cattle and swine has been in
steady decline, although the number of animals produced has continued to rise.
n19 The trend continues: between 1997 and 2007, the total number of cattle and
hog operations declined by 14% and 33%, respectively. n20 The result is a system
of operations that concentrates  [*344]  thousands of animals in small, confined
spaces, and replaces land and labor with automated feeding, temperature control,
and manure management. n21 By concentrating animals, reducing the land available
to assimilate their manure, and reducing the labor required to raise them,
industrial-scale operations can produce livestock at a much lower cost to the
farmer. n22

   Equally dramatic trends are seen in the slaughtering and processing side of
the livestock business. n23 The number of slaughterhouses across the country
began to decline in the 1980s, a trend that has continued through the present
time. n24 Meanwhile, the size of slaughterhouses increased, and most meat is
currently processed in facilities designed to slaughter millions of animals each
year. n25 Slaughterhouses are now high volume operations that process animals at
extraordinary speeds. Charts set forth in federal regulations indicate that
processing rates can reach 390 steers or 1106 market hogs in just one hour; n26
the rate for poultry operations can  [*345]  reach 25 broilers per minute, or
1500 per hour, per inspector. n27 With multiple slaughter lines operating
simultaneously, poultry slaughterhouses can now process up to almost 12,000
poultry per inspector per day. n28

   Other structural changes accompanied the expansion in the size of farms and
slaughterhouses. Processing operations have merged to become dominant market
players. In the United States, meat production is now controlled in large part
by just a handful of companies. The top four beef processors control 83% of
their market, the top four pork processors control 66%, and the top four broiler
chicken producers and processors control 58%. n29

   Moreover, the various market players are increasingly consolidated vertically
along the supply chain, "from the corn to the bacon." n30 For example, Cargill
is one of the nation's largest processors of soybean and corn - primary
ingredients in livestock feed - and is the nation's second largest feed mill
operator. n31 It is also the nation's third largest producer and second largest
packer of beef, the fourth largest packer of pork products, and the third
largest producer of turkeys. n32 The company markets its meat products under
more than twenty-four brand labels. Such market dominance allows this one
company to better weather market shifts and fluctuating grain markets than
smaller, independent market players.

   Although each livestock sector varies in structure, most livestock are now
owned by large corporations that contract with farmers to "grow out" the
animals. n33 The corporation owns the breedstock and supplies the animals to the
farmer, who specializes in a single stage of  [*346]  production in the animals'
life. n34 The company supplies the feed and any drugs needed in the production
process, provides veterinary services, and may even design the buildings and
waste management systems that the grower must use. n35 The corporation may also
own the feed mills, the slaughterhouses, the processing plants and the brand
labels, as well as the trucks that transport the animals and the finished
products through the supply chain. n36 This is all done under contract with the
farmer-grower, who is paid on a per-head basis at the slaughterhouse for a
pre-arranged price. n37 In short, farmers are "paid for the services that they
provide, and not for the products that they sell." n38

   The vertical integration of the livestock industry helps keep commercial meat
prices low at the cash register. One way in which this level of vertical
integration confers market advantage is by capitalizing on federal policies that
subsidize and support the production of commodity grains like corn and soybeans.
n39 Federal feed subsidies to large companies amounted to a $ 35 billion boost
over an eight-year period between 1997 and 2005, providing those companies with
the "equivalent [of] a 5-15% reduction in overall operating costs." n40
Economies of scale are created in other ways as well, such as innovations in
slaughter plant technology and changes in labor relations that have resulted in
wage reductions. n41

   Federal farm policies, in addition to efficiency gains from economies of
scale, create cost advantages for industrial livestock operations. n42 The
advantages come "at the expense of smaller scale, diversified, locally-owned
crop and livestock farms," n43 making it  [*347]  increasingly difficult for
small farmers and processors to compete. n44

   Nevertheless, the trend is changing, and that change is gaining momentum. n45
Demand for locally-raised meats and poultry produced in sustainable and
transparent ways is increasing, providing a sharp contrast to a general decline
in the per capita consumption of meats. n46 Part of that increase is
attributable to a dramatic increase in the numbers of farmers' markets around
the country, which provide more convenient opportunities for consumers to
purchase meat directly from farmers. n47 Yet the number of small-scale slaughter
facilities continues to decline. n48 It is against this backdrop that groups
like NYFC seek solutions to the forces that limit supplies in the face of rising
consumer demand.

   B.

 What Is Local Meat?

 Despite increased demand, general consensus on what constitutes
"locally-produced" meat remains elusive. n49 There is no standard definition of
this concept, nor is there agreement on the appropriate geographic range between
production and consumption. For example, could meat processed and marketed by a
global corporation nonetheless be considered "local" when the products are sold
in the community in which the processing facility is located? The USDA defines
"local" to mean food produced within 400 miles or within the state of the point
of purchase. n50 Many farmers' markets  [*348]  employ more restrictive metrics,
ranging from 60 miles to 150 miles from the market, and require that vendors
actually produce the farm products they sell. n51 While such debates are beyond
the scope of this article, they are nonetheless important for understanding the
forces that drive demand and the challenges for those striving to meet it.

   Proponents of local foods tend to be motivated by societal goals and values
they believe are undermined by the industrial food system. n52 Accountability,
transparency and food safety are key motivators, and many firmly believe the
meat tastes better. n53 But deeper forces are also at work. Concerns about
animal welfare and environmental impacts are paramount for meat products. n54
Additional drivers include the authenticity of one's relationship to food and
the desire to contribute to economic opportunities and growth in one's own
community. n55

   With livestock, as with other agricultural products, the production model
employed can determine whether the requirements of local food consumers are met.
n56 For example, was the animal raised on pasture, or was it raised in a
confinement operation? It is  [*349]  widely thought that animals are happier
when raised outdoors, on pasture, and able to express instinctive behaviors. n57
Farmers interviewed for this article considered rooting, wallowing, and nesting
behaviors for pigs, and roosting and scratching for chickens, to be good indices
of the animals' welfare.

   Production models have implications for human health, as well. Studies show
that pasture-raised meat products are more nutritious, providing more vitamin E
and omega-3 fatty acids. n58 The production model also influences antibiotics
usage. Studies show that routine antibiotic usage - to promote animal growth and
suppress the higher incidence of disease in animals raised in confinement -
leads to an increase in antibiotic-resistant bacteria and undermines the
effectiveness of antibiotics in treating human ailments. n59

   Environmental concerns, such as impacts to water and air quality and
contributions to greenhouse gas emissions, are also influenced by the production
model and associated waste management practices. n60 Well-run, pasture-based
livestock operations maintain significantly lower stocking densities, n61 and
farms with a diverse mix of crops and  [*350]  animals make more effective use
of manure-based nutrients. n62 Locally-produced meats may also have a smaller
transportation footprint. n63 Finally, many land trusts promote local farms to:



   Protect open space and provide opportunities for wildlife to flourish. If
farmers thrive, they will not sell their land to developers, and well-managed
farms can have many different environmental benefits, including riparian
buffers, space for a variety of pollinators, as well as habitat ... . n64

 Given this complex set of considerations driving consumer demand for their
products, it is understandable that many local livestock producers seek to do
business with slaughterhouses and processors that can ensure product
traceability and have the equipment needed for desired packaging. n65 They also
often seek third-party certifications, such as Animal-Welfare Approved n66 or
Organic, n67 and so must find slaughtering facilities that comply with  [*351]
those standards. n68 These demands, combined with the other challenges described
below, limit access to sufficient slaughter and processing capacity.

   C.

 Regulatory Considerations

 After Upton Sinclair published The Jungle in 1906, exposing unsanitary and
disturbing conditions in the meatpacking industry, Congress responded by passing
the Federal Meat Inspection Act of 1906 (FMIA). n69 FMIA requires pre- slaughter
and postmortem inspection of every "amenable" n70 animal slaughtered for human
consumption and empowers USDA to enforce sanitary requirements in meatpacking
plants. n71

   The FMIA did not apply to poultry products, which were not in high commercial
demand at the time. n72 During World War II, USDA began inspecting
establishments selling poultry to the U.S. military to ensure sanitation
standards for troop health. n73 In 1957, Congress passed the Poultry Products
Inspection Act (PPIA), n74 requiring continuous inspection of poultry products
(before slaughter, after slaughter, and before processing) that enter interstate
commerce. n75

    [*352]  To sell meat and poultry products in the United States - regardless
of whether the sale is from a grocery store, a farmers' market, or a farm stand
- the meat must have been slaughtered and processed at a facility inspected by
the USDA or equivalent state agency. n76

   Both the FMIA and the PPIA are implemented by USDA's Food Safety and
Inspection Service (FSIS). n77 FSIS has considerable powers in regulating the
safety of meat and poultry products. n78 An FSIS inspector (or state equivalent)
must inspect every animal slaughtered and processed before and after slaughter
to ensure the safety and quality of the meat. n79 No meat for human consumption
may enter commerce without its stamp of "Inspected and passed." n80 If
conditions warrant, FSIS has the authority to withdraw inspection, preventing
the facility from operating. n81 It may condemn meat and order its destruction.
n82 It also has the authority to approve the use of any product label, which
must include the product's standard of identity, quantity, safe handling
instructions, list of any added ingredients (such as salt or spices), and the
facility's number, name, and address. n83

   Regulatory exemptions exist for meat that does not enter commerce. n84 Such
meats may be processed at a "custom-exempt" facility or on-farm. n85 To fall
under this exemption, however, the meat must be processed exclusively for the
personal use of the animal's owner or the owner's family and nonpaying guests,
and may not be sold commercially. n86 Similar restrictions exist for poultry,
although the PPIA also exempts the on-farm slaughter and processing of up to
20,000 birds per year from inspection requirements and prohibitions on
commercial sale. n87

   Nationally, a processing facility has the choice to operate under one of five
categories: Federally Inspected, State Inspected,  [*353]  Talmadge-Aiken,
Custom-Exempt, and Cooperative Interstate Shipment. n88 Each facility type has
some advantages and disadvantages associated with it. Not all options are
available in every state; however, where available, a processor may choose the
option that best fits his or her business model.

   1.

 Federally Inspected Facilities

 Federally Inspected (FI) facilities are directly regulated by FSIS under the
FMIA. n89 These facilities are typically medium and large processing plants
approved for the slaughter and processing of meat for intra- and interstate
sales. n90 FI facilities must operate under strict safety guidelines and
regulations, including HACCP regulations. n91 A federal safety inspector must be
onsite at all times during the slaughtering and processing of all animals and
may require facilities to submit extensive safety and compliance reports. n92 FI
facilities process the vast majority of meat slaughtered in the United States.
n93 Meat slaughtered at FI facilities may be sold commercially to individuals at
farmers' markets, or packaged as retail cuts to restaurants, retailers, and food
services. n94 This type of inspection is beneficial for processors because the
meat can be sold in interstate and foreign commerce. One interviewed processor
felt that a disadvantage to operating an FI facility was the inflexibility of
federal inspectors and the required paperwork related to multiple levels of
[*354]  federal bureaucracy.

   2.

 State Inspected Facilities

 State Inspected (SI) facilities must comply with the same regulations as FI
facilities or with state regulations "at least equal to" federal regulations.
n95 State health officials, rather than federal inspectors, inspect and monitor
SI facilities. n96 The SI system may allow states to be more innovative and
involved in the meat processing industry - however, that involvement comes at a
cost.

   For farmers, the main downside of the SI system is that meat processed at a
SI slaughterhouse is restricted to intrastate sales, which limits the market
outlets farmers may access. n97 Additionally, only twenty-seven states across
the country retain state-level red meat inspection programs. n98 Although states
are reimbursed for fifty percent of their operating inspections costs by the
federal government, many states still find the cost of implementation to be
prohibitive. n99 Many states have neither the extra revenue nor the will to pay
for state regulation of the meat industry when the federal government is willing
to take on those costs through the FI program. n100

   In recent years however, a shift in thinking appears to have fueled a
movement in the industry to promote expanding SI facilities in the hope that
they will improve slaughterhouse access for small farmers. n101 Small processors
interviewed in North Carolina maintained that SI inspectors are more willing to
work with them to help them understand the regulations in place and to maintain
compliance. They also asserted that SI inspectors are more responsive to
questions than federal regulators, and are able to provide more personalized
guidance. n102 As a result, these processors prefer to work with state
regulators rather than with the federal  [*355]  government.

   3.

 Talmadge-Aiken Facilities

 Talmadge-Aiken (TA) plants are slaughter facilities inspected by state
employees acting as agents for USDA's FSIS. n103 When it is beneficial for the
regional interstate economy, FSIS may enter into an agreement with a state
agency to have state employees conduct meat inspections or other regulatory
activities on behalf of FSIS, in effect delegating regulatory authority to the
state. n104 Meat produced from a TA plant, therefore, may be sold in interstate
commerce because the production is officially overseen by the federal
government. n105 However, only nine states have active TA facilities, and these
facilities process a very small percentage of the national meat product. n106

   North Carolina is one of the nine states that engage in TA agreements with
USDA. n107 Interviewees reported that North Carolina typically enters into an
agreement with USDA for TA inspection when former SI facilities wish to change
their inspection classification to engage in interstate commerce. If USDA does
not have a readily available federal inspector in the area of the facility, USDA
sometimes delegates inspection duties to the state inspectors already present in
the area. A TA designation is beneficial to the processor: the facility can
process meat for interstate commerce while remaining under the inspection of
potentially more responsive state regulators.

   4.

 Custom Exempt Facilities

 Custom Exempt (CE) slaughterhouses are exempt from FSIS inspection under the
FMIA. n108 The FMIA exempts from inspection animals that will be slaughtered and
processed for the use of the  [*356]  owner of the animal, his or her family,
and nonpaying guests. n109 CE facilities are primarily used by hunters to dress
elk, deer, and other game meat. n110

   Livestock producers may also use this exemption when they have sold a portion
of an animal to a direct purchaser prior to the animal's slaughter. The
butchered meat is then typically used as "freezer meat" for the new owner. n111
If the entire animal is sold by the farmer to a private individual prior to
processing, then the new owner can have the entire animal processed and the new
owner will pay the processing fee. This type of processing can decrease
marketing costs for farmers by decreasing the number of individual products the
farmer must sell.

   While CE facilities are exempt from most FMIA inspection regulations and do
not need state or federal inspectors overseeing slaughter, CE facilities must
comply with some FMIA regulations and health and safety rules. n112 For example,
federal and state health and safety inspectors must inspect the slaughter and
processing site. However, this is done infrequently - generally on a yearly
basis. n113 Some of the other regulatory requirements facing CE facilities
include humane slaughter, recordkeeping, and sanitation requirements. n114
Overall, CE facilities are fairly common around the country, but they are
unlikely ever to be large players in the household meat industry because CE
output cannot enter commerce. n115 Small-scale processors who operate slaughter
and processing facilities for a living will probably not find CE classification
appealing. While they would be able to slaughter and process without inspectors
on site, it is unlikely that they would be able to maintain sufficient
throughput to remain viable.

   5.

 The Cooperative Interstate Shipment Program

 The fifth and final slaughter facility option available to  [*357]  processors
is the Cooperative Interstate Shipment (CIS) program. n116 This program allows
interstate sales from SI plants with fewer than twenty-five employees. n117 The
program is open to all twenty-seven states that have their own Meat and Poultry
Inspection (MPI) programs. n118 Once the state is registered with the program, a
slaughter plant can then apply to become a CIS facility. n119 Once registered,
the facility is able to keep its state inspectors and is granted a new federal
seal, allowing it to engage in interstate commerce. n120

   Currently only four states have registered for the program, n121 and of those
four, only two states have active facilities participating in the program
(twelve facilities between the two). n122 This program may be a viable option
for very small processing facilities to engage in interstate commerce, but it
has yet to see significant use across the country.

   III.

 Challenges in the Local Meat Distribution Chain: Stakeholder Perspectives The
local meat system involves many interdependent players, from the farmer to the
processor to the distributer. Each group has a different perspective on the
challenges of the local meat supply chain. Farmers have difficulty finding
adequate local processing capacity  [*358]  and value added services. n123
Processors struggle to maintain steady and adequate throughput and to find
quality skilled labor. n124 Major local meat buyers, such as wholesale
purchasers, desire a consistent local meat supply and a market for all parts of
the animal. n125

   While each of these players faces unique concerns, measures to improve the
local meat system must incorporate all of their perspectives. To better
understand these concerns, the Clinic interviewed participants along the supply
chain, including farmers, processors, restaurateurs, institutional buyers,
retail outlets, and market aggregators. These interviews provided valuable
insights into the complexities of meat production and distribution.

   A.

 Farmers n126

 Farmers working in the local meat system face several difficulties in getting
their meat to market. Transportation costs associated with traveling to
slaughter and processing facilities rise with increasing distance from the farm.
n127 Farmers are also concerned with the impact of processing on the final meat
products they are able to offer, since processor practices will affect the
farmers' ability to maintain traceability to their farm or to offer certain
types of value-added processing and packaging to consumers. n128

   As small farmers seek ways to meet growing consumer demand for locally-raised
meats, research is needed to identify the bottlenecks and obstacles that prevent
- or discourage - them from meeting this demand.

   1.

 Time and Distance to Processor

 One major complaint shared by many of the farmers surveyed for this article is
the distance they must travel to processing facilities. Nationwide, it is not
uncommon for small farmers to drive many  [*359]  hours to reach a slaughter and
processing facility. n129 In central North Carolina, farmers report having to
drive six hours roundtrip to a pork slaughtering facility and six hours in
another direction for poultry processing. n130 Long trips like these increase
fuel expenditures and add to the opportunity cost of lost on-farm management and
marketing time. Additionally, long trips may stress the animals, resulting in
tougher, less valuable meat. n131

   Distance-to-slaughter challenges are compounded in diversified farming
systems. In the industrial agriculture model, both growers and processors
specialize. Growers typically raise only one animal species, and large plants
slaughter only one animal type; they even prefer uniformity in size to reduce
equipment recalibrations and maximize line speed. n132 However, small, local
farmers may raise several types of animals to take to slaughter. Each additional
animal species may increase the transportation costs for the farmer, either
because they are not accepted at the same processing facilities on the same
days, or because different animals are ready for slaughter at different times of
the year (e.g., autumn for pasture-raised beef and spring for lamb).

   The structure of the local meat industry also increases the transportation
burden on local farmers. The key distinction here is that growers in the
industrial system sell livestock, whereas farmers in the local food system sell
meat. When a hog leaves a farm for slaughter in the industrial system, the
grower is generally paid for the live animal and never sees it again. In local
food systems, the farmer typically owns the animal up to, during, and after
slaughter. In this system, the farmer is not paid until the meat is sold
(although a contract to buy the meat may be in place early in the animal's
life). Slaughter at small, independent processing facilities is typically
provided on a fee-for-service basis. n133 This model requires farmers to make
two trips to the processing facility - one to drop off their  [*360]  animals
and one to pick up the meat to sell. Thus, their transportation time and costs
are doubled.

   Even if a farmer brings a small batch of animals to be slaughtered right
away, the meat will not be ready to pick up that day. In addition to
slaughtering, dressing, and cutting time, the meat must also stay in the
facility long enough to be chilled or to undergo further processing. Meat must
cool after slaughter before it can be taken offsite. n134 But if the carcass is
cooled too fast it cold shortens the meat, toughening it through muscle
contraction. n135 To enhance flavor, beef typically "hangs" or dry ages as a
whole carcass for at least a week before being divided into cuts of meat. n136
Even with prompt and quick service at the slaughterhouse, farmers must make
multiple trips to the processing facility because of food safety regulations,
quality considerations, and the fee-for-service structure.

   Fee-for-service slaughter can introduce scheduling challenges for farmers,
which may exacerbate their transportation problems. Processors may schedule
appointments for slaughter six weeks or more in advance, especially in times of
high slaughter demand. n137 Farmers, on the other hand, may have little control
over their slaughter schedule. Consequently, they may have to weigh the
financial loss of taking a time slot when their animals are not at optimal
weight against the added time and expense of traveling to a more distant
processor who has availability. Whereas some experts note that small-scale
farmers have difficulty getting processing space because they cannot meet
processors' minimum lot requirements, n138 original research for this article
did not reveal similar concerns among  [*361]  contacted farmers in North
Carolina. In fact, none of the contacted processors reported having a minimum
lot requirement. A North Carolina aggregator even noted that a farmer of any
size can access quality service from processors if he or she is a consistent
customer. n139

   Scheduling slaughter may also be a challenge because many small-scale farmers
have full-time, off-farm jobs and would like to schedule slaughter for the
evenings. Processors may have little flexibility to offer extended slaughter
hours because they must pay overtime for USDA inspectors. n140 Some processors
have been able to provide assistance by allowing farmers to drop off their
animals at night, and then holding them at the processing facility until
slaughter resumes in the morning.

   2.

 Traceability

 Traceability is a second area with significant implications for farmers in the
local meat sector. Local farmers typically cannot compete with industrial
agriculture on price, so they target high-value niche markets where their animal
husbandry practices can garner a premium. To receive that premium on their
product, farmers must be sure they are getting their own meat back from the
processor.

   Some of the interviewed farmers report traceability concerns with their past
or present processing facilities. They have been alerted to potential problems
when they received the wrong number of animals from the slaughter facility, or
the wrong number of animal parts packaged separately (e.g., 100 poultry
carcasses, but only 97 livers). This may indicate merely a communication problem
between farmers and processors, n141 or it may point to deeper problems with
traceability within the processing facility. Regardless, such experiences make
farmers concerned that their animals are being commingled and cause them to lose
confidence in the production process. They worry that the products they receive
from their processors may not adhere to the quality and origin claims made on
their labels.

[*362]

   3.

 Value-Added Processing and Packaging

 A third significant concern for farmers is consumer demand for particular
packaging and value-added processing. Not all processors offer the same cut,
wrap, or packaging services. n142 Some farms in North Carolina bypass their
closest processing facilities to find ones that offer higher-quality packaging.
According to one farmer, the closest processor offers only cuts wrapped in
freezer paper; because the farm's customers prefer vacuum sealed packaging, the
farmer drives an extra hour and a half each way to a facility that offers it.

   Value-added processing may increase revenues for farmers. Hams, hotdogs,
sausages, and salamis can be sold at a premium. n143 However, federal law
prohibits farmers from further processing meats to be sold as food in commerce
once they are picked up from the processing facility. n144 Consequently, farmers
interested in providing value-added products to their customers must find a
processor that offers curing, smoking, or sausage-making services. Yet few small
processing facilities offer a full range of value-added services, often because
of lack of expertise or the high capital costs of purchasing value-added
equipment. n145 One farmer who wants to sell hot dogs and cured meats reported
driving the cut meat an additional 100 miles to reach a second processor who
provides curing and other value added services.

   B.

 Processors n146

 As the slaughter and processing industry has become more consolidated and
vertically integrated, many small operations have been replaced by large,
regional facilities structured to serve the  [*363]  industrial-scale model.
n147 Even so, a number of small facilities remain active in the industry. n148
These businesses cater to the needs of small farmers who lack the product volume
to work with large-scale industrial facilities. n149 While the overall number of
slaughter and processing facilities around the country remains high, the number
of facilities willing to work with small farmers has dwindled. n150 For example,
North Carolina currently has 236 meat processors, but only 44 of those plants
cater to the needs of farmers in the state. n151 Of those 44 facilities, only 20
businesses engage in animal slaughter. n152 Not every slaughter and processing
facility has the same business model, processes the same animals, or provides
the same cutting services. Therefore, it is possible for a local farmer to be
sited in an area surrounded by slaughter and processing facilities, yet be
several hours away from a facility capable of and willing to process their
animals.

   Existing small processors realize there is unmet farmer demand for their
services. n153 But a number of barriers prevent processors from filling small
farmers' needs. Economic, regulatory, and capital barriers create hurdles for
small processors interested in working with small farmers. Although current and
new facilities may wish to expand into high demand market areas, these barriers
may be insurmountable.

   1.

 Economic Barriers

 Building a slaughter or meat processing facility is capital intensive. n154
Constructing even the most rudimentary facility requires  [*364]  hundreds of
thousands of dollars and comes with substantial financial risk. n155 Opening a
new facility, then, requires that a processor and financier be convinced the
facility's revenues will eventually cover overhead and operating costs.
Prospective investors must be confident that real and sufficient demand exists
for the facility's services. Without the assurance that the facility can
maintain steady throughput, a prospective business owner or financier may
hesitate to invest in a new facility or expand an existing one. To move past
these initial funding constraints, clear and steady demand for the processor's
services must be readily apparent and accessible. n156

   Few new independent processing facilities have been built in the last ten
years due in large part to this financial uncertainty. n157 Results of a study
on barriers to entry for small-scale processors in 2013 indicate that small
farmers do not bring sufficient throughput volume to cover costs. n158 As
indicated by the North Carolina slaughter and processing facilities interviewed
for this article, processing facilities need a steady supply of animals to
remain operational, especially if the facility operates on a fee-for-service
basis. n159 With concern over the availability of consistent revenue to cover
slaughterhouse capital, new processors are unlikely to expand into local
markets, and existing facilities may be unlikely to increase capacity in their
brick and mortar plants.

   2.

 Inconsistent Temporal Throughput

 Consistent throughput at a processing facility is needed to cover a slaughter
operation's costs and keep skilled laborers employed. Historically, animal
slaughter and processing was a seasonal endeavor in which small-scale farmers
aimed to have their animals slaughtered  [*365]  at their optimal weight. n160
For cattle and hogs, this was in the early fall, following a long summer's
grazing period. Slaughtering at an animal's optimal weight provides the greatest
return to a farmer. Currently, many small farmers wish to carry on this
tradition (especially those whose livestock are grass fed), but existing
processing capacity makes this difficult.

   If all small producers in an area wish to have their livestock processed at
the same facility during the same temporal window (early fall or spring), a
small slaughterhouse may not have sufficient capacity to handle the large flow
of animals during such a short window. Conversely, under this type of system,
there may be a dearth of throughput in months when pasture-raised animal weight
is low. n161 These traditional meat production cycles lend themselves to
boom-and-bust processing cycles that can put significant stress on a processor's
finances.

   While farming and livestock production are fundamentally seasonal industries,
manufacturing and processing facilities have year-round costs independent of
seasonal meat supply. n162 Slaughter facilities must pay the rent or mortgage
for the building and physical property on which their facility is located, and
pay skilled laborers for year-round work. Interviewed processors explained to us
that if they offer reliable employment only for boom processing months, they
will have difficulty keeping skilled workers, as most will look elsewhere for
more stable, year-round employment. This consideration all but forces processors
to hire skilled workers for year-round work regardless of the seasonality of
meat supply.

   3.

 Labor

 Even a facility fortunate enough to have the throughput to pay butchers and
skilled laborers year-round wages may not be able to find qualified individuals
to hire. As the overall number of slaughterhouses and processing centers has
decreased, the number of skilled butchers has declined with it. n163 According
to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the number of skilled butchers in the United
States has decreased dramatically in the last fifteen years. In 1994, there
[*366]  were 218,994 skilled butchers in the United States n164; by 2010, this
number had declined to 125,910. n165

   The decrease in the number of butchers has outpaced the decrease in the
number of processing facilities, creating a shortage of skilled butchers. Many
processors cite the insufficient number of skilled butchers in the local work
force as a barrier to expanding operations or replacing current employees, and
some identify the shortage as their business's primary concern. One North
Carolina processor indicated that despite high levels of retention in their
workforce, finding new employees is difficult. Butchery is a highly- skilled
profession, but there are very few training programs around the country. n166
With few adequately trained individuals in the general population, processors
would need to undertake the time- intensive and costly process of training
employees themselves.

   This lack of qualified labor is a barrier for current operators looking to
maintain or expand their business, but also presents problems for new processing
facilities hoping to move into emerging market areas. If current operators
cannot find suitable replacements for outgoing workers, then new facilities may
find it prohibitively difficult to fill multiple positions. To entice skilled
individuals to fill a new position, new and expanding processors may need to
offer higher wages and benefits, which could eat into already slim profit
margins. Most small processors cannot afford to increase compensation to skilled
laborers, putting potential small business owners in a difficult financial
position.

   Retail customers demand consistency in certain types of cuts and value-added
processing. It takes considerable skill to properly butcher every animal the
same way into prime, subprime, and retail cuts. Without a consistent supply of
adequately trained labor, small slaughter and processing facilities may find it
difficult to meet the needs of both farmers and retailers. Consistency of the
finalized  [*367]  product is a barrier that small processors face in attempting
to expand their business and market reach. n167 A scarcity of skilled butchers
may exacerbate these issues and contribute to a decline in product consistency.

   4.

 Scheduling

 As in any other manufacturing industry, processing facilities need to maximize
the efficiency and output of their labor and capital stocks to keep costs down
and revenues up. This means optimizing the number of animals moving through the
facility, and keeping this number consistent throughout the year. Large
commercial or "commodity" processing facilities use contracts and production
arrangements with growers to ensure consistent throughput. n168 By contrast,
most small processors predominantly use fee-for-service arrangements. n169

   Under the fee-for-service scheduling model, a farmer will call a processor
when she is ready to have her animals slaughtered and processed. At this point,
the processor will try to schedule the farmer for a processing date six to eight
weeks later. This time frame gives the processor plenty of time to ensure that
inspectors are onsite for slaughter and that appropriate equipment will be
available for use that day. This system works well when there are no
cancellations and throughput is consistent. Yet any hiccup in the schedule -
such as a no-show, or a farmer bringing the wrong number of animals - can create
added pressure on processors and eliminate expected profits. Unfortunately,
cancellations and incorrect deliveries from small farmers are common. These
problems decrease both productivity and processing revenue for processors.

   Fee-for-service operations, coupled with inconsistent seasonal throughput,
can place significant economic stress on small processors. Some small facilities
have attempted to deal with this issue by engaging in long-term contracts with
larger farmers. Although these contracts increase the certainty of the
transaction, they create their own types of risk. For example, one North
Carolina processor disclosed that they have a few long-term contracts but prefer
to operate with small farmers under the fee-for-service model because of the
risk associated with linking their business with only two or three large
farmers. If the company were to lose a contract, or damage a  [*368]
relationship with a large farmer, the loss of that farmer's business could put
the processor's entire business at risk.

   Fee-for-service processing at small slaughterhouses is also expensive when
compared to large processing facilities. n170 Slaughter and processing at a
small facility typically costs more on a per-head basis than processing at a
commodity facility. n171 This is presumably due to economies of scale. Large
plants can process large volumes of animals at a lower cost per head because
they are able to capitalize on the efficiency of their plant's physical capital.
n172 Therefore, a processing plant with employees working along an assembly line
will be able to slaughter and process animals more quickly than a small facility
with only a handful of employees.

   Although the overhead costs associated with large facilities may be higher
than the fixed costs for smaller facilities, the increased number of animals
processed using automated equipment in large facilities allows these companies
to produce each unit of meat at a lower cost. n173 Most small processing
facilities cannot - and in fact may not want to - take advantage of economies of
scale and so have higher per unit processing costs. n174 Due to these
comparatively higher processing costs, many local farmers think that local
processors overcharge, and are hesitant to sign long-term agreements with them.

   5.

 Regulation and Inspection

 The FMIA and PPIA regulations are intended to ensure and maintain food safety
standards for all consumers across the country. n175 For this reason, USDA
regulates all meat under the same regulations regardless of where the animal was
raised or processed. n176 Therefore, the rules and inspection regimes regulating
small-scale processing facilities are the same as those that govern large-scale
commercial slaughter and processing facilities. This lack of scale-sensitive
regulation can place a disproportionate regulatory burden on small  [*369]
plants. n177 While all plants must comply with the same rules and regulations,
larger plants have more throughput over which to spread regulatory costs. For
example, pathogenic E. coli sampling, required under the FMIA, requires a tissue
sample from a batch of processed animals during a processing cycle. n178 The
size of this product sample is invariant of the number of animals processed in a
cycle. n179 For small processors that process fewer animals, this testing
results in a greater percentage of total product loss than for larger
facilities. Larger product loss leads to smaller revenues and thinner profit
margins.

   Compliance with state and federal regulations can also be extremely costly
due to high in-house administrative costs. Regulations can be difficult to
understand and even more difficult to implement correctly. Small facilities
often require the assistance of legal counsel to correctly interpret applicable
regulations, and full- time staff to handle administrative paperwork. For
example, one North Carolina processor had to hire two additional employees to
remain in compliance and keep accurate records: one who simply handles all of
the inspection and compliance paperwork, and another who aids the inspector with
his daily activities. These individuals do not directly help in the slaughter
and processing of animals, and so add to the company's administrative compliance
costs.

   Most small facilities do not have the financial resources to hire full-time
administrative staff or consult with an attorney every time they need compliance
assistance. This can lead to administrative rule infractions and penalties for
incorrect interpretation and implementation. Coupled with the inconsistency of
state and federal inspectors' implementation of the rules, these administrative
burdens can create a prohibitive barrier for small processors. n180

   Inspection is another area where regulations governing animal slaughter and
processing were developed for large, consolidated systems. n181 Many provisions
are not calibrated to the scale and practices of small and independent
operations. A number of these scale-independent regulations - originally crafted
to improve consumer safety - place a disproportionate burden on small  [*370]
processors. These regulations include inspector access to facilities, inspector
scheduling, inspector infrastructure requirements, and payment for overtime work
hours. n182 When considered individually, the burdens of compliance for many
scale-independent regulations appear miniscule. In the aggregate, however, these
burdens disproportionately increase processing costs for small operators and
decrease their ability to turn a profit.

   One such scale-independent regulation involves inspector access to
facilities. A slaughter and processing facility must be accessible to state or
federal inspection employees at all times - day or night. n183 While this rule
may not burden large slaughter and processing facilities that operate for long
hours, small companies with only a handful of employees may find it difficult to
provide access to an inspector on demand. Along with open access, an inspector
must be onsite to inspect every animal prior to and following slaughter. n184
While this regulation is applicable to all plants and operators, inspectors at
large plants see many more animals in the course of a workday than inspectors
working at a small facility. This makes it easier for larger producers to
amortize the costs of ensuring inspector access. On the other hand, the
disparity in time spent per animal may also lead to differences in inspection
quality between plans of different sizes.

   The number of inspectors required at a facility depends on the animal type,
inspection system, and line configuration, as well as the slaughter rate. n185
Small facilities, especially those without mechanized assembly lines, will
slaughter and process animals at a slower rate than larger processors. n186 For
example, a large FI facility slaughtering chickens may have a production speed
with a maximum inspection rate of 15.5 to 25 birds per minute. n187 Small
facilities are unlikely to slaughter and process birds at these rates - they are
limited by their  [*371]  equipment and physical capital. However, if a large
processor is capable of working at that speed, it can spread the fixed costs of
each inspector over more birds. The more animals that a plant can pass through
its facility under the eyes of one inspector, the more the compliance costs
associated with that inspector will decrease.

   Hog processing facilities experience similar problems. It is not uncommon for
large hog processing facilities to slaughter thousands of animals in a day with
only a few inspectors on site. n188 As reported by an inspector in a 2014
affidavit to the Government Accountability Project's Food Integrity Campaign,
three inspectors routinely oversee 1,100 hogs processed per hour in some high
capacity plants. n189 Small facilities that process only a handful of animals
per hour cannot spread inspection costs across as many animals. This increases
the relative total cost of slaughter and processing.

   There are many costs associated with having an inspector on-site. While the
cost of inspection during normal work hours for federal inspection of meat is
borne by the federal government, n190 processors still incur substantial
inspection costs. For example, to ensure that the inspector has a clean place in
which to work and conduct his or her professional business, a processing
facility must provide office space, including necessary furnishings, light,
heat, and janitor services, for the exclusive use of the inspector assigned to
the facility. n191 In addition to office space, a facility must provide suitable
lockers in which inspectors can keep brands bearing the official inspection
legend (to ensure that labels will not be misused), along with other official
and personal items. n192

   While not unreasonable, these rules are especially burdensome for small
processing facilities. The cost of adding an office and required sanitary hand
washing stations for the exclusive use of the inspectors n193 is more manageable
for large processing facilities with high levels of throughput, which can spread
the cost of inspectors' facilities over more animals. Smaller plants, some of
which process animals only two or three times a week, may struggle to adequately
[*372]  meet the needs of inspectors while covering operational and overhead
costs.

   i.

 Scheduling Inspectors

 Scheduling inspection also creates hurdles for small slaughter and processing
facilities. To have an inspector on site, a facility must submit a work schedule
to the inspection area's regional supervisor and maintain a consistent schedule
week to week. n194 Any request to change a work schedule must be done at least
two weeks in advance of the proposed schedule change date. n195 While this
system provides greater certainty for regulators, it creates challenges for
small processors. Processors operating on fee-for-service relationships with
farmers may have changes in their schedule with less than two weeks' notice.

   A small processor, especially one that does not operate five days a week, may
lack the flexibility to give inspectors advanced notice of these scheduling
changes, and therefore may not be able to accept all of the animals that farmers
wish to deliver for processing. In contrast, large facilities that enter into
long-term contracts with large farmers face fewer scheduling-related challenges.
n196 With long-term contracts come stability and certainty.

   These difficulties are also presented in scheduling an inspector's shifts and
overtime hours. USDA (or equivalent state programs) will provide processors with
inspection service for up to eight consecutive hours per shift during the basic
workweek. n197 A basic workweek consists of five consecutive eight-hour
workdays. n198 If a processor wishes to have an inspector work overtime hours,
the facility must give the inspector advance notice as early as possible. n199
If an inspector is able to work the overtime request, the facility must
reimburse the inspection program for the cost of the overtime  [*373]
inspection service. n200 Overtime rates are generally 1.5 times the normal wage
rate for inspectors. n201

   While scheduling inspectors is a problem that both large and small facilities
face, fee-for-service operations without set contracts face the added challenge
of variability in the daily number of animals brought by farmers. If a producer
on a fee-for-service setup brings more animals than expected on an individual
day, the processor may need the inspector to work overtime hours. However, there
is no guarantee that the inspector can or will honor this request.

   ii.

 Inspector Interpretation

 Implementation of the FMIA rules and regulations by federal and state
inspectors is also a major concern of small processors. Small facilities - like
large facilities - need consistency in the interpretation of rules and
regulations to maintain a steady flow of operations. If inspectors vary
significantly in their interpretations, then a processing facility may be in
compliance under one inspector, but in violation under another. This is less of
a concern for larger plants that run at least five days a week because there are
generally inspectors dedicated to their individual facility, rather than a
rotation of different inspectors, as small facilities often experience. n202
According to some small processors, with every new inspector comes a slightly
different interpretation of the standing rules and regulations. Attempting to
understand and implement a new inspector's interpretation of the rules costs
facilities time and money. It is not uncommon for a new inspector to shut down
an active facility for an alleged violation that a previous inspector
consistently allowed. n203

   Processors also find state regulators and inspectors easier to work with than
their federal counterparts. They find federal inspectors to be more bureaucratic
and less likely to help solve problems than state inspectors. This does not mean
that state inspection is less stringent than federal inspection; state
inspectors are required to regulate using state standards that are "at least
equal to"  [*374]  federal standards. n204 However, state inspectors are more
responsive to small processing facilities' questions and needs. Small processors
attribute this approachability to there being fewer levels of bureaucratic
hierarchy at the state level.

   6.

 Revenue from Animal Byproducts

 In addition to the added relative costs that small processing facilities face
in comparison to larger facilities, large facilities are able to tap into a
revenue-generating source that most small processors cannot. Due to the
considerable throughput at large- scale commodity processing plants, these
plants are able to exploit the large volume of animal byproducts left following
slaughter and processing. n205 Large-scale processors can earn most - and at
times all - of their net revenue from the sale of animal byproducts. n206 There
are edible and non-edible animal byproducts (known as offal), such as hides,
skins, blood, fats, bones, and innards. n207 This is a considerable amount of
material: offal constitutes about 30% of the live weight of hogs and 44% of the
live weight of cattle. n208

   Although demand for edible animal byproducts is insignificant in the United
States, a robust and expanding market for these products exists overseas. n209
Through the sheer scale of production, large processing facilities have been
able to exploit an international demand for animal byproducts. n210 Companies
like Smithfield Foods and Cargill have established trading relationships with
Asian countries to transform processing wastes into a valuable commodity. n211

   Without the processing scale of larger plants, smaller plants are unable to
take advantage of this demand. While niche demand for some animal byproducts may
exist regionally, most small processors either throw away their offal or have a
rendering company pick it up  [*375]  to use in dog and animal feed. n212 Some
rendering companies charge small facilities for pickup, whereas large
slaughterhouses are usually paid for their offal. n213 Consolidation of the
offal market exacerbates the difficulties small processors face; the large
rendering companies do not need to compete for small processors' waste products,
and few small or regional companies exist to fill that niche. n214 From both an
environmental and economic perspective, utilization of the whole animal is
critical to minimizing waste and expanding revenue. Without access to this
revenue stream, small processors are decidedly disadvantaged when compared to
their larger counterparts. n215

   7.

 Access to Capital

 A final area of concern for processors is the lack of access to capital to
expand existing facilities and build new ones. A number of small North Carolina
processors note that their businesses have sufficient throughput to warrant
expansion. However, these companies have found it difficult to increase capacity
due to lack of capital. Expanding a slaughter and processing facility can cost
hundreds of thousands of dollars. n216 Most processing operations cannot be
expected to have adequate capital on hand to finance these kinds of projects;
facilities must enter capital markets to find loans at competitive rates or else
apply for state or federal grant funding.

   Due to the financially risky nature of slaughter and processing centers,
private financers may be unwilling to finance expansion projects and so business
owners may be unable to find loans with competitive rates. Multiple existing
state and federal programs are available to provide financial support for new
and expanding facilities, n217 but interviews with small processors in North
Carolina  [*376]  indicate that many processors there were unaware that these
grants existed or felt incapable of accessing them.

   One major complaint from processors about existing grant programs is that
many of them are directed towards new processing facilities instead of existing
ones. According to processors, existing facilities with proven track records and
successful business models seeking to expand and increase capacity are often
overlooked. Instead, most grant programs are tailored towards riskier new
operations without proven success. By opening funding opportunities to both new
and existing facilities, grant programs may be more successful in expanding
farmer access to slaughter and processing facilities.

   C.

 Wholesale Purchasers n218

 After processing, meat can be sold either directly to the consumer or to
wholesale purchasers. n219 Direct- to-consumer sales, while important in the
local meat system, have simpler distribution channels and are beyond the scope
of this article. This article focuses on wholesale purchasers, which includes
retail sellers (such as grocery stores and butcher shops) as well as restaurants
and food service providers.

   1.

 Quality and Consistency of Supply

 Small, local farmers are at a comparative disadvantage when trying to sell
their products to wholesale purchasers. Wholesale purchasers are businesses with
institutional needs regarding their product supply, some of which can be
difficult to meet through local supply chains. n220 In particular, many that
were interviewed tend to look for a steady supply of consistently adequate
quality that can be  [*377]  traced back to the farm or group of farms from
which it came. n221

   One way for purchasers to ensure consistent supply without incurring
excessive transaction costs is to do most of their business with one or two
large local farms, rather than many small farmers. For example, one North
Carolina butcher's shop sources beef from two farms and uses an aggregator n222
as a back-up if output from those farms falls short. This approach can be
challenging in locations where most local farms are small-scale or several local
buyers are vying for the same few large suppliers.

   One North Carolina restaurant that tried sourcing directly from farmers found
that it would have to hire another full-time employee to manage all the
transactions required to get the necessary quantity of meat from small-scale
farmers. This arrangement was cost- prohibitive, so the restaurant now works
with a local food hub that can ensure a steady supply by aggregating products
from approximately twenty beef farmers. The restaurateur interviewed for this
article noted that beef supply can be especially difficult to schedule in a
business's start-up phase because pasture-raised beef cattle have a two-year
growth cycle and small-scale growers are unlikely to have started growing cattle
without an idea of where they would be sold.

   All the wholesale purchasers interviewed indicated that local poultry
sourcing presents greater difficulty in central North Carolina than local beef
or pork. Several farmers reported scaling back or ending their poultry
operations because of the lack of local poultry processing. Consequently, some
local foods restaurants offer no poultry products on the menu at all. They also
noted that consumer expectations are a greater barrier for poultry than for
other meat, observing that consumers are not accustomed to the meat qualities
that outdoor poultry farming produces (i.e., tougher meat) and are less willing
to pay a premium for local chicken than for local steak.

   A second consistency challenge for retailers arises when insufficient
processing capacity creates a bottleneck at the slaughterhouse. When farmers
must schedule slaughter appointments six weeks in advance, they lack flexibility
to increase supply on short notice for wholesale purchasers.

   In North Carolina, wholesale purchasers of local meat are willing  [*378]  to
pay a premium over commodity meat, partly because of its perceived higher
quality. But purchasers may have difficulty obtaining consistent supplies of
high-quality products through local meat distribution channels. Retail sellers
need quality cuts, in correct quantities, from the processors that supply them.
As previously discussed, creating specialty cuts requires skilled butchers, and
high-end buyers may struggle to find desired cuts from processors with
insufficient skilled labor. n223 The particular cuts that chefs may want are not
always those that processors know how to make. n224

   2.

 Whole Animal Utilization

 Ensuring 100% utilization of edible carcass parts is one of the biggest
challenges to purveyors of local meat. Because processors in the local,
fee-for-service business generally do not sell offal, the local meat production
process must be profitable for both farmers and processors based exclusively on
meat sales.

   Costs can be brought back down through efficient utilization of the whole
animal, using both highly sought and less desirable cuts. For example, one North
Carolina grocery store cuts costs by buying whole beef carcasses and breaking
them down in their own facilities. n225 These cost savings are particularly
important for local, grass-fed beef that already retails at comparatively high
prices.

   Wholesale purchasers buying whole animals or primal cuts n226 must be able to
sell all of the animal parts, in the relative quantities in which they come on
the carcass (e.g., 185 pounds of ground beef for every 85 pounds of round roasts
and steaks). n227 A farm-to-table restaurant may address this challenge by
including less familiar items on its menu, recognizing the importance of whole
animal utilization to both farm-to-table ideals and the business's bottom line.
An alternative to whole carcass utilization in-house is to partner with another
buyer who can use or dispose of complementary cuts. For instance, a five-star
restaurant using top quality cuts might buy beef in partnership with a burger
joint that could grind beef from lower  [*379]  quality cuts.

   3.

 Regulatory Challenges

 Overall, wholesale purchasers did not identify regulatory barriers as
significant hurdles for their businesses. However, the size and maturity of a
region's local meat system may affect the level of regulatory burden it faces.
One North Carolina restaurateur does not see regulation as a significant
constraint on his current business, but describes having experienced more
significant regulatory hurdles in the past when the local meat market first took
hold in his region. Because pasture-raised cattle take longer to grow to market
weight, they are much older at slaughter than grain-fed animals. USDA inspectors
accustomed to inspecting six-month-old animals were unacquainted with the normal
appearance of meat and bones in two-year-old animals, prompting them to order
additional testing on perfectly safe meat. The additional testing interrupted
the meat supply to his restaurant, which had been marketed extensively as using
only pasture- raised beef. Once the inspectors grew familiar with the appearance
of grass-fed beef, this problem subsided.

   USDA grading can also be a challenge for pasture- raised beef. Because
grass-fed meat is not as fatty as grain-fed, it may lack the necessary marbling
to be labeled "USDA prime." One restaurant no longer gets its beef USDA graded
because, in their opinion, the quality of their meat is not accurately reflected
in a grading system designed for feedlot-finished animals.

   One large-scale food services provider in North Carolina identifies a
self-imposed business practice, rather than a regulatory requirement, as a key
barrier to sourcing meat from small farmers. The company requires its vendors at
every stage (both farmers and processors) to carry indemnification policies of
at least $ 3 million. They recognize that for many small-scale operators, that
requirement proves an insurmountable hurdle for doing business with their
company.

   Wholesale purchasers' concerns with local meat procurement mainly revolve
around ensuring a steady and consistent supply of high-quality cuts of meat at
prices consumers are willing to pay. Regulatory burdens may affect some
purchasers, but are generally secondary to market challenges and sometimes to
the constraints of purchasers' own internal business practices.

[*380]

   IV.

 Solutions The various barriers discussed above invite a variety of potential
solutions. These solutions include changing the nature of the relationship
between farmers and processors, such as switching to long-term contracts or
forming farmer cooperatives. Other solutions introduce new market actors, such
as aggregators or mobile slaughter units. Still others include making regulatory
changes that improve small processor competitiveness and bolster access to
capital for processors.

   A.

 Long-Term Contracts

 One approach to dealing with the current local meat production and processing
problem is to encourage small farmers to sign long-term production contracts
with small and independent slaughterhouses. By changing the current system from
fee-for-service transactions to contract relationships, processors and farmers
could increase the certainty of future supply and demand. Contracts would allow
a processor to slow or even eliminate the boom and bust cycles currently
prevalent in the industry. By controlling the arrival and number of animals,
processors can attempt to spread processing volume across multiple months,
thereby decreasing the negative effects of bust cycles.

   Multiyear contracts could also create anchor customers for small processing
facilities. Anchor customers would provide steady throughput for a facility over
multiple years, creating a more reliable yearly base supply of animals. n228
Although long-term contracts are not a necessary precondition for establishing
anchor customers, establishing a legal relationship could make the interaction
more dependable than relying on uncertain future demand. Farmers would gain in
this type of system by being assured of a processing slot and time, which would
reduce the uncertainty of scheduling.

   Multiyear contracts can provide processors with long-term demand projections,
easing concerns about future demand and throughput. They can improve processors'
understanding of their future costs and revenue, allowing them to better plan
future capital expenditures. They may also improve processors' access to capital
because processors could show potential financers reliable earnings projections
when seeking loans. It may also fix the shortage of  [*381]  butchers by
providing an incentive to the slaughterhouse to hire or train better butchers,
and to invest in the equipment needed to produce value- added cuts.

   B.

 Cooperatives

 Another option for easing market barriers to local slaughterhouse access could
be local and regional organization of farmers into cooperative societies. By
grouping local livestock producers that produce the same types of animals under
similar conditions, the combined group of farmers can collectively provide a
small slaughter and processing facility with consistent, year-round business.
Cooperation can come in the form of formal cooperatives that have a collective
brand name associated with the final processed product, or the relationship can
be much simpler and involve only information sharing among members. Regardless
of the setup, bringing multiple small farmers together allows farmers and
processors to address some of the issues of scale identified in this article.

   Grouping small farmers may allow all involved farmers to exploit economies of
scale. These arrangements also have the potential to open up new revenue sources
for livestock producers. For example, farmers in a cooperative may be able to
benefit from the collection and sale of edible offal at a larger scale.
Individual farmers struggle to sell their small quantities of offal such as
liver or tripe; however, if all of the small farmers in an area were aggregated,
they might be able to collectively tap into larger markets, such as restaurants,
where they could offer edible organs in quantities large enough that a
restaurant could include them as a menu offering. n229

   Processors would also gain from farmer cooperation by decreasing costs and
increasing efficiency. When cooperatives can bring larger batches of animals of
a uniform size, a facility may increase efficiency by using the same cutting
equipment and procedures for the batch. n230 Cooperatives can provide a
processing facility with the steady and predictable throughput needed to ensure
financial stability. Cooperatives, which may act as anchor customers, can
provide the financial security to keep and improve a skilled year- round
workforce, invest in facility and equipment upgrades, and provide the
value-added services that customers demand.

    [*382]  Cooperatives could potentially improve processing access for small
farmers by taking a financial stake in their local slaughter and processing
facilities. If a facility is unable to meet the aggregate demand for slaughter
and processing, a cooperative may be able to supply the necessary capital for
expansion so that its members' needs are met. By owning a piece of the
slaughterhouse, a cooperative may also have a greater say in the types of cuts,
value-added processing, or packaging offered at the facility.

   C.

 Aggregators and Food Hubs

 Many of the same economies of scale achieved through cooperation can also be
realized by introducing independent market actors who act as food hubs n231 or
aggregators. n232 They provide intermediary services, such as scheduling
slaughter to maintain consistent throughput and apportioning cuts of meat among
buyers to achieve whole animal utilization. They lessen the producers'
transportation burden by picking up the meat from processing facilities
themselves. Aggregators take over the role of marketing, both to retailers and
household consumers. Aggregators may also be good partners for long-term
contracts because they may be better able to guarantee stable throughput levels
via access to higher volumes. They also reduce the number of distinct labels
that a processor must use because they replace the labels of individual farms
with the aggregator's label. They simplify transactions with wholesale
purchasers who no longer have to manage relationships with multiple small farms.

   D.

 Mobile Slaughter Units

 Another potential option to overcome market and economic barriers to
slaughterhouse access for small farmers is through expanded use of Mobile
Slaughter Units (MSUs). n233 An MSU is a  [*383]  slaughter facility located in
a towable trailer rather than within a brick and mortar building. n234 MSUs are
similar to fixed- location plants in that they must comply with federal law;
however, they differ in that they can move to high-demand areas, while brick and
mortar plants cannot. In areas where increased processing capacity is needed,
they may face less opposition from communities than the creation of new
fixed-location facilities.

   Small farmers are beginning to utilize MSUs in some areas of the country as a
way to solve the local processing problem. n235 These MSUs are advantageous for
small farmers because the facility can come to the farmer's property, thereby
reducing steep transportation costs. They may fill gaps in the local processing
system, such as in North Carolina, where poultry processing is particularly hard
to come by. They may also create some marketing benefits. Small farmers may like
the idea of being able to tell their customers that their animals were
slaughtered on the farmer's property, and under his or her supervision. n236
This may allow the farmer to charge an increased premium or to establish a
better connection with consumers.

   MSUs are also beneficial for processors because they represent less financial
risk than larger, brick and mortar processing facilities. n237 MSUs are less
capital intensive than other forms of processing facilities n238 and can
minimize financial risk by physically going to a farmer's property when
throughput is low instead of waiting for the farmer to come to the facility.
They may also benefit from being able to bypass zoning restrictions that would
apply to brick and mortar facilities and from circumventing community opposition
to a stationary slaughterhouse.

   While there are clear advantages to mobile slaughterhouse operations, there
are increased burdens as well. For example, with an MSU, the transportation
costs are shifted from the farmer to the  [*384]  processor. n239 Therefore, the
MSU operator must increase his or her fees in order to recoup this loss. Also,
MSUs have limited capacity and can slaughter and minimally process only a
handful of animals in one day. n240 Typical small fixed-location slaughter
facilities are able to slaughter more animals in the course of a day than an
MSU, bringing their per-animal slaughter costs lower than those of MSUs due to
economies of scale and the ability to spread costs across a larger product
volume. n241

   MSU facilities can also operate for only two consecutive days before they
must offload the slaughtered carcasses. n242 While MSUs provide an alternative
means of slaughter, further butchering is required to process the meat into
consumer friendly cuts. n243 A farmer must then find a separate cut and wrap or
processing facility to receive the carcasses from the MSU. n244 This can be
problematic for all of the distance and access problems discussed in Part III.
Although MSUs may be part of a larger comprehensive solution to the
slaughterhouse access problem, they solve only part of the issue on their own.

   E.

 "Right-Sizing" of Regulations

 Developing scale-sensitive regulations is another potential solution to
barriers to entry in the local meat system. Regulations related to inspector
costs place a disproportionate burden on smaller processors, who cannot spread
those costs across as many animals as large-scale facilities can. Regulations
about scheduling inspection time make it more difficult for fee-for-service
facilities to accept inconsistent throughput or last-minute schedule changes.

   One possibility would be to offer exemptions for small-scale facilities -
some exemptions may be available that do not increase safety risks. These might
include safe actor exemptions that reduce reporting requirements for facilities
with exemplary safety records. Ideally, this would decrease processor labor
costs without sacrificing  [*385]  product safety.

   Another option to reduce the disparate burden of regulations upon small
processors would be to strengthen inspector oversight of large facilities, whose
products have a larger market reach with greater potential for widespread public
health implications. Their greater volumes and higher processing speeds may well
increase the risks of producing unsafe meat, potentially justifying such an
expansion. More research is needed to determine how plant size and line speed
might impact product safety.

   F.

 Access to Capital

 Expanding capacity or range of value-added services at processing facilities
can help both farmers and processors increase profits. However, processors who
wish to expand or add value- added processing to meet growing demand often face
capital constraints. If a processor does not have sufficient internal funds to
finance a facility expansion or upgrade, then it has to look elsewhere for
financing. Potential options include private loans and state and federal grant
and loan programs. As noted in Part III, financing is available from these
sources, but processors often have limited access to them. One reason for this
lack of access is a lack of information and processor awareness of funding
opportunities.

   One potential financing opportunity for existing processing facilities is Tax
Increment Financing. If a processor wishes to expand their facility, yet cannot
find suitable financing, then they may be able to enter into a Tax Increment
Financing agreement with the local government. In such an agreement, the local
government agrees to loan the facility money to pay for the expansion with the
expectation that the expansion will increase tax revenues generally over the
coming decade. n245 The facility will then pay off the loan through incremental
tax payments over the next decade or two. n246 In effect, this system allows the
local government to front the processor the money that it expects to receive in
the form of tax payments from the expansion.

   Other potential financing opportunities are available for new and existing
facilities. These may include business development grants, n247  [*386]
guaranteed loan programs, n248 financing assistance for energy efficiency
improvements, n249 or other business or rural development programs. n250 To
better access these programs, processors may need greater assistance from
cooperative extension agencies, small business development councils, and state
and local governments. Greater access to funding programs may enable processors
to expand their facilities, provide greater value-added processing, and hire
more skilled workers in the rapidly expanding local meat industry.

   V.

 Conclusion The local food movement creates new economic opportunities for rural
communities. North Carolina serves as a prime example, with many farmers
returning to more traditional farming practices and many new farmers entering
the market. However, the growth in production is insufficient to keep up with
consumer demand, and many farmers reference a lack of infrastructure to get
their products to market. To better understand the dynamics of the local meat
system, the Duke Environmental Law and Policy Clinic interviewed some of the
market players in North Carolina to hear their perspectives about barriers and
needs. While this research is ongoing, and is not assumed to represent
experiences and market dynamics in other parts of the country, what we learned
was surprising.

   For the most part, none of the market participants felt burdened by the
presence of regulations. To the contrary, they support regulation to ensure the
safety of their products and the welfare of their customers. There were,
however, concerns about inconsistent interpretation of those regulations,
especially by federal inspectors who were less familiar with meats produced on
pasture. In addition, small processors' concerns that federal inspectors
scrutinize them more closely than large processors may be true: federal
inspectors at small processing plants have considerably more time to examine the
[*387]  health of each animal before slaughter and the condition of the meat
before packaging. This raises concerns not about the quality of the meats
fabricated in small operations, but of what inspectors may be missing at larger
facilities that process significantly more animals at much faster speeds.

   Market barriers seem to be a bigger obstacle to meeting consumer demand. Even
small processing facilities require large capital investments, and loan officers
may be unfamiliar with the local food system and question the viability of
small-scale operations in the absence of available market comparisons. Small
business loan programs do not cater to existing processing facilities that want
to expand their operations. Although there are regulatory exemptions for on-farm
poultry processing, the equipment needed to process the animals is expensive and
unaffordable for many small farmers. Scale-appropriate software programs are
needed to help processors and farmers with scheduling and recordkeeping.
Delivery services could help to get final cuts back to the farmer, and
aggregators are needed to get edible and inedible offal to markets.

   These findings do not undermine the rightful role of government. To the
contrary, proportionate government action is necessary to address and resolve
these barriers: federal inspectors may require additional guidance and training,
and some regulations and reporting requirements could be modified for
small-scale processing facilities without compromising food safety; agricultural
agencies should make information about loans and grant programs more available
to small- scale market participants; training programs for butchers, as well as
business and financial management programs for packers and processors, are
needed; and state and federal lawmakers should reconsider longer-term tax
policies and federal subsidies that create unfair market advantages for
industrial-scale farms and processors.

   In addition, there is a strong role for local government action: many
communities need local food policy councils and infrastructure assessments;
vacant land can be made available for businesses that aim to address gaps in
infrastructure; public investment in cold storage and shared-use facilities
would address distribution issues with local food; and zoning modifications
could support emerging local markets and accommodate small-scale processing
operations or aggregation facilities in areas closer to farm production. n251

    [*388]  In sum, as the local food movement gains momentum and market share,
action is needed to ensure the availability of the products consumers demand at
prices that are affordable but provide a fair profit margin. Although consumer
demand exists and producers are interested in satisfying it, regulatory and
market barriers currently impede this process. Farmers and processors need to
communicate and collaborate more closely with one another and with their
communities to address their respective needs and to better serve those who want
to buy their products. Federal, state, and local governments each have critical
roles to play, as well, in creating new market opportunities by removing or
reducing the barriers discussed in this article. The solutions identified above
will benefit producers and consumers alike, and lead to a healthier, safer, more
efficient, and more sustainable food system for all.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Environmental LawWater QualityGeneral OverviewGovernmentsAgriculture &
FoodGeneral OverviewTortsStrict LiabilityHarm Caused by AnimalsGeneral Overview

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  U.S. Meat Production, Physicians For Soc. Responsibility,
http://www.psr.org/ chapters/oregon/safe-food/industrial-meat-system.html (last
visited Feb. 22, 2015).





n2.  Id.





n3.  See, e.g., Carrie R. Daniel et al., Trends in Meat Consumption in the
United States, 14 Pub. Health Nutrition 4, 575-83 (2010) (stating that there is
epidemiological evidence that red and processed meat consumption increases
cancer and chronic disease risk).





n4.  See generally Michelle Nowlin, Sustainable Production of Swine: Putting
Lipstick on a Pig? 37 Vt. L. Rev. 1079, (2013) [hereinafter Nowlin, Sustainable
Production] (discussing sustainability of concentrated animal feeding
operations); J.B. Ruhl, Farms, Their Environmental Harms, and Environmental Law,
27 Ecology L.Q. 263 (2000) (discussing the environmental harms of farms).





n5.  See, e.g., Census of Agriculture, Farmers Marketing 1 (2014) (noting that
"144,530 farms sold $ 1.3 billion in fresh edible agricultural products directly
to consumers in 2012"), available at
http://www.agcensus.usda.gov/Publications/2012/Online_Resources/
Highlights/Farmers_Marketing/Highlights_Farmer s_Marketing.pdf; see also Lauren
Gwin, Arion Thiboumery & Richard Stillman, Niche Meat Processor Assistance
Network, From Convenience To Commitment: Securing The Long-Term Viability Of
Local Meat And Poultry Processing 1 (2013), available at http://ir.library.
oregonstate.edu/xmlui/handle/1957/38213.





n6.  Lauren Gwin, Casey McKissik & Sarah Blacklin, NC Choices Technical
Assistance Training Manual: Advancing Local and Niche Meat Supply Chains 38
(2014), available at
http://ncchoices.ces.ncsu.edu/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/NC-Choices-Training-Man
ual- 11.3.14.pdf.





n7.  See e.g., David A. Taylor, Does One Size Fit All?: Small Farms and U.S.
Meat Regulations, 116 Envtl. Health Perspect. 12, A529 (2008) (noting that some
meat producers are having trouble keeping up with demand); see also Sarah A. Low
et al., U.S. Department of Agriculture, Trends in U.S. Local and Regional Food
Systems 13 (2015), available at http://www.ers.usda.gov/media/1763057/ap068.pdf.





n8.  While most slaughter facilities perform some form of primary processing
(e.g., cutting the carcass into halves or quarters), and some offer extensive
processing services, not all processing facilities perform slaughter. In this
article the term "processor" is used inclusively to cover both slaughterhouses
and processing facilities.





n9.  The number of live animals brought to a facility for processing per unit of
time.





n10.  The Duke Environmental Law and Policy Clinic at Duke Law School allows
students to work with clinic faculty and other legal professionals in
representing non-profits in a range of environmental law and policy issues.
Environmental Law and Policy Clinic, Duke University School of Law,
https://law.duke.edu/envlawpolicy/ (last visited Feb. 26, 2015).





n11.  The National Young Farmers Coalition is a membership organization
dedicated to representing, mobilizing, and engaging young and beginning farmers.
For more information about the Young Farmers Coalition see Young Farmers,
www.youngfarmers.org (last visited Feb. 26, 2015).





n12.  See Low, et al. supra note 7, at 13.





n13.  Conversely, however, studies show that small farmers with
direct-to-consumer sales have a greater chance of reporting positive sales than
those who use traditional market channels. Id.





n14.  Hannah M.M. Connor, The Industrialization of Animal Agriculture:
Connecting a Model With Its Impacts on the Environment, in Food, Agriculture and
Environmental Law, 66-68 (Mary Jane Angelo et al., eds.) (2013) (discussing
growth and consolidation in the livestock industry).





n15.  Tom Philpott, A Reflection on the Lasting Legacy of 1970s USDA Secretary
Earl Butz, Grist (Feb. 8, 2008, 1:31 AM),
http://grist.org/article/the-butz-stops-here/.





n16.  Id.





n17.  Id.; see also Michael Carlson, Earl Butz: US Politician Brought Down by
Racist Remark, The Guardian (Feb. 3, 2008),
http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2008/feb/ 04/usa.obituaries (explaining that
Nixon appointed Butz as Secretary of Agriculture "with a brief to make food
cheaper").





n18.  See 33 U.S.C. § 1362(14) (2012) (including concentrated animal feeding
operations (AFOs) under definition of point source); 40 C.F.R. § 122.23 (2012)
(defining CAFOs as a type of AFO); 40 C.F.R. pt. 412 (2012) (regulating CAFOs as
a point source category).





n19.  SeeAd Hoc Committee on Air Emissions from Animal Feeding Operations et
al., Nat'l Research Council Of The Nat'l Academies 16 (2003) (explaining that
between "1982 and 1997, the number of animal feeding operations in the United
States decreased by 51%, while livestock production increased 10%" (internal
citations omitted)), available at http://www.nap.edu/catalog/10586.html. See
generally Pew Comm'n on Indus. Farm Animal Prod., Putting Meat on the Table:
Industrial Farm Animal Production in America (2010)
http://www.ncifap.org/_images/PCIFAPFin.pdf; James MacDonald & William D.
McBride, Economic Research Service, U.S. Dept. of Agric., Econ. Info. Bull. No.
43, The Transformation of U.S. Livestock Agriculture: Scale, Efficiency, and
Risks (2009), available at
http://www.ers.usda.gov/publications/eib-economic-information-bulletin/eib43.asp
x (discussing a shift to larger and more specialized farms).





n20.  Nat'l Agric. Statistics Service, U.S. Dept. of Agric., USDA Statistical
Bull. No. 1021, Livestock Operations Final Estimates 2003-2007 (2009); Nat'l
Agric. Statistics Service, U.S. Dept. of Agric., Statistical Bull. No 1002,
Livestock Operations Final Estimates 1999-2002 (2004) (stating that number of
mid-sized operations - those raising between 500-999 animals - declined by more
than 60%, while the largest operations - those with more than 5,000 animals -
increased by approximately 50%).





n21.  MacDonald & McBride, supra note 19, at 3.





n22.  See generally Smithfield, 2013 Integrated Report (2013), available at
http://smithfieldfoods.com/media/39114/smithfield-integrated-report2013.pdf.
Smithfield's wholly-owned subsidiary, Murphy-Brown, produces more than sixteen
million hogs per year for slaughter and processing at Smithfield's facilities.
Id.at 16. Annually, this accounts for approximately 53% of the hogs Smithfield
processes. Id.





n23.  See Rachel J. Johnson, Daniel L. Marti & Lauren Gwin, U.S. Dep't. of
Agric., Slaughter and Processing Options and Issues for Locally Sourced Meat
8-13 (2012), available at
http://www.ers.usda.gov/publications/ldpm-livestock,-dairy,-and-poultry-outlook/
ldpm216-01.aspx (the majority of cattle and hogs are slaughtered and processed
in large industrial plants).





n24.  SeeFood & Water Watch, Where's the Local Beef? Rebuilding Small-Scale Meat
Processing Infrastructure 3 (2009), available at http://www.foodand
waterwatch.org/tools-and-resources/wheres-the-local-beef/ (recounting that
between 1998 and 2007, the number of government-inspected slaughter facilities
fell by more than 20%); see also Low et al., supra note 7, at 23 (citing USDA
NASS data showing that the number of small federally inspected cattle slaughter
plants slaughtering under 10,000 head per year has declined by 12% since 2001,
dropping to 554 in 2013).





n25.  James M. MacDonald et al., Food & Rural Econ. Div., Econ. Research Serv.,
U.S. Dep't. of Agric., Agric. Econ. Report No. 785, Consolidation in U.S.
Meatpacking 37 (1999), available at
http://www.ers.usda.gov/media/493235/aer785_1_.pdf. For example, according to
USDA NASS data, 8.6 billion chickens were slaughtered in the U.S. in 2013. Low
et al., supra note 7, at 23, n.26. The numbers for cattle are smaller simply
because the animals are so much larger. Nonetheless, "ninety-four percent of
cattle slaughtered in 2013 were processed in facilities that slaughtered at
least 100,000 cattle during the year." Id.; see also Johnson, Marti & Gwin,
supra note 23, at 7-8, 12 (noting that size of slaughterhouses has increased as
overall number of slaughter plants has decreased in recent years).





n26.  See 9 C.F.R. § 310.1 (2012) (stating that for 390 steers, it takes 13
inspectors; for 1106 hogs, it takes 7 inspectors).





n27.  9 C.F.R. § 381.67 (2012); see also 9 C.F.R. § 310.1(b)(1) (2012).





n28.  For example, the Smithfield Foods Packing Plant in Tarheel, N.C.
slaughters up to 36,000 market hogs each day. Nat'l Pollutant Discharge
Elimination System, Envt'l Prot. Agency, Fact Sheet for NPDES Permit Development
(NPDES Permit No. NC0078344) (2007).





n29.  Mary Hendrickson & William Heffernan, University of Missouri,
Concentration of Agricultural Markets 1-2 (2007), available at http://www.food
circles.missouri.edu/07contable.pdf; see also Johnson, Marti & Gwin, supra note
23, at 10-11 (discussing plant size and slaughter volume).





n30.  Michelle Nowlin, Food Working Group Speaker Series, Session #5 (Apr. 23,
2014) (transcript available at
https://ssri.duke.edu/sites/ssri.duke.edu/files/pictures/
Nowlin_MeetingMinutes.pdf).





n31.  Cargill Meat Solutions, Cargill, http://www.cargill.com/company/
businesses/cargill-meat-solutions/index.jsp; see also Hendrickson & Heffernan,
supra note 29, at 2.





n32.  Id. at 1-2.





n33.  See MacDonald & McBride, supra note 19, at 2 (remarking that today's
livestock farms are increasingly producing under contract arrangements).





n34.  Id.at 5.





n35.  See Id. at 5-12 (discussing contractual relationships in livestock
production).





n36.  See id. (discussing contractual relationships in livestock production).





n37.  Id. at 2. Typically, a grower is not paid for animals that die on the
farm.





n38.  Id. at 1.





n39.  See Nowlin, Sustainable Production supra note 4, at 1100 (citing Eleanor
Starmer & Timothy Wise, Tufts Univ. Global Dev. and Env't Inst., Feeding at the
Trough: Industrial Livestock Firms Saved $ 35 Billion from Low Feed Prices 1
(2007), available at
http://www.ase.tufts.edu/gdae/Pubs/rp/PB07-03FeedingAtTroughDec07.pdf ("The cost
of feed is the largest component of food animal production ... . Underpriced
feed allows large meat companies to undercut smaller, diversified and more
sustainable farmers.").





n40.  See id.





n41.  See MacDonald et al., supra note 25, at 1 (discussing how changes in
technology changed economies of scale).





n42.  See Feeding the Factory Farm, Tufts Univ. Global Dev. and Env't Inst.,
http://ase.tufts.edu/gdae/policy_research/BroilerGain s.htm (last visited Feb.
25, 2015) (discussing the impact federal regulations had on industrial livestock
operators).





n43.  Id.; see also Pew Commission on Industrial Farm Animal Production supra
note 19 (discussing a change from smaller farms to larger industrial livestock
operations); but SeeMacDonald & McBride, supra note 19, at 21 (disputing that
structural changes in the livestock industry cannot be attributed to the effects
of commodity programs).





n44.  Adam Diamond & James Barham, U.S. Dept. of Agric., Agric. Mktg Serv.,
Moving Food Along the Value Chain: Innovations in Regional Food Distribution 3
(2012), available at http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/getfile?dDocName=STELPRDC
5097957.





n45.  See Johnson, Marti & Gwin, supra note 23, at 4 (noting the market share of
alternatively produced livestock is increasing).





n46.  See Steve Martinez et al., U.S. Dept. of Agric., Econ. Research Serv.,
Economic Research Report No. 97, Local Food Systems: Concepts, Impacts, and
Issues 12-17 (2012), available at
http://www.ers.usda.gov/media/122868/err97_1_.pdf (discussing a growth in sales
of local produce); Johnson, Marti & Gwin, supra note 23, at 4.





n47.  There were 8,268 farmers' markets operating in 2014, a 180% increase from
2006. Low et al., supra note 7, at 1.





n48.  Id. at 23; Johnson, Marti & Gwin, supra note 23, at 12.





n49.  See Martinez et al., supra note 46, at iii (obesrving there is no
consensus as to what defines a locally produced food).





n50.  H.R. Rep. No. 110-256, pt. 1, at 399-400 (2007) ("The term "locally or
regionally produced agricultural food product' means any agricultural food
product that is raised, produced, and distributed in (I) the locality or region
in which the final product is marketed, so that the total distance that the
product is transported is less than 400 miles from the origin of the product; or
(II) the State in which the product is produced.").





n51.  See, e.g., What is Local?, Purple Porch Co-op, http://www.purpleporch
coop.com/what-is-local (last visited Feb. 25, 2015) (limiting products to a
60-mile radius in order to reduce the food miles of the products it sells);
Durham Farmers' Market, http://www.durhamfarmersmarket.com (last visited Feb.
25, 2015) (requiring vendors to reside and produce their products within a
70-mile radius of the city limits); Frequently Asked Questions, Saint Michael's
Market, http://www.saintmichaelsmarket.com/about-us/faq/ (last visited Feb. 25,
2015) (limiting vendors to those within a 150-mile radius of the city).





n52.  Martinez et al., supra note 46, at 29-31 (discussing consumer preferences
for locally produced foods).





n53.  See id. (noting that consumers perceive locally produced foods to be
fresher and of higher quality than processed foods).





n54.  Id.at 4, 32 (noting that consumers consider local foods to be
environmentally sustainable).





n55.  Low et al., supra note 7, at 30; Martinez et al., supra note 46, at 29;
Adam Diamond & James Barham, Money and Mission: Moving Food with Value and
Values 1,4 J. Agric. Food Sys. & Cmty. Dev. 101, 110-12 (2011), available at
http://dx.doi.org/10.5304/jafscd.2011.014.013 (discussing importance of consumer
identification with producer); Judith D. Schwartz, Buying Local: How it Boosts
the Economy, Time (June 11, 2009), available at http://content.time.com/time/
business/article/0,8599,1903632 ,00.html (discussing reasons why consumers buy
locally); Agriculture Innovations, LLC, Growing Healthy Food: An Economic
Development Strategy for North-Central North Carolina 30 (2010) (document on
file with author).





n56.  See generally Yoko Onozaka et al., Local Food Consumers: How Motivations
and Perceptions Translate to Buying Behavior, Choices (2010), available at
http://www.farmdoc.illinois.edu/policy/choices/20101/20 10103/2010103.pdf
(explaining that "the wide spread differentiation of food offerings and venues
has allowed consumers to more carefully search out attributes that are important
to them").





n57.  See generally Joel Salatin, Everything I Want to Do is Illegal: War
Stories from the Local Food Front (2007); About, Animal Welfare Approved,
http://animalwelfareapproved.org/about (last visited Feb. 25, 2015).





n58.  Iwao Koizumi, Yoshihiko Suzuki, & J.J. Kaneko, Studies on the Fatty Acid
Composition of Intramuscular Lipids of Cattle, Pigs and Birds, 37 J. Nutrition
Sci. Vitaminology 545, 545 (1991).





n59.  See, e.g., Ellen K. Silbergeld et al., One Reservoir: Redefining the
Community Origins of Antimicrobial-Resistant Infections, 92 Med. Clin. N. Am.
1391, 1402-03 (2008) (concluding that antimicrobial use in food contributes to
microbial resistance in humans); Amy R. Sapkota et al., What Do We Feed to Food
Production Animals? A Review of Animal Feed Ingredients and Their Potential
Impacts on Human Health, 115 Environ. Health Perspect. 663, 668 (2007),
available at http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC1867957/ (concluding
that use of antibiotics in animals which are consumed could lead to bacterial
resistance of antibiotics in humans); Leah Schinasi et al., Air Pollution, Lung
Function, and Physical Symptoms in Communities Near Concentrated Swine Feeding
Operations, 22 Epidemiology 208, 214 (2011) (concluding that human exposure to
air pollutants near hog operations causes acute physical symptoms); see also
MacDonald & McBride, supra note 19, at 2, 29-35 (discussing link between use of
antibiotics in animals that are later killed for human consumption).





n60.  For more information about the environmental impacts of industrial-scale
meat production, see Nowlin, Sustainable Production, supra note 4; see also J.B.
Ruhl, supra note 4; see also MacDonald & McBride, supra note 19, at 29-33.





n61.  For example, the National Organic Standards Board's Livestock Subcommittee
recommends an outdoor stocking rate of at least one half acre of pasture per
1,000 lb. ruminant animal unit. Nat'l Organic Standards Bd., Livestock Com.,
Recommendation, Animal Welfare 5 (2009), available at
http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/ getfile?dDocName=STELPRDC5079545&acct=nosb.
Some small-scale hog farmers interviewed for this article recommend a range of
6-10 hogs per acre, depending on size and age, and only 4-6 pregnant sows per
acre. See generally MacDonald & McBride, supra note 19, at 28 (discussing manure
application in livestock operations).





n62.  Mixed Crop-Livestock Farming: Characterization of Mixed Farms, Food &
Agric. Org. of the U.N. Agric. & Consumer Prot. Dep't (2001),
http://www.fao.org/docrep/004/Y0501E/y0501e03.htm ("The best known type of
integrated mixed farming is probably the case of mixed crop-livestock systems.
Cropping in this case provides animals with fodder from grass and
nitrogen-binding legumes, leys (improved fallow with sown legumes, grasses or
trees), weeds, and crop residues. Animals graze under trees or on stubble, they
provide draught and manure for crops, while they also serve as a savings
account.").





n63.  See N.C. Choices, Why Start a Local Meat Buying Club? (2012), available at
http://wake.ces.ncsu.edu/wp-content/uploads/2012/08/Meat-Buying-Club.pdf;
Nicolette Hahn Niman, The Carnivore's Dilemma, N.Y. Times (Oct. 3, 2009); see
also Ne. Reg'l Ass'n of State Agric. Experiment, Science Roadmap for Food and
Agriculture 74 (2010), available at
www.nera.umd.edu/landGrant/papers/ScienceRoadmapDraftJuly201 0.doc (statement by
U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsak: "... by reconnecting consumers with
local producers, we can create new income opportunities for farmers ... and
decrease the amount of energy used to ship all over the world ... .").





n64.  Making Local Food Part of Your Holiday Traditions, Triangle Land
Conservancy,
http://www.triangleland.org/blog/entry/making-local-food-part-of-your-holiday-tr
aditions (last visited Mar. 31, 2015). See generally, American Farmland Trust,
www.farmland.org.





n65.  Many farmers interviewed for this article felt this way. In addition, see
generally Building the Capacity of Small Meat Processors: Successes and Lessons
from N.C., NC Choices and Niche Meat Processor Assistance Network Webinar (Jan.
7, 2015), https://learn.extension.org/events/1874#.VPhgkU1ASUk.





n66.  Products with an Animal Welfare Approved label must be raised on pasture
or range. See Standards, Animal Welfare Approved,
http://animalwelfareapproved.org/standards/ (stating that the "Animal Welfare
Approved" label is the only label that requires that animals have pasture
access).





n67.  7 C.F.R. § 205 (2012).





n68.  Of course, consumers must pay close attention to these claims, many of
which have no set regulatory definition and remain subject to interpretation.
For example, the term "free range" is defined by USDA, but is applicable only to
poultry, and merely requires that the birds have access to outdoors. See USDA
Food Safety and Inspection Serv., Meat and Poultry Labeling Terms (2014),
available at http://www.fsis.usda.gov/
wps/portal/fsis/topics/food-safety-education/get-answers/food-safety-fact-sheets
/food- labeling/
meat-and-poultry-labeling-terms/meat-and-poultry-labeling-terms. The
USDA-sanctioned "grass-fed" label allows animals to be fed cereal grains (but
only in the vegetative state), and allows for confinement of those animals. 72
Fed. Reg. 58,631, 58,631-37 (Oct. 16, 2007). By contrast, the American Grassfed
Association label requires that animals have a diet exclusively of grass and
forage and that these animals are raised on pasture, never confined. See Our
Standards, American Grassfed Association,
http://www.americangrassfed.org/about-us/our-standards/ (last visited May 15,
2015).





n69.  21 U.S.C. §§601 et seq. (2012).





n70.  21 U.S.C. §§603, 604. "Amenable species" is defined in the statute to
include species to which FMIA applied before a 2005 amendment ("cattle, sheep,
swine, goats, horses, mules, and other equines," Pub. L. No. 109-97 (2005)),
catfish, and "any additional species of livestock that the Secretary considers
appropriate." 21 U.S.C. § 601(w). Although not every species slaughtered for
human consumption must undergo inspection (e.g. wild game are exempt), each
individual animal from the "amenable species" must be inspected.





n71.  USA Food Safety & Inspection Serv., Celebrating 100 Years of FMIA,
http://www.fsis.usda.gov/wps/wcm/connect/fsis-content/fsis-questionable-content/
celebrating-100-years-of- fmia/overview/ct_index? [hereinafter FSIS].





n72.  Id.





n73.  Id.





n74.  21 U.S.C. § 451 (1957).





n75.  SeeFSIS, supra note 71.





n76.  21 U.S.C. §§603-604 (1907) (amended 1967).





n77.  21 U.S.C. §§679c, 683.





n78.  21 U.S.C. §§683, 691-695.





n79.  21 U.S.C. §§603-604.





n80.  21 U.S.C. §§604, 606; 9 C.F.R. § 381.145 (2012); 9 C.F.R. § 325.11 (2012).





n81.  21 U.S.C. §§604, 606, 671; 9 C.F.R. §§500.3-500.4 (2012)





n82.  21 U.S.C. § 604.





n83.  21 U.S.C. § 607(c); 9 C.F.R. §§317.1-17.2 (2012).





n84.  21 U.S.C. § 623(a); 9 C.F.R. § 303.1(a) (2012).





n85.  21 U.S.C. § 623(a); 9 C.F.R. § 303.1 (2012).





n86.  21 U.S.C. § 623(a).





n87.  9 C.F.R. § 381.10(a)(6) (2012).





n88.  Rachel J. Johnson et al., U.S. Dep't. of Agric. Econ. Research Serv.
Slaughter and Processing Options and Issues for Locally-Sourced Meat 3-7 (2012),
available at http://www.ers.usda.gov/media/820188/ldpm216-01.pdf (discussing the
differences among various types meat processing plants). See generally Lauren
Gwin et al., USDA Econ. Research Serv., Local Meat and Poultry Processing: The
Importance of Business Commitments for Long-Term Viability, Economic Research
Report No. ERR-150 (2013).





n89.  9 C.F.R. § 424 (2012).





n90.  21 U.S.C. § 606(a) (1907) (amended 2008).





n91.  9 C.F.R. § 417 (2012). In 1996, FSIS adopted regulations requiring all
meat and poultry slaughter and processing plants to adopt a "Hazard Assessment
and Critical Control Point" (HACCP) system to reduce food safety hazards. Id.
The HACCP model requires the plant operator to identify the points, steps, or
procedures in which risks of contamination are likely to occur, and then adopt
controls or protocols to prevent or reduce those risks at that point in the
process. Id. The HACCP rule has four components: standard operating procedures
(SOPs) for sanitation, HACCP plans, generic E. coli testing, and Salmonella
performance standards. See 9 C.F.R. § 417.1 (2012).





n92.  9 C.F.R. § 307.4(a) (2012).





n93.  For example, in 2010, 98% of all cattle and 99% of all pork were
slaughtered at FI facilities. USDA Nat'l Agric. Stat. Serv., Livestock Slaughter
2010 Summary 6 (2011).





n94.  Gwin et al., supra note 88, at 1.





n95.  21 U.S.C. § 661(a) (2012).





n96.  Id.





n97.  Rachel J. Johnson et al., U.S. Dep't. of Agric. Econ. Research Serv.
Slaughter and Processing Options and Issues for Locally-Sourced Meat 5 (2012),
available at http://www.ers.usda.gov/media/820188/ldpm216-01.pdf.





n98.  Id.





n99.  Id.





n100.  Id.





n101.  Id. at 5.





n102.  See also Ron McKay, USDA Rural Dev. & Oregon State Univ., State Meat
Inspection Program Implementation Study 16 (2008), available at
http://fic.oregonstate.edu/sites/default/files/mcKay_ finalcdcleanA.pdf.





n103.  Meat and Poultry Inspection, North Carolina Dep't. of Agric. and Consumer
Services, http://www.ncagr.gov/meatpoultry/plant_def.htm (last visited Mar. 31,
2015).





n104.  Johnson et al., supra note 97, at 5.





n105.  21 U.S.C. §§604, 606, 671 (2012); see also 9 C.F.R.§§500.3, 500.4 (2012)
(discussing inspection authorization).





n106.  The nine participating states are: Alabama, Georgia, Illinois,
Mississippi, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Texas, Utah, and Virginia. Extension,
http://www.extension.org
/pages/44457/what-are-the-nine-states-that-have-talmadge-aiken-plants#.VQs8drPF8
mU (last visited Apr. 3, 2015).





n107.  Id.





n108.  21 U.S.C. § 623 (2012). Similar restrictions exist for poultry, although
the PPIA also exempts the on-farm slaughter and processing of up to 20,000 birds
per year from inspection requirements and from prohibitions on commercial sale.
9 C.F.R. § 381.10(a)(6) (2012).





n109.  21 U.S.C. § 623(a) (2012).





n110.  Slaughtering, Cutting, and Processing, Cornell Univ. (July 7, 2012),
http://smallfarms.cornell.edu/2012/07/07/slaughtering-cutting-and-processing/.





n111.  SeeGwin et al., supra note 88, at 4, 6 n.6 (describing steps involved for
typical local meat processing and the federal regulations through which products
must pass).





n112.  9 C.F.R. § 303.1(a)(2) (2012).





n113.  Johnson et al., supra note 97, at 7.





n114.  21 U.S.C. § 642 (regarding recordkeeping procedures).





n115.  See 9 C.F.R. § 303.1(a)(2) (2012) (exempting custom slaughter that is
used exclusively by owner, his or her household, and non-paying guests).





n116.  21 U.S.C. § 683 (2012).





n117.  Cooperative Interstate Meat and Poultry Shipment Program, Nat'l
Sustainable Agric. Coal. (Nov. 2014), available at
http://sustainableagriculture.net/
publications/grassrootsguide/local-food-systems-rural-development/interstate-shi
pment-of-state-inspected-meat/ [hereinafter Cooperative Interstate]; see also
Cooperative Interstate Shipment Program, USDA FSIS (June 2, 2015),
http://www.fsis.usda.gov/wps/
portal/fsis/topics/inspection/state-inspection-programs/cis.





n118.  Cooperative Interstate, supra note 117. The twenty-seven states with
state inspection programs are Alabama, Arizona, Delaware, Georgia (meat only),
Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Louisiana, Maine, Minnesota, Mississippi,
Missouri, Montana, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, South Carolina,
South Dakota (meat only), Texas, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, West Virginia,
Wisconsin, and Wyoming. FSIS, States Operating Their Own MPI Programs, USDA
FSIS, http://www.fsis.usda.gov/wps/portal/fsis/topics/inspect
ion/state-inspection-programs/state-inspection-and-cooperative-agreements/states
-operating-their-own-mpi- programs (last visited Mar. 31, 2015).





n119.  Cooperative Interstate, supra note 117.





n120.  Id.





n121.  Id. The four participating states are Indiana, North Dakota, Ohio, and
Wisconsin.





n122.  Cooperative Interstate Shipment (CIS) Establishments, Nat'l Sustainable
Agric. Coal. (Jan. 6, 2015),
http://www.fsis.usda.gov/wps/portal/fsis/topics/inspection/s
tate-inspection-programs/cis/CIS-Establishments.





n123.  For additional perspective, SeeGwin et al., supra note 88, at 5, 9-10.





n124.  Id. at 5.





n125.  Id. at 25-26.





n126.  The surveyed sources in this section include several meat processors and
farmers from North Carolina, as well as businesses involved in North Carolina's
local meat industry. Additional information related to these interviews is on
file with the lead author.





n127.  E.g., Gwin et al, at iv.





n128.  See generally Inst. of Food Technologies, Product Tracing in Food
Systems: Executive Summary, available at
http://www.ift.org/knowledge-center/focus-areas/food-safety-and-
defense/[#x7E]/media/Knowledge%20Center/Focus%20Areas/Tracea
bility/ExecutiveSummary.pdf (last visited Apr. 1, 2015).





n129.  E.g., Gwin et al., supra note 88, at iv.





n130.  Additionally, see Agriculture Innovations, LLC, supra note 55, at 36, 47,
which notes that there is only one USDA-inspected poultry processing facility
serving small, independent farmers in North Carolina.





n131.  Phillip G. Chambers & Temple Grandin, Transport of Livestock, in
Guidelines for Humane Handling, Transport and Slaughter of Livestock (Gunter
Heinz & Thinnarat Srisuvan eds., 2001), available at
http://www.fao.org/docrep/003/x6909e/
x6909e08.htm#CHAPTER%206%20Transport%20of%20livestock.





n132.  See generally Pew Comm'n on Indus. Farm Animal Prod., supra note 19.





n133.  Gwin et al., supra note 88, at 18, confirm this by providing an example
of a small fee-for-service operation.





n134.  E. coli inspections (except for meat that is deboned while still hot) are
performed on chilled carcasses requiring the meat to remain in the processing
facility until fully cooled and inspected. 9 C.F.R. § 310.25 (1996). Poultry
that is not immediately cooked or frozen must be chilled to 40 degrees
Fahrenheit within a timeframe specified by regulation, but ranging from four to
eight hours. 9 C.F.R. § 381.66 (2004).





n135.  F. J. Bowater, Rapid Carcass Chilling Plants Compared to Conventional
Systems, Int. Journal of Refrigeration 3, available at
http://www.fjb.co.uk/wp-content/themes/
fjb/publications/Rapid%20Carcass%20Chilling%20vs%20Conventio nal.pdf.





n136.  Susan J. Mellage, Frequently Asked Questions about Processing and
Marketing Beef, Pork, Lamb, and Goat Meats In North Carolina and South Carolina
10 (2006), available at http://www.ncagr.gov/meatpoultry/pdf/FAQ_Marketing.pd f;
Arion Thiboumery & Kristine Jepsen, Beef and Pork Whole Animal Buying Guide 11
(2013), available at https://store.extension.iastate.edu/Product/pm2076-pdf.





n137.  See, e.g., id. at 8 ("Most processors want to know ahead of time that you
are coming with a load of animals to be processed. Ask them how much notice they
will need. Certain times of year can be busier than others (for example, many
hogs are slaughtered right before the 4th of July) so make sure you have
scheduled an appointment far enough in advance.").





n138.  Gwin et al., supra note 88, at 8.





n139.  Tina Prevatte, Founder, Firsthand Foods, Panel at Duke Environmental Law
and Policy Forum Symposium: Carrots and Sticks: Moving the U.S. National Food
System Toward a Sustainable Future (Jan. 23, 2015).





n140.  9 C.F.R. § 307.4(c), (d)(3) (2012).





n141.  It is important to note that the processors interviewed for this article
said that they have strict protocols for traceability and that these
discrepancies result from a failure of communication rather than a mix-up of
animals.





n142.  See generally Mellage, supra note 136, at 10.





n143.  See generally Ed Jackson, USDA, Developing Market Opportunities for
Value-added Meat and Poultry Products 10 (2005), available at
http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/getfile?dDocName=STELPRD3433 424 (describing how
the use of value-add processing can increase profits for meat processors,
presumably from such products as those listed above).





n144.  See 21 U.S.C. § 606(a) (2012) (requiring inspection of all meat food
products prepared for commerce in processing and similar facilities); 21 U.S.C.
§ 608 (requiring sanitary inspection of establishments in which meat food
products are prepared for commerce); 21 U.S.C. § 623(a) (requiring separation of
meat food products prepared for commerce from those prepared as custom-exempt
meat food products, which must be labeled "Not for Sale").





n145.  Jackson, supra note 143, at 10 (producers expressed a desire for more
technical assistance in producing value-added products and more access to
business planning resources).





n146.  The surveyed sources in this section include several meat processors,
farmers, and meat retailers in North Carolina. Additional information is on file
with the lead author.





n147.  Nowlin, Sustainable Production, supra note 4, at 1138. See generally Ron
Sommer, Where's the Beef? Consolidation in the Meat Processing Industry, Seeking
Alpha (June 25, 2014),
http://seekingalpha.com/article/2285523-wheres-the-beef-consolidation-in-the-mea
t-processing-industry.





n148.  Nowlin, Sustainable Production, supra note 4, at 1139 (noting that
"small-scale processing facilities have declined rapidly in number," but have
not vanished completely).





n149.  See Summary of Meat Processing Issues in Washington State, Washington
State Dep't of Agric. 1, available at
http://agr.wa.gov/FoF/docs/MeatProcessing.pdf (noting the lack of meat
slaughtering facilities available to small farmers as the industry has
consolidated).





n150.  Nowlin, supra note 4, at 1139; see Gwin et al., supra note 88, at 5-7.





n151.  See NC Local Food Infrastructure Inventory, http://www.cefs.ncsu.edu/
statewide-infrastructure-map.html (last visited Mar. 4, 2015).





n152.  Id.





n153.  Gwin et al., supra note 88, at 5. The author provides the example of a
processor saying "farmers ask me to do new things, but they don't have enough
volume to cover my costs."





n154.  Indeed, a recent feasibility study conducted in North Carolina estimated
the costs of constructing a new, humane-certified slaughterhouse with capacity
for 54 cattle (or cattle equivalent) per day to be more than $ 2 million
(including land acquisition costs), with approximately $ 300,000 for equipment
alone. Costs for an adjacent small-animal slaughter facility with the capacity
for 20,000 birds (or equivalent) per year were estimated at $ 143,000 for the
building, and $ 100,000 for equipment. Agriculture Innovations, LLC, supra note
55, at 78-92.





n155.  Gwin et al., supra note 88, at 5; see also Kydna Curtis et al., Locally
Produced Livestock Processing and Marketing Feasibility Assessment, available at
http://cecentralsierra.ucanr.org/files/114199.pdf.





n156.  Gwin et al., supra note 88, at 5.





n157.  Id.





n158.  Id.at 5-6, 10.





n159.  These responses mimic the findings of Gwin et al., supra note 88, and are
indicative of a system in which there is the potential for insufficient
throughput to cover overhead processing and slaughter costs.





n160.  See Gwin et al., supra note 88, at 7 (stating farming in "fundamentally
seasonal").





n161.  Id.





n162.  Id.





n163.  Scott McFetridge, More Want Local Beef, But Fewer Want Tough Job of
Cutting It, Salt Lake Trib., (Mar. 6, 2015)
http://www.sltrib.com/home/2257632-155/few-want-the-tough-job-of.





n164.  U.S. Dep't of Labor, Bureau of Labor Statistics Occupational Handbook t 4
(1996).





n165.  Bureau of Labor Statistics, Occupational Employment and Wages, May 2010,
Occupational Employment Statistics (May 17, 2011), http://www.bls.gov/oes/
2010/may/oes513021.htm. However, there has been a recent reversal of this trend,
with 137,050 butchers and meat cutters documented in 2014. Bureau of Labor
Statistics, Occupational Employment and Wages, May 2014, Occupational Employment
Statistics, http://www.bls.gov/oes/2014/may/oes513021.htm (last visited March
26, 2015).





n166.  Bureau of Labor Statistics, Butchers and Meat Cutters, Occupational
Outlook Handbook,
http://www.bls.gov/ooh/production/butchers-and-meat-cutters.htm (last visited
Mar. 24, 2015).





n167.  Additionally, see Gwin et al., supra note 88, at 8 (confirming this).





n168.  Id.





n169.  Id. at 7-9.





n170.  Id.at 8.





n171.  Id.





n172.  Id.





n173.  Rachel J. Johnson et al., U.S. Dep't Agric. Econ. Research Serv.,
Slaughter and Processing Options and Issues for Locally-Sourced Meat 10 (2012),
available at http://www.ers.usda.gov/media/820188/ldpm216-01.pdf.





n174.  Some farmers, processors, and consumers expressed concern that fast,
automated slaughter fundamentally changes the nature of the relationship with
the animal, transforming it from a living being deserving of care and respect
into a mere commodity.





n175.  21 U.S.C. § 602 (2006); 21 U.S.C. § 451.





n176.  21 U.S.C. § 602; 21 U.S.C. § 451.





n177.  Gwin et al., supra note 88, at 8.





n178.  Meat and Poultry Inspection: Beef Products Contaminated With Escherichia
Coli O157:H7, 64 Fed. Reg. 11 (January 19, 1999) (to be codified 9 C.F.R. ch.
III).





n179.  Gwin et al., supra note 88, at 8.





n180.  Id.





n181.  See 9 C.F.R. § 307.1 (2011) (requiring large facilities to provide
facilities for inspectors).





n182.  See21 U.S.C. § 606 (2012), 9 C.F.R. § 300.6(b)(1) (2004) (requiring
access to facilities at all times); 9 C.F.R. § 307.4 (2012) (discussing
scheduling of processing operations); 9 C.F.R. § 307.1 (2011), 9 C.F.R. § 307.2
(2012) (requiring large facilities to provide separate accommodations for
inspectors (see infra note 192 and associated discussion, too)); 21 U.S.C. §
695, 9 C.F.R. § 307.5 (2012), 9 C.F.R. § 307.6 (2011), 9 C.F.R. § 391.3 (2011)
(detailing overtime hours and rates).





n183.  9 C.F.R. § 300.6(b)(1) (2004).





n184.  21 U.S.C. §§603-604; 9 C.F.R. § 307.4(a) (2011) (effective as of 2011).





n185.  9 C.F.R. § 310.1 (1985).





n186.  Industrial Meat, PBS, http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/shows/meat/
industrial/consolidation.html (last visited Mar. 1, 2015).





n187.  9 C.F.R. § 381.67 (2012).





n188.  Anonymous, Slaughter Affidavit, Food Whistle Blower (Sept. 29, 2014),
available at
http://www.foodwhistleblower.org/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/Affidavit-1-Redacted
_.pdf.





n189.  Id. As mentioned in earlier discussion, such a fast line speed may
decrease the thoroughness of inspection and diminish meat safety.





n190.  21 U.S.C. § 695 (2012).





n191.  9 C.F.R. § 307.1 (2011).





n192.  Id.; 9 C.F.R. § 307.2(k) (2012).





n193.  9 C.F.R. § 307.2(f) (2012).





n194.  9 C.F.R. § 307.4(d) (2011).





n195.  9 C.F.R. § 307.4(d)(2) (2011) ("Any request by an establishment for a
change in its work schedule involving an addition or elimination of shifts shall
be submitted to the area supervisor at least 2 weeks in advance of the proposed
change. Frequent requests for change shall not be approved: Provided, however,
minor deviations from a daily operating schedule may be approved by the
inspector in charge, if such request is received on the day preceding the day of
change.") (emphasis in original).





n196.  Gwin et al., supra note 88, at 8.





n197.  9 C.F.R. § 307.4(c) (2011).





n198.  Id.





n199.  9 C.F.R. § 307.4(d)(3) (2011).





n200.  21 U.S.C. § 695 (2012).





n201.  9 C.F.R. § 391.3(a) (2011).





n202.  Niche Meat Processor Assistance Network Webinar, Building the Capacity of
Small Meat Processors: Successes and Lessons from North Carolina, N.C. Choices
(Jan. 7, 2015),
http://www.extension.org/pages/72032/building-the-capacity-of-small-meat-process
ors:-successes-and-lessons-from-north- carolina#.VPNTEsZhyGs.





n203.  Id.





n204.  9 C.F.R. § 321.1 (2012).





n205.  Gwin et al., supra note 88, at 8 ("Large processors can earn so much for
byproducts because they operate at a large enough scale to refine different
parts into useable products and to sell in large enough volumes to access
valuable international markets.").





n206.  Id.





n207.  Daniel L. Marti et al., Where's the (Not) Meat? Byproducts from Beef and
Pork Production 1, 2 (2011), available at http://www.ers.usda.gov/media/
147867/ldpm20901.pdf.





n208.  Id.





n209.  Id.





n210.  See id. at 6-17 (describing the United States ability to produce
byproducts in quantities above domestic demand and the consequent profit from
export of surplus).





n211.  Id.





n212.  Gwin et al., supra note 88, at 17.





n213.  Id.





n214.  See Nat'l Renderers Ass'n, Membership Directory (2014), available at
https://d10k7k7mywg42z.cloudfront.net/assets/53459df24f
720a5b9c0001f1/NRA2014Directory.pdf (listing, for example, only four member
companies in North Carolina).





n215.  For example, the difference in "drop" value per head between small and
large packers is approximately $ 85 for a 1200-pound steer. Agric. Innovations,
Growing Healthy Food: An Economic Development Strategy for North-Central North
Carolina 52 (Dec. 6, 2010).





n216.  Gwin et al., supra note 88, at 17, 30, 31.





n217.  See, e.g., Finding Capital: Financing Options for Meat Processors,
Extension,
http://www.extension.org/pages/70522/finding-capital:-financing-options-for-meat
-processors#.VNQEglXF9ew (last visited Mar. 2, 2015) (discussing public
financing options such as Tax Increment Financing, Tax Abatement, the Rural
Economic Development Loan and Grant, the Rural Energy for America Program (REAP)
aka Section 9007 of the Farm Bill, and the Small Business Administration's (SBA)
Certified Development Corporation ("504") Loan Program).





n218.  The surveyed sources in this section include several institutional
buyers, retailers of agricultural products, restaurants, farmers, and a
wholesaler in North Carolina. The institutional buyers represent a range of
interests, but their observations as to the supply constraints and available
processing services in the local meat market may be specific to central North
Carolina. Additional information is on file with the lead author.





n219.  Direct-to-consumer sales are those where farmers sell to household
consumers, usually at farmers' markets or on the farm itself. See generally
Farmers Market and Local Food Production Program, Nat'l Sustainable Agric.
Coal., http://sustainableagriculture.net/
publications/grassrootsguide/local-food-systems-rural-development/farmers-market
-promotion-program/ (last visited Apr. 7, 2015).





n220.  See Gwin et al., supra note 88, at 3-12 (describing the three types of
processing and explaining related supply chains).





n221.  See also id. Purchasers of commodity meat, on the other hand, focus on
price rather than origin, and generally have few difficulties obtaining adequate
volume.





n222.  See infra note 232.





n223.  See supra Section B.2 of this part.





n224.  Prevatte, supra note 139.





n225.  For pork, which is more locally abundant, the grocery store buys only the
cuts of pork that it needs.





n226. " Primal cuts" (or "primals") refers to the basic divisions into which a
carcass is separated during butchering. Further subdivisions (subprimals and
retail cuts), like steaks, are usually cut from these when selling to retail
customers.





n227.  Rosie Nold, How Much Meat Can You Expect From A Fed Steer?, iGrow (Jan.
2, 2013),
http://igrow.org/livestock/beef/how-much-meat-can-you-expect-from-a-fed-steer/.





n228.  Lauren Gwin, Arion Thiboumery & Richard Stillman, supra note 5, at i.





n229.  SeeMarti et al., supra note 207, at 6-16 (discussing production of
byproducts).





n230.  Johnson et al., supra note 23, at 17.





n231.  Jim Barham, Getting to Scale with Regional Food Hubs, USDA Blog (Dec. 14,
2010, 3:20 PM),
http://blogs.usda.gov/2010/12/14/getting-to-scale-with-regional-food-hubs/
(defining food hubs as "centrally located facilities with a business management
structure facilitating the aggregation, storage, distribution, and/or marketing
of locally/regionally produced food products").





n232. " Aggregators" collect meat from multiple small farms and manage marketing
and sales of that meat under a single label. See, e.g., About Us, Firsthand
Foods, http://firsthandfoods.com/index.php?1 (last visited Apr. 17, 2015) ("We
source from a network of remarkable farmers," and "do the legwork necessary to
get a consistent selection of quality local meats into local markets.").





n233.  An MSU is defined by FSIS as a "self-contained slaughter facility that
can travel from site to site." SeeFSIS Mobile Slaughter Unit Compliance Guide,
available at http://www.fsis.usda.gov/shared/PDF/Compliance_Guide_
Mobile_Slaughter.pdf (last visited May 15, 2015).





n234.  Id.





n235.  Stephen Thompson, Going Mobile: Co-ops Operate Traveling Slaughter Units
to Help Grow Local Foods Movement, USDA Blog (Jan. 6, 2011, 11:12 AM),
http://blogs.usda.gov/2011/01/06/going-mobile-co-ops-operate-traveling-slaughter
-units-to-help-grow-local-foods- movement/.





n236.  See id.





n237.  Overview of Mobile Slaughter Units (MSUs), Niche Meat Processor
Assistance Network, http://www.nichemeatprocessing.org/mobile-unit-overview
(last visited May 15, 2015).





n238.  Id.





n239.  Id.





n240.  See Johnson et al., supra note 23, at 17 ("Red meat MSUs can typically
slaughter five to ten heads of cattle, ten to twenty-five hogs, or ten to forty
sheep per day").





n241.  See Appalachian Sustainable Agric. Project, Regional Large-Animal Meat
Processing Plants: Summary of Economic Viability (Summer 2012), available at
http://asapconnections.org/downloads/asap-summary-of-economic-viability-regional
-large-animal-meat- processing.pdf (discussing businesses in the niche meat
market).





n242.  Id.





n243.  Id.





n244.  Id.





n245.  Richard Dye & David Merriman, A Tool for Local Economic Development, 18
Land Lines 2 (2006).





n246.  Finding Capital, supra note 217.





n247.  These are likely to be from private or local government entities, as the
federal government does not provide direct grant funding for business start-up
and expansion. See Grants, U.S. Small Business Admin.,
https://www.sba.gov/content/grants-0 (last visited Mar. 2, 2015).





n248.  See, e.g., Business and Industry Loan Guarantee Program, USDA,
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/business-industry-loan-guarantees (last
visited Mar. 2, 2015).





n249.  See, e.g., Rural Energy for America Program Renewable Energy Systems &
Energy Efficiency Improvement Loans & Grants in Missouri, USDA,
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/rural-energy-america-program-renewable-
energy-systems-energy- efficiency/mo (last visited Mar. 2, 2015).





n250.  See, e.g., Certified Development Company/504 Loan Program, U.S. Small
Business Admin., https://www.sba.gov/offices/headquarters/oca/resources/5991
(last visited Mar. 2, 2015).





n251.  See generally Jennifer Curtis et al., Ctr. for Envtl. Farming Sys., From
Farm to Fork: A Guide to Building North Carolina's Sustainable Food Economy
(Apr. 2010), available at
http://www.cefs.ncsu.edu/resources/stateactionguide2010.pdf.


                               2 of 75 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                            April 24, 2001, Tuesday

GOING INDEPENDENT: TURN BUSINESS THEORY INTO PRACTICE

BYLINE: Christopher Browne

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 3,4

LENGTH: 1683 words


WHEN AS a school-leaver you ask your parents for advice about jobs, they either
give you a long talk about "your future" or refer you back to the school's
careers advisers. Should you be audacious enough to mention those two buzzwords
"own business", the response usually teeters from surprise to outrage.

However, starting a business has been quietly moving into the "preferred
options" category. During the recession an estimated 80 per cent of start- ups
went down in their first three years. That figure has now halved, according to
the Department of Trade and Industry. And the DTI's figures for VAT-registered
(minimum turnover pounds 52,000) start-ups show an almost 90 per cent success
rate.

An Arthur Andersen-Growth Plus survey in January 2001 said the UK was the best
place for fostering new business compared to the USA, Germany, France, Italy,
The Netherlands, Spain, Sweden, Austria and Belgium. The US, which spends six
times more than other European countries on start- up research, was runner-up.
So the time is ripe.

You are buoyed with confidence. You've got a great idea. Why not just dive in
headfirst? This may be positive, but it is also reckless. Setting up your own
business needs meticulous planning, acute marketing, sound tactics and, most
important, customers.

So, how do you do it?

Structure

First you must decide the shape of your new venture. There are three categories
to choose from: sole trader, partnership and limited company. You must choose
the one that suits you and your product or service:

1. Sole trader: This means you, and you alone, own the business outright.

This is particularly suitable for any business that does not expect to earn a
turnover of more than pounds 15,000. However, you may be doing another job and
want to pursue your idea in tandem with it. Or you may be starting your business
part-time. Another advantage is being able to offset any losses in the first
year against other income you may earn. And you do not have to file your annual
accounts at Companies House (although you should produce accounts for your own
records and guidance). It is also very easy to start up as a sole trader: simply
tell your tax inspector, who will notify Customs and Excise if you need to
register for VAT, then fill in form CWF1. That's it.

So what are the downsides? First, you pay more tax and National Insurance than
in a limited company; second, you are not protected by the law and are liable
for any debts if the business fails. Another key factor is that companies you
trade with often prefer the credibility of dealing with a limited company rather
than a sole trader.

2. Partnership: This is when you and one or more partners own the business. It
is equally simple to start, but it is prudent to draft a written partnership
agreement, specifying how the work will be split, the share of the profits and
any future changes of partner. As with sole traders, partners pay more tax and
NI than limited companies and are liable for all business debts - if there is a
problem, you may be liable for your partner's share of the debts.

3. Limited company: You can either trade alone or with several directors in a
limited company. You can either start from scratch, registering the company with
the Companies Registration Office, or buy a company off the peg, which costs
pounds 75-pounds 120. There is a fast-track registration service which enables
you to register a company in a day for pounds 100.

If you wish to trade alone, you, as the director, will need someone - a spouse,
friend or accountant - to act as a company secretary. If there are several
directors, profits will be based on the number of shares each of you own. You
can also allot shares to family and friends to save tax. Again you and your
co-directors have limited liability if the company goes bust.

This is the recommended option. Other plus points for limited companies are:

(a) Easier to gain credit for buying materials or services from other companies.

(b) You will find that your bank manager is more likely to give you an
overdraft.

(c) Landlords are more confident about giving you a lease on rented premises.

(d) You will be able to raise capital more easily.

(e) You can sell off chunks of the company, eg via shares.

Choosing a name

You must choose a name for your business that reflects your product and also
appeals to customers. You may need separate names for your products or services.
Take time over these, as you cannot change them once you have started. You may
also need a logo on your products and stationery that people will recognise
quickly and identify with. Use a designer, but don't spend thousands on it.

The master plan

On page 3, we referred to the business plan. This is your master plan for the
business. It should cover your long-term aims, forecasts and estimates. It
should also act as a guide to what you really want to do and how you are going
to achieve it.

You should, in fact, draw up two business plans. The first will act as guidance
for insiders: you, your partner(s) and directors. The second will be for
outsiders: the financiers, investors, banks and bank managers you have targeted
to raise your business's seedcorn finance.

Both plans should be clearly written and not just a series of dull facts, and
should give you and investors the flavour of the business. Both plans should be
realistic, alerting you and your bank manager to any pitfalls or areas to avoid
should your business go off course. Investors need compelling reasons why they
should put money into your business, so treat the second plan as you would a CV
- as though you are telling potential employers why they should hire you. Some
important pointers:

(a) Show investors why they will get a good return.

(b) Instil investors with confidence in your abilities to run the business.

(c) Demonstrate that there is a good market for your product or service.

The business plan should be between three and 10 pages long, drawn up with the
help of an accountant, financial adviser or business counsellor, and printed and
presented neatly in a smart folder together with cashflow and profit forecasts.

Location

You must decide where to base your business. Many people start from home as it
saves on overheads. Email and the Net enable you to trade from your front room,
office or even garden shed (you might for instance set up an online Campaign for
Real Nappies, advising parents and would-be parents on reliable sources and
makes).

If you wish to set up as a high-street bookseller you would need to find
suitable premises in a town or city. If, however, you are involved in
manufacturing, import-export or direct selling, you would need a base with good
rail, road and air links. Or you could share facilities with other businesses in
a purpose-built business park or workshop. If location is not important, you
could obtain a government or local authority grant and move to an enterprise
zone or assisted area. (See 'Where to go for advice' on page 6.)

Raising the money

This is the biggest sale that you as a budding entrepreneur will ever have to
make. So apart from buying a sharp suit or power dress, you need to work
vigorously on your presentation. Some sages say you should never invest your own
money in a business - but most lenders insist on it to show you are committed.
Take legal advice on this. And remember it is probably best to approach sources
of finance before you start your business. Follow this step-by-step guide:

(a) How much do you need? This seedcorn cash will cover your premises, IT
equipment and furniture, legal and professional costs for contracts and leases
and early marketing expenditure. It will also cover working capital - the gap
between receiving and paying for goods from your suppliers, the length of credit
time you give your customers. A good business plan and a shrewd accountant will
decide on the sum you will need.

(b) Should you opt for a bank loan or overdraft? An overdraft will cover short
-term finance and smallish start-up requirements. It will also cover the
"waiting" zones and quiet trading periods. A bank loan can vary from pounds
10,000 to pounds 1m. This will cover longer-term requirements. If your business
is capital intensive (ie manufacturing) or credit sensitive, you will need to
borrow bigger sums than many service-type industries. Or you could apply for the
Department of Trade and Industry's Loans Guarantee Scheme. If successful, the
DTI will guarantee 70 per cent of your loan providing your business has a
projected annual turnover of less than pounds 1.5m (pounds 3m for manufacturing
businesses). Again your business plan will be crucial in these negotiations.

(c) Venture Capital: There are about 130 venture capital companies that have
funds to invest in fast-track companies (reaching significant profits in three
or four years). They will want company shares in return for investment, one or
two directors on your board, full scrutiny of your daily activities, and legal
and professional fees for the costs of setting up the funds.

(d) Private Investors or Angels: see page 6.

Greed versus cashflow

Be ruthless and ask yourself why you want to set up in business. The idea of
becoming an entrepreneur can give people a sort of power-lust, a dream life of
smart cars, status and a secretary back at the office. However this is far from
the reality of a successful start-up. To echo the words of the US economist and
author EF Schumacher, you should act small. You must also be prepared to:

(a) Work very hard.

(b) Live on relatively little money to start with.

(c) Keep overheads and wages (if any) to a minimum. It is better to have a
couple of wooden chairs for you and a potential client than a pounds 1,000
leather sofa.

(d) Wait until you have a regular cashflow before spending on perks and luxuries
- and be careful even then. If your annual turnover exceeds pounds 52,000, you
must register for VAT (which you can claim back on exports).

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2001 Independent Print Ltd


                               3 of 75 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright (c) 2015 Drake Journal of Agricultural Law
                       Drake Journal of Agricultural Law

                                  Spring, 2015

                       Drake Journal of Agricultural Law

                            20 Drake J. Agric. L. 1

LENGTH: 10755 words

ARTICLE: AMERICAN AGRICULTURAL LAW ASSOCIATION
 OCT. 19-21, 2014, ALBUQUERQUE, NM

   SUPPORT FOR LOCAL FOOD IN THE 2014 FARM BILL

NAME: Marne Coit +

BIO: + Marne Coit is a founding partner of Greenfield Legal Services LLC, where
she specializes in food and agricultural law and policy. Ms. Coit is also an
adjunct professor at Marylhurst University, where she teaches food law & policy.
She holds a J.D. and Masters in Environmental Law from Vermont Law School and an
LL.M. in Agricultural and Food Law from the University of Arkansas School of
Law, and has been admitted to the Vermont and Arkansas Bars. She is the author
of Jumping on the Next Bandwagon: An Overview of the Policy and Legal Aspects of
the Local Food Movement, 4 (1) Journal of Food Law & Policy 45-70 (Spring 2008),
the first published legal article specifically on local food.

TEXT:
 [*2]

   I. Introduction

 I have been following the intersection of legal issues and the local food
movement since its inception. In 2008, I published an article entitled "Jumping
on the Next Bandwagon: An Overview of the Policy and Legal Aspects of the Local
Food Movement." n1 That article was the first to be published in a legal journal
that was specifically in regards to the applicable laws and policies on local
food. At that point, the local food movement was a grass roots movement in its
infancy. This is particularly true with regards to the legal framework for local
food systems. The purpose of this Article is to demonstrate how far local foods
have progressed - from a movement, to a viable sector of the agricultural
economy in its own right.

   There has been a shift in local foods from grassroots movement to the next
level, where it has become more established in the mainstream. The legal
framework has also continued to develop, and there are certainly more laws and
policies specifically crafted with local food systems in mind than there were
even six years ago. In addition, local food systems have enjoyed increasing
support in terms of government programs and funding in recent years, and this
trend continues to grow. I think it is important to consider this support as a
show of how established local food has become. The most notable area to find
information on these programs and funding is the 2014 Farm Bill, which is why I
chose to focus on this area for this presentation and article. I have also
included a short section on other federal programs that support local food, that
are found outside of the Farm Bill, followed by the upcoming trends for local
food.

   II. What is Local Food?

 Right now, there is no one set legal definition of the term "local food." So,
what does it mean? The answer depends on who is defining the term, and in what
context it is being used. Because local food is not legally defined, businesses,
non-profits, universities, and other organizations may define the term in
whatever way they choose. This section will explore some of the common meanings,
and provide some examples. Looking at the history and context of what this term
means can provide insight into how it has evolved, and much momentum and
interest it has gained, over the past ten years.

   To start, the first federal definition of "local food" was provided by the
federal government in the text of the 2008 Farm Bill. n2 Under Title VI, the
Rural Development title, the Business and Industry (B&I) loan and loan guarantee
[*3]  program was amended to include a provision that stipulated five percent of
the funds must be used to support local food production. n3 For the purposes of
this loan program, the definition of locally or regionally produced agricultural
food product means:



   any agricultural food product that is raised, produced, and distributed in
the locality or region in which the final product is marketed, so that the total
distance that the product is transported is less than 400 miles from the origin
of the product or the State in which the product is produced. n4

 It is important to note that this definition applies only within the context of
this particular loan program, and is not legally binding in other settings. This
is significant, as it is the first instance the federal government created a
statutory definition pertaining to local foods.

   Some states have also passed laws in regards to local food. Not surprisingly,
these laws typically define local food as products coming from within that
particular state. For example, Illinois passed the Local Food, Farms, and Jobs
Act, which went into effect in August of 2009. n5 The overall goal of this law
is to strengthen local food systems within the state of Illinois. n6 The
significant parts of this legislation are the creation of the Illinois Local
Food, Farms, and Jobs Council, and local food production targets for state
agencies and state-funded institutions of twenty percent and ten percent,
respectively, by 2020. n7 For the purposes of this legislation, it is clearly
stated that "local farm or food products are products grown, processed,
packaged, and distributed by Illinois citizens or businesses located wholly
within the borders of Illinois." n8

   An example of how an educational institution has defined the term is Emory
University, a private university located in Atlanta, Georgia. Under their
self-created guidelines, the school has set out to have seventy-five percent of
the food in its hospitals and cafeterias be locally or sustainably grown by
2015. n9 Emory University has adopted the position that, "sustainably grown food
supports environmental health, worker welfare and wages, and farm viability, as
well as taste and nutrition." n10 For these purposes, the geographic boundary
for local food to qualify as local is divided into a two-tiered system. n11 The
first tier  [*4]  represents the highest priority purchasing area, which is from
within the state of Georgia. n12 The second tier represents the second priority
purchasing area, which is from an eight-state region, which includes Alabama,
Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, and
Tennessee. n13

   Walmart provides an example of how a private business has defined local food.
In 2010, the company committed to a plan in which nine percent of all of the
produce it sold in the United States would be locally grown. n14 "Wal-Mart
defines local produce as that grown and sold in the same state." n15 This is
important, because, "given that Wal-Mart is the world's largest grocer, with one
of the biggest food supply chains, any change it made would have wide
implications." n16

   III. Local Food in the 2014 Farm Bill

 The purpose of this section is to highlight some of the most meaningful
sections of the 2014 Farm Bill that serve to enhance local food production and
local food systems. Due to the limited scope of this Article, it will not cover
every Farm Bill provision that may apply to local food. Relevant sections will
be discussed in the order in which they appear in the text of the Farm Bill.

   A. Title IV - Nutrition

   1. Retail Food Stores

 The first place support for local food systems can be found in the 2014 Farm
Bill is in the Nutrition Title, the title under which the majority of programs
that support local food can be found in the Farm Bill. n17 The first is section
4002 which falls within the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP).
This section specifically provides that the USDA will require retail food stores
that participate in SNAP to pay the full cost of acquiring and setting up
electronic benefit transfer (EBT) point-of-sale equipment. n18 However, the
language that follows clearly exempts farmers' markets and other markets that
sell directly to consumers. n19

   This is significant in that it has the potential to expand access to local
[*5]  food to SNAP participants who may otherwise not have this opportunity. n20
At the same time, it increases the market potential for farmers selling at
either farmers' markets or other direct-to-consumer outlets, as the cost of EBT
equipment can be a barrier for farmers to accept SNAP benefits. n21

   2. Use of Benefits for Purchase of Community-Supported Agriculture Share
(SNAP)

 Another change was made to the SNAP program via section 4012, which amends the
Food and Nutrition Act of 2008. n22 Section 4012 pertains to Community-Supported
Agricultural operations (CSAs), and provides for the use of SNAP benefits at
CSAs, which is a shift from how the program operated in the past. n23 CSAs are a
form of direct-to-consumer marketing, and this shift strengthens both systems in
terms of expanding markets for producers, as well as providing increased access
to fresh food for low-income consumers.



   CSAs are structured so that consumers buy a "share" in the harvest for a
growing season, which they pay for before the growing season starts. These
upfront payments provide capital for the farmers to use at the beginning of the
season when they have the greatest expenses ... . The consumer is buying a share
in whatever crops are harvested on any given week. One of the other financial
benefits to farmers who use this structure is the assurance of an income, no
matter what happens to the crop. For example, on a conventional farm, if the
farmer produces only corn and has trouble with the crop due to pests or weather
in a particular year, the farmer stands to lose all of his or her income for
that year. CSAs are structured so that the consumer shares in this risk. n24

 However, unlike a traditional CSA where consumers pay an annual or semi-annual
flat fee, payment with SNAP benefits must occur no more than fourteen days
before the product's delivery. n25 The rationale behind this is due to the fact
that



   SNAP clients have limited means and resources, they can neither afford nor
risk payment for an entire growing season at the season's start . . For this
reason, if an authorized direct marketing farmer or non-profit food buying
cooperative elects to do business via a CSA, payment may be accepted no more
than 14 days in advance of product delivery. n26

  [*6]  Additionally, SNAP benefits may only be used for food, and may not go
towards a CSA membership or administrative fees of the CSA. n27

   3. Pilot Project for Procurement of Unprocessed Fruits and Vegetables

 The next section that pertains to local food is section 4202 - the Pilot
Project for Procurement of Unprocessed Fruits and Vegetables. n28 This new
provision requires the USDA to conduct a pilot project in up to eight states
with the overall goal of providing these states with flexibility when procuring
unprocessed fruits and vegetables. n29 The USDA is authorized to permit
participating states to "utilize multiple suppliers and products established and
qualified by the Secretary and to allow geographic preference, if desired, in
the procurement of the products under the pilot project." n30

   In terms of qualifying states, the Farm Bill requires that of the eight
states chosen to participate, one state is located in each of the following
regions: the Pacific Northwest, the Northeast, the Western, the Midwest and the
Southern regions. n31 In addition, prioritization of qualifying states will be
based on the quantity and variety of produce growers on a per capita basis, a
state's proven commitment to farm-to-school programs efforts, and "whether the
States contain a sufficient quantity of local educational agencies, various
populations sizes, and geographical locations." n32 States chosen to
participate, and the applicable school food authorities of those eight states,
are required to keep records of the produce received. n33 In addition, each
state is required to submit a report on the success of the program, detailing
the quantities of fruits and vegetables, as well as the benefits incurred by
participation in the program. n34

   It is important to note that under this program, states are not required to
purchase locally-grown fruits and vegetables, n35 but they will have increased
flexibility to do so if they choose. According to the USDA's Food and Nutrition
Service (FNS):



   The pilot project will provide State Distributing Agencies (SDAs) in selected
states additional flexibility in the procurement of locally-grown unprocessed
fruits and vegetables. School food authorities (SFAs) in selected states, or
SDAs acting on behalf of participating SFAs, will be permitted to competitively
solicit a USDA-approved vendor using USDA Foods National School Lunch Program
(NSLP)  [*7]  entitlement funds. SDAs or SFAs will also be able to use
pre-existing commercial distribution channels and relationships with growers,
produce wholesalers, and distributors. Use of geographic preference, as allowed
by FNS regulation, is permitted in the procurement of these products ... It
offers states an additional opportunity to bolster local farm economies while
providing the children who participate in our school meals programs with healthy
food from within their own communities. n36

 This program comes at a time when participation in farm-to-school programs is
at an all-time high. n37 When the USDA conducted the first-ever Farm to School
Census for the 2011-2012 school year, it found that farm to school purchases
accounted for more than $ 385 million in local food sales. n38 Local food sales
conducted via farm to school programs are expected to continue to grow. n39

   4. Seniors Farmers' Market Nutrition Program

 The Seniors Farmers' Market Nutrition Program is also run by USDA-FNS, although
it is administered by the states. n40 This program serves to "provide low-income
seniors with coupons that can be exchanged for eligible foods (fruits,
vegetables, honey, and fresh-cut herbs) at farmers' markets, roadside stands,
and community-supported agriculture programs." n41 Again, the use of this
program supports the increased access of more fresh, local produce and other
food products to low-income individuals. n42 There were no substantive changes
made to the program under the 2014 Farm Bill; however, this provision did amend
the Farm Security and Rural Investment Act of 2002 to extend the program through
2018. n43 The program was funded at $ 19 million through fiscal year 2014. n44

[*8]

   5. Healthy Food Financing Initiative

 The USDA also leads the Healthy Food Financing Initiative. n45 Section 4206 of
the Farm Bill amends the Department of Agriculture Reorganization Act of 1994.
n46 The purpose of this provision is to give the USDA authority to create "an
initiative to improve access to healthy foods in underserved areas, to create
and preserve quality jobs, and to revitalize low-income communities by providing
loans and grants to eligible fresh, healthy food retailers to overcome the
higher costs and initial barriers to entry in underserved areas." n47 Priority
is given to projects located in low-income communities that create or maintain
jobs for low-income residents, support local and regional food systems, are
accessible by public transportation (if available in the area), or integrate
women and minority owned businesses. n48 The Farm Bill provides an appropriation
for up to $ 125,000,000 in funding for this initiative. n49

   6. Food Insecurity Nutrition Incentive

 Section 4208 covers the Food Insecurity Nutrition Incentive. n50 This section
amends the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008. n51 The initiative
represents a new grant program designed to provide incentives to increase the
purchasing power of Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) benefits
when used to purchase fruits and vegetables. n52 The goal is to test strategies
that could contribute to the National Institute of Food and Agriculture's (NIFA)
understanding of the best way to increase the purchase of fruits and vegetables
by SNAP participants that would inform future efforts, and develop effective and
efficient benefit redemption technologies. n53

   Entities that are eligible to participate include, but are not limited to,
agricultural cooperatives, producer associations, farmers' markets and CSAs. n54
Among other criteria, priority should be given to projects that utilize direct
marketing to consumers and provide locally grown fruits and vegetables. n55
Again, while not strictly limited to local food, the program is set up in such a
way  [*9]  as to increase the potential expansion of local food sales. n56
Overall, funding is provided at $ 160,000,000 over five years. n57

   B. Title VI - Rural Development

   1. Locally or Regionally Produced Agricultural Food Products

 Title VI, the Rural Development title, includes section 6014, which pertains to
loans and loan guarantees for locally or regionally produced agricultural food
products. n58 This is the loan program in which we saw the first federal
definition of local food as discussed earlier. n59 The 2014 Farm Bill amends the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act again.



   The program targets low-income areas without access to fresh fruits and
vegetables. An increase of up to 7% of the appropriation for the Business and
Industry Loan Guarantee program is authorized. Funding priority is given to
projects benefitting underserved communities (i.e., those with limited access to
affordable, healthy foods and with high rates of poverty or food insecurity).
n60

 This loan program, which applies to locally or regionally produced food,
defines local as food that has traveled less than 400 miles between where it is
produced and where it is sold, or "the state in which the product was produced."
n61 No significant substantive changes were made to the program; however, under
the authority of the 2014 Farm Bill it was extended through 2018. n62

   2. Value-Added Agricultural Product Market Development Grants

 Value-Added Agricultural Product Market Development Grants were included in the
2014 Farm Bill, and modified somewhat from previous iterations, as it amends the
Agricultural Risk Protection Act of 2000. n63 The USDA also administers this
competitive grant program. It serves to support producers with processing and
marketing value-added products: "generating new products, creating and expanding
marketing opportunities, and increasing producer income are the end goals of
this program." n64

   There are two types of grants. The first are planning grants, which are
[*10]  currently eligible for awards of up to $ 75,000. n65 These can be used
for economic planning activities, which "include conducting feasibility studies
and developing business plans for processing and marketing of the proposed
value-added product." n66 The second are working capital grants, which are
eligible for awards of up to $ 200,000. n67 These grants can be utilized for
"processing costs, marketing and advertising expenses, [and] some inventory and
salary expenses" directly related to the value-added product. n68

   What is new under this amendment includes an expansion of the category of
priority projects to be considered, which now includes producers with small and
medium-sized family farms, beginning, socially disadvantaged and veteran farmers
and ranchers. n69 Funding was authorized for $ 63,000,000 over 5 years. n70 This
is significant for local food systems, as these grants support food products and
businesses that are often made from locally grown agricultural products and then
sold back into the local food system. n71 They also support the businesses that
make these products. According to the USDA, "the program helps agricultural
producers grow their businesses by turning raw commodities into value-added
products, expanding marketing opportunities and developing new uses for existing
products." n72 Secretary Vilsack adds that "the funding ... will have
far-reaching, positive impacts in rural communities across the country ... The
investments will help businesses create new products, expand their operations,
and support local and regional food systems. The new Farm Bill expands this
program to provide even more of these opportunities." n73

   C. Title X - Horticulture

   1. Farmers' Market & Local Food Promotion Program

 Title X of the Farm Bill is the Horticulture Title. n74 Section 10003 pertains
to the Farmers' Market & Local Food Promotion Program (FMLFPP). n75 This is one
area where significant changes have been made under the 2014 Farm Bill.  [*11]
This program was formerly known as the Farmers' Market Promotion Program (FMPP);
section 10003 adds "local food promotion." n76 This is significant in that the
addition of "local food" extends the reach of the program to include
intermediaries, whereas the program formerly covered only projects based on
direct to consumer sales. n77

   The Farmers' Market & Local Food Promotion Program (hereinafter "FMLFPP") is
authorized by the Farmer-to-Consumer Direct Marketing Act of 1946. n78 The
FMLFPP provides for two competitive grant programs, both of which are overseen
by the USDA's Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS). n79 These grants are the
Farmers' Market Promotion Program (FMPP) and the Local Food Promotion Program
(LFPP). Under the 2014 Farm Bill, total funding for the FMLFPP is set at $
30,000,000 a year for each year from 2014-2018, with funding split equally
between the two grant programs. n80

   The purpose of the FMPP is:



   to increase domestic consumption of, and access to, locally and regionally
produced agricultural products, and to develop new market opportunities for farm
and ranch operations serving local markets by developing, improving, expanding,
and providing outreach, training, and technical assistance to, or assisting in
the development, improvement, and expansion of, domestic farmers markets,
roadside stands, community-supported agriculture programs, agritourism
activities, and other direct producer-to-consumer market opportunities. n81

 Grant awards range from $ 15,000 to a maximum of $ 100,000 per project. n82

   The goal of the newly created LFPP is to "support the development and
expansion of local and regional food business enterprises to increase domestic
consumption of, and access to, locally and regionally produced agricultural
products, and to develop new market opportunities for farm and ranch operations
serving local markets." n83 Again, this program targets intermediaries, which
includes food businesses that "process, distribute, aggregate, [and/] or store
[*12]  locally or regionally produced food products." n84

   There are two types of projects funded through the LFPP. First, planning
grants are provided for the purposes of planning a new food business enterprise,
or for planning the expansion of a currently existing business. n85 For 2014,
planning grants are funded in the amounts of $ 5,000-$ 25,000 for a period of
one year. n86 Second, implementation grants are aimed towards establishing a new
local food business enterprise, or implementing the expansion of a currently
existing food business. n87 These are funded in the amounts of $ 25,000-$
100,000 for a period of two years. n88

   2. Specialty Crop Block Grant

 Section 10010 of the 2014 Farm Bill amends the Specialty Crops Competitiveness
Act of 2004, which pertains to the Specialty Crop Block Grant (SCBGP). n89 The
purpose of this grant is to "enhance the competitiveness of specialty crops."
n90 The grants are managed by the USDA Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) and
administered through the states. n91 For the purposes of this grant, specialty
crops are defined as "fruits and vegetables, tree nuts, dried fruits,
horticulture, and nursery crops (including floriculture)." n92

   One substantive change to this grant under the 2014 Farm Bill is the
authorization of multistate projects. n93 In addition, funding was increased to
$ 72,500,000 per year from 2014-2017, and then is set to increase again to $
85,000,000 in 2018. n94 In contrast, the funding level was $ 55,000,000 through
2012. n95

   While not specifically targeted at local food, the grant is often used for
projects that support local and regional food systems, particularly as it is
geared towards fruits and vegetables. n96 The National Sustainable Agriculture
Coalition  [*13]  states that



   given the flexibility of the Specialty Crop Block Grant program to
potentially support farm to school initiatives, farmer food safety training,
food hubs, processing businesses, marketing research ... the increased funding
for this program represents an improved opportunity for farmers ... to find
support for the development of local and regional food systems. n97


   3. Local Food Production and Program Evaluation

 In the Horticulture Title, Section 10016 of the Farm Bill also provides for a
new initiative. n98 The so-called Local Food Production and Program Evaluation
requires the USDA to collect data on both the production and marketing of
locally produced food as well as the costs to comply with the applicable
regulatory requirements. n99 In addition, the USDA is mandated to facilitate
interagency collaboration on programs that deal with local food systems as well
as provide evaluation data on the ways in which local food systems facilitate
community food security and enable increased access to healthy food. n100

   This initiative would have provided for much-needed information and data
analysis related to local food systems. However, no funding was authorized for
this program. n101

   IV. Additional Federal Support for Local Food - Outside the Farm Bill

 As stated earlier, there has been increasing support at the federal level for
local foods for a number of years now. In order to highlight what this support
looks like, I will mention a few federal programs in this section. This is not
to be considered an exhaustive list.

   A. Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food

 One of the most far-reaching programs that exist at the federal level is the
USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food initiative (KYF2). n102 This initiative
brings together programs throughout the USDA that support farmers, food
businesses, and others entering local food markets. It also supports  [*14]
relationships between consumers and producers. n103 The USDA recognizes that
"[a] surge in consumer demand for locally-produced food is creating jobs and
opportunity throughout rural America local and regional food is already a
multi-billion dollar market and growing quickly." n104 Through KYF2, the agency:



   integrates programs and policies that: stimulate food-and
agriculturally-based community economic development, foster new opportunities
for farmers and ranchers, promote locally-and regionally-produced and processed
foods, cultivate healthy eating habits and educated, empowered consumers, expand
access to affordable fresh and local food, and demonstrate the connection
between food, agriculture, community and the environment. n105

 On the dedicated KYF2 website, one can find information on a large variety of
topics related to local food, including relevant loans and grant programs, n106
as well as a list of resources covering everything from the census of
agriculture, to a handbook on the topic of SNAP at farmers' markets. n107
Looking at the KYF2 initiative, the level of support that the USDA has dedicated
to local and regional food systems becomes very apparent.

   B. Local Food Directories

 The USDA-AMS has developed local food directories, under their "mission of
facilitating the fair and efficient marketing of U.S. agricultural products."
n108 These directories specifically aim "to better connect farmers and buyers,
and enhance awareness of available local food sources." n109

   There are currently four online directories, in the following categories:1)
Farmers Markets; 2) CSA; 3) Food Hub and 4) On-Farm Markets. n110 The first
directory was the National Farmers Market Directory. n111 The other three were
started after the National Farmers Market Directory gained popularity. n112
Information available within the directories includes "a mapped location,
operating hours, months of operation, the types of products available, number of
[*15]  farmers at each market and the accepted forms of payment." n113 All of
the directories are free for vendors to list their operations, and are also free
for the end users. n114

   C. Local Foods, Local Places Initiative

 The Local Food, Local Places Initiative is a new initiative, announced in June
of 2014, and is a joint effort between multiple entities. n115 The partners
include the USDA, the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), the Department of
Transportation (DOT), as well as the Appalachian Regional Commission (ARC) and
the Delta Regional Authority (DRA). n116 The goals of the initiative include
increasing economic opportunities for local farmers and businesses; improving
access to healthy, local food, particularly for communities that traditionally
have limited access; and revitalizing downtowns and neighborhoods. n117

   This initiative will provide "direct technical support and expertise to
community partners integrating local food systems into regional economic action
plans." n118 The first round of applications was due in July of 2015. n119
Awards were announced in December of 2014, and included 26 projects in 19
states. n120 The partnering entities funded a combined $ 800,000. n121

   V. Upcoming Issues

 When asked to present at the AALA, I was asked to include thoughts on potential
upcoming issues for local food systems. Below are three areas where I see the
possibility for growth or expansion, both within local food systems themselves,
and also with where these systems intersect with law and policy.

[*16]

   A. Continued Interest in Local Food - And the Role of Attorneys

 For a variety of reasons beyond the scope of this article, it remains difficult
to find sources of hard data regarding the economic impact of local food
systems. The information for the most recent time period available states that,
as of 2008, local food sales accounted for $ 4.8 billion of the agricultural
market in the United States. n122 Representing 1.6% of the overall market, this
is a very small fraction of total product sales. n123 However, relatively
speaking, it represents a significant - and growing - share of the total market.
With continued (and growing) interest in local food, it seems likely that this
share will continue to increase over time. In addition, the number of individual
farms that are participating in local and regional food markets will likely
continue to grow. Again, as of 2008, approximately 107,000 farms were considered
to be participating in local food markets, and with sustained consumer interest
this also seems likely to continue to increase. n124

   As consumer interest and demand in local food continues to increase, so will
the number of farms and food businesses that participate in this market. This
group of farmers will include experienced farmers who are looking for ways to
enter new market opportunities and to diversify their businesses. New and
beginning farmers are also entering these markets. In addition, there will
continue to be new food businesses entering local food markets at a steady rate
as demand continues to increase. At the same time, there is an increasingly
complex network of local, state and federal laws and regulations that are
applicable to farming and food businesses.

   This influx of participants in local food translates to an increased need for
legal help in a variety of areas. The needs of beginning and experienced farmers
may overlap in some ways and diverge in other ways; the same is true for food
businesses. There is a corresponding need for attorneys who are prepared to meet
the particular needs of each of these groups. Examples of topics for which
farmers and food businesses will need legal advice include, but are certainly
not limited to: contracts, food safety, food labeling, the National Organic
Program, labor and employment issues, business formation, tax, estate planning,
and land access. In some ways these legal needs will differ from those of other
agricultural clients. It will be critical to the continued success of local food
systems to have prepared, accessible attorneys who are ready to meet these
needs.

   B. Consumer Confusion Between "Local" and "Organic"

 Just as there is continued consumer demand for local food, there has also
[*17]  been a steady increase in demand for organic food and food products. n125
As of 2012, the organic market was estimated at $ 28.4 billion. n126 This
estimate increased for 2014 to $ 35 billion. n127 At the same time, there seems
to be increased confusion among consumers as to what these labels mean. In
preparing the presentation for the AALA - and this article - I made a choice to
focus on local food, and did not include information pertaining specifically to
organic agriculture, in an effort to keep these two classifications separate.

   In May of 2014, the International Food and Agribusiness Management Review
released a study on this topic. n128 The study indicated that 17% of consumers
confused the terms "organic" and "local", and didn't understand the distinction
between them. n129 This is a problem for a number of reasons. First, if
consumers rely on these labels, their ability to make these decisions is
forfeited if they do not understand the labels. Second, if consumers do not
understand the difference between these two terms, then the terms themselves
lose their meaning and significance over time.

   For food businesses and farmers who go through the process of becoming
certified organic, this label means being able to use this certification as a
marketing tool. n130 One outcome of doing so is often receiving a higher premium
for products that are certified organic. n131 Organic certification also has a
very specific legal meaning, set out in the standards under the National Organic
Program. n132 As was mentioned earlier in this article, the term "local" does
not have one specific legal definition. If the distinction between the two terms
is incorrectly blurred, then both run the risk of losing their meaning and their
significance for consumers. In order to clear this up, there needs to be greater
clarification and public education around food labels and production practices.

   C. Invasivores

 Ten years ago, the term "locavore" did not exist. Today, many will recognize
this term as a reference to people who eat locally grown foods. The term was
coined in 2005, n133 and in 2007 was named Oxford American  [*18]  Dictionary's
word of the year. n134

   Today, another movement related to local food is starting to attract more
attention -invasivores. As the name suggests, this term is used to describe
people who eat invasive species. n135 As defined by the National Invasive
Species Council (NISC), an "invasive species" is "a species that is non-native
to the ecosystem under consideration and whose introduction causes or is likely
to cause economic or environmental harm or harm to human health." n136 Some
examples include kudzu, lionfish, dandelions and feral pigs. n137 By nature, the
eating of plants or animals that are considered to be invasive in one's local or
regional area also falls within the context of local food.

   Changing climate conditions - and correspondingly, environmental conditions -
as well as increased trade and travel worldwide contribute to the increased
potential for the spread of invasive species. n138 As these trends continue, we
are likely to see the invasive movement grow accordingly.

   VI. Conclusion

 As I wrote in the conclusion to my 2008 article on legal and policy issues of
the local food movement, "the interest in local food which has been developing
in recent years seems likely to continue to grow in the future." n139 Six years
later, this statement has held true, and seems likely to hold true for the
foreseeable future, as we see local food continue to expand even further.
Consumer demand for local food has not shown signs of slowing down, and does not
seem likely to any time soon. The interest in local food has developed from a
grass-roots movement into a mainstay of our food system, and correspondingly we
are seeing it become more entrenched at various levels the business and
political landscape, including at large retailers and the state and federal
government. Due to the nature of what local food is, I do not believe that it
will go the way of the organic movement - meaning I do not think we will see one
definition at the federal level that preempts all other definitions. However,
there  [*19]  is a need for increased consumer education about food labels and
production practices in order to sustain the integrity of the current labels.

   In addition, as the movement continues to mature, an increasing number of
farmers and food businesses are entering local food markets. Simultaneously,
there are increasingly complex regulations and legal issues those local food
producers and businesses will be required to follow. We need agricultural
attorneys who are prepared to work with local food producers and businesses and
to take on the unique challenges that present themselves for these clients and
the valuable work that they are doing.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
GovernmentsAgriculture & FoodProcessing, Storage &
DistributionGovernmentsAgriculture & FoodProduct PromotionPublic Health &
Welfare LawFood & NutritionNutrition Programs for Children

FOOTNOTES:




n1.  Marne Coit, Jumping on the Next Bandwagon: An Overview of the Policy and
Legal Aspects of the Local Food Movement, 4 J. Food L. & Pol'y 45 (2008).





n2.  See generally Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008, Pub. L. No.
110-234, 122 Stat. 923.





n3.  7 U.S.C. §§1926(a)(1), 1926(a)(26)(c) (2012), amended by Agriculture Act of
2014, Pub. L. No. 113-79, § 6006, 128 Stat. 649, 842-43.





n4.  7 C.F.R. § 4284.902 (2015).





n5.  30 Ill. Comp. Stat. 595 (2009).





n6.  See id.





n7.  Id. 595/10(a),(b).





n8.  Id. 595/5.





n9.  Sustainable Food, Emory Univ.,
http://sustainability.emory.edu/page/1008/Sustainable-Food (last visited Sept.
16, 2015).





n10.  Id.





n11.  Id.





n12.  Id.





n13.  Id.





n14.  Stephanie Clifford, Wal-Mart to Buy More Local Produce, N.Y. Times, Oct.
14, 2010, http://www.nytimes.com/2010/10/15/business/15walmart.html.





n15.  Id.





n16.  Id.





n17.  Agricultural Act of 2014, Pub. L. No. 113-79,§§4001-4214, 128 Stat. 649
782-832.





n18.  Id. § 4002(b).





n19.  Id.





n20.  See id.





n21.  Local and Regional Foods, ERS, USDA, available at
http://www.ers.usda.gov/agricultural-act-of-2014-highlights-and-implications/loc
al-and-regional-foods.aspx (last updated Apr. 11, 2014).





n22.  Agricultural Act of 2014 § 4012.





n23.  Id.





n24.  Coit, supra note 1.





n25.  Operating a CSA and SNAP Participation, Food & Nutrition Serv., USDA (May
20, 2015), http://www.fns.usda.gov/sites/default/files/snap/CSA.pdf [hereinafter
Operating].





n26.  Id.





n27.  Id.





n28.  Agricultural Act of 2014 § 4202.





n29.  Id.





n30.  Id.





n31.  Id.





n32.  Id.





n33.  Id.





n34.  Id.





n35.  Id.





n36.  Press Release, USDA Food & Nutrition Serv., USDA Request for Applications
for Unprocessed Fruit and Vegetable Pilot (July 21, 2014), available at
http://www.fns.usda.gov/pressrelease/2014/fns-0004.





n37.  See id.





n38.  Id.





n39.  Press Release, Food & Nutrition Serv., USDA Food & Nutr. Serv., USDA
Selects States for Participation in Pilot Project for Procurement of Unprocessed
Fruits and Vegetables, (Dec. 8, 2014), available at
http://www.fns.usda.gov/pressrelease/2014/fns-001214 (noting as of December 8,
2014, the eight states chosen to participate in the pilot project are:
California, Connecticut, Michigan, New York, Oregon, Virginia, Washington and
Wisconsin).





n40.  Senior Farmers' Market Nutrition Program, Food & Nutrition Serv., USDA,
http://www.fns.usda.gov/sfmnp/senior-farmers-market-nutrition-program-sfmnp
(last updated Apr. 15, 2015) [hereinafter Senior].





n41.  Id.





n42.  Id.





n43.  Agricultural Act of 2014, Pub. L. No. 113-79, § 4203, 128 Stat. 649, 822.





n44.  Senior, supra note 40.





n45.  Agricultural Act of 2014 § 4206.





n46.  Id.





n47.  Id. § 4206(a).





n48.  Id. § 4206(c)(2)(C)(ii)(I)-(V).





n49.  Id. § 4206(d).





n50.  Id. § 4208.





n51.  Id.





n52.  Id.





n53.  Food Insecurity Nutrition Incentive (FINI) Grant Program, Nat'l Inst. of
Food & Agric., USDA,
http://nifa.usda.gov/program/food-insecurity-nutrition-incentive-fini-grant-prog
ram (last visited Sept. 16, 2015).





n54.  Agricultural Act of 2014 § 4405(a)(1)(A)-(L).





n55.  Id. § 4405.





n56.  See id.





n57.  Id. §§4405(c)(1) to (c)(2)(a)-(c).





n58.  Id. § 6014.





n59.  See infra Section II.





n60.  Tadlock Cowan, Cong. Research Serv., R47318, Rural Development Provisions
in the 2014 Farm Bill (P.L. 113-79) 5 (2014).





n61.  7 U.S.C. § 1932(g)(9)(A)(i)(I) (2012).





n62.  Agricultural Act of 2014 § 6014.





n63.  Id. § 6203.





n64.  Value Added Producer Grants, Rural Dev., USDA,
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/value-added-producer-grants (last
visited Sept. 16, 2015) [hereinafter Value Added].





n65.  Agricultural Act of 2014 § 6201.





n66.  Value Added, supra note 64.





n67.  Agricultural Act of 2014 § 7603.





n68.  Value Added, supra note 64.





n69.  Agricultural Act of 2014 § 6203.





n70.  Id.





n71.  See id.





n72.  Press Release, USDA, USDA Announces $ 25 Million for Agricultural
Entrepreneurs to Turn Commodities into Value-Added Products (Aug. 19, 2014),
available at
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdamediafb?contentid=2014/08/0183.xml&print
able=true&contentidonly=true.





n73.  Id.





n74.  Agricultural Act of 2014 §§10001-10017.





n75.  Id. § 10003.





n76.  Id.





n77.  Id.





n78.  Press Release, USDA, USDA Announces $ 97 Million Available to Expand
Access to Healthy Food, Support Rural Economies (Mar. 16, 2015), available at
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?contentid=2015/03/0064.xml&contenti
donly=true.





n79.  Id.





n80.  Agricultural Act of 2014 § 1003.





n81.  Farmers Market Promotion Program, Agric. Mktg. Serv., USDA,
http://www.ams.usda.gov/services/grants/fmpp (last visited Sept. 16, 2015).





n82.  Farmers Market Production Program Frequently Asked Questions, Agric. Mktg.
Serv., USDA (Mar. 6, 2015),
http://www.ams.usda.gov/sites/default/files/media/FMNPFAQ.pdf





n83.  Local Food Promotion Program, Agric. Mktg. Serv., USDA,
http://www.ams.usda.gov/services/grants/lfpp (last visited Sept. 16, 2015).





n84.  Id.





n85.  Id.





n86.  Agric. Mktg. Serv., USDA, Local Food Promotion Program 6-7 (2015),
available at http://www.ams.usda.gov/AMSv1.0/getfile?dDocName=STELPRDC5110857.





n87.  Id.





n88.  Id.





n89.  Agricultural Act of 2014, Pub. L. No. 113-79, § 10010, 128 Stat. 649,
949-50.





n90.  Id.





n91.  See id.





n92.  7 U.S.C. § 1621 (2012), amended by Agriculture Act of 2014 § 10010;
Specialty Crop Block Grant Program-Farm Bill, Agric. Mktg. Serv., USDA,
http://www.ams.usda.gov/services/grants/scbgp (last visited Sept. 16, 2015).





n93.  See Agricultural Act of 2014, § 10010.





n94.  Id. § 10010(k)(5)(B)(1)(E).





n95.  Food, Conservation and Energy Act of 2008, Pub. L. 110-234, §
10109(c)(j)(3), 122 Stat. 923, 1339.





n96.  See 2014 Farm Bill Drilldown: Local and Regional Food Systems, Healthy
Food Access, and Rural Development, NSAC's Blog (Feb. 11, 2014),
http://sustainableagriculture.net/blog/2014-farmbill-local-rd-organic/.





n97.  Id.





n98.  See Agricultural Act of 2014 § 10016.





n99.  Id. § 10016(a)(1).





n100.  Id. § 10016(a)(2)(4).





n101.  See id. § 10016.





n102.  See generally USDA, Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food,
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/knowyourfarmer?navid=KNOWYOURFARMER (last
visited Sept. 16, 2015).





n103.  See Our Mission, USDA, Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food,
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?navid=KYF_MISSION (last updated May
14, 2015).





n104.  Id.





n105.  Id.





n106.  See generally Grants, Loans & Support, USDA, Know Your Farmer, Your Food,
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?navid=KYF_GRANTS (last updated Apr.
20, 2015).





n107.  See Tools and Resources, USDA, Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food,
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?navid=KYF_RESOURCES (last updated
July 13, 2015).





n108.  Local Food Directories, Agric. Mktg. Serv., USDA,
http://www.usdalocalfooddirectories.com (last visited Sept. 26, 2015).





n109.  See id.





n110.  See id.





n111.  See id.





n112.  See id.





n113.  Id.





n114.  See id.





n115.  See Doug McKalip, Local Food, Local Places: Bringing Expertise and
Executive Thinking to Community Economic Development, White House Rural Council
(Dec. 3, 2014, 10:16 AM),
https://www.whitehouse.gov/blog/2014/12/03/local-food-local-places-bringing-expe
rtise-and-creative-thinking-community-economic-.





n116.  Id.





n117.  See id.





n118.  Id.





n119.  Local Foods, Local Places Announcement of Federal Assistance for
Sustainable Communities, Whitehouse.gov,
https://www.whitehouse.gov/sites/default/files/docs/announcement_-_local_foods_l
ocal_places_2014_final.pdf (last visited Sept. 16, 2015).





n120.  Press Release, USDA, Obama Administration Selects Communities to Develop
Local Food Projects, Encourage Economic Expansion (Dec. 3, 2014), available at
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?contentid=2014/12/0262.xml.





n121.  Id.





n122.  Renee Johnson et al., Cong. Research Serv., R42155, The Role of Local
Food Systems in U.S. Farm Policy 1 (Mar. 12, 2013).





n123.  Id.





n124.  Id.





n125.  See Organic Market Overview, Econ. Research Serv., USDA,
http://www.ers.usda.gov/topics/natural-resources-environment/organic-agriculture
/organic-market-overview.aspx (last updated Apr. 7, 2014) [hereinafter Organic
Market Overview].





n126.  Id.





n127.  Id.





n128.  See generally Benjamin L. Campbell et al., U.S. and Canadian Consumer
Perception of Local and Organic Terminology, 17 Int'l Food & Agribusiness Mgmt.
Rev. 21 (2014).





n129.  Id. at 26.





n130.  See Organic Market Overview, supra note 125.





n131.  See id.





n132.  See Organic Certification, 7 U.S.C.§§6514-6515 (2012); General
Requirements for Accreditation, 7 C.F.R. § 205.501 (2015).





n133.  Locavore Definition, Merriam-Webster,
http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/locavore (last visited Sept. 16,
2015).





n134.  Oxford Word of the Year: Locavore, OUPBlog (Nov. 12, 2007),
http://blog.oup.com/2007/11/locavore.





n135.  About, Invasivore.org, http://invasivore.org/about/ (last visited Sept.
16, 2015).





n136.  Nat'l Invasive Species Council, Invasive Species Definition Clarification
and Guidance White Paper 1 (2006), available at
http://www.invasivespeciesinfo.gov/docs/council/isacdef.pdf.





n137.  Browse Species & Recipes, Invasivore.org,
http://invasivore.org/browse-species-recipes (last visited Sept. 16, 2015).





n138.  Nat'l Invasive Species Council, National Invasive Species Management Plan
4 (2008), available at
https://www.doi.gov/sites/doi.gov/files/migrated/invasivespecies/upload/2008-201
2-National-Invasive-Management-Plan.pdf.





n139.  Coit, supra note 1, at 70.


                               4 of 75 DOCUMENTS


                                Birmingham Post

                             March 3, 2009 Tuesday
                                  1ST Edition

Mandelson's point by point reply to summit;
Exactly one month ago leading figures from industry, politics and academia
joined together at a unique Auto Industry Summit in Birmingham to draw up a
strategy that would save the region's car making industry during these
unprecedented times. This communique, in the form of a 10-point plan, was
subsequently delivered to Business Secretary Lord Mandelson at the CBI
Manufacturing Dinner two days later. Twenty-six days and thousands of lost jobs
later, here is Lord Mandelson's reply

BYLINE: Lord Mandelson

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1661 words


Thank you for your letter of 20 February inviting me to respond to the recent
West Midlands Auto Industry Summit's discussion. I would like to thank those who
have taken the time and effort to contribute to the document.

Let me deal with the questions in turn: 1-3. The argument, urgency and finance
(including the specific needs of Jaguar Land Rover) The Government understands
just how important the vehicle industry is to Britain.

A million people earn their living in the industry. It provides pounds
10billionadded value to the economy, attracts major inward investment and
accounts for a significant share of manufacturing research and development. And
the West Midlands is at the heart of Britain's car industry. The region accounts
for about a quarter of the total number of people in the industry. And Jaguar
Land Rover with its plants at Solihull, Castle Bromwich and Whitley, along with
its world class R&D facility at Gaydon, is at the core of the industry in the
region.

The Business Department is working closely with the industry and the people who
work in it to assess the impact of the "credit crunch" downturn and to devise
measures to tackle the challenges facing it.

The industry is in the front line of the current economic downturn with output
falling faster and further than any other manufacturing sector. We are
determined to prevent an irreversible loss of key capability, skills and
technology.

We are very aware of the industry's need for us to move with speed. I am pleased
to announce that last Friday we obtained clearance from Brussels for loans and
guarantees of up to pounds 2.3 billion.

We recognise the industry needs support, but I know your readers will also
expect the Government to make sure they, the taxpayer, gets value for money. We
are moving as fast as we can, but getting it right is important.

The Automotive Assistance Programme (AAP) Now we have clearance from Brussels
for these loans and loan guarantees, the urgent task is for the companies to
come forward with their fully worked out applications.

Business Department officials are already working with the companies on these
applications. They will be holding a seminar next week to bring together
industry, banks and the relevant trade bodies to make sure that the application
process runs as smoothly and effectively as possible. These schemes will
potentially help the whole sector. And Jaguar Land Rover, as a leading force in
the industry, is well placed to seek support.

4. Supply chain Many businesses in the car industry supply chain are benefiting
from our support for Small and Medium-sized Enterprises.

Since its launch at the start of the year more than 400 loans worth over pounds
40million have been offered through our Enterprise Finance Guarantee to support
small businesses. As many as 66,000 businesses have gained agreement to defer
payment of tax worth more thanpounds 1.2bn. And through the "Business Link"
service, Advantage West Midlands already provides a fast response service for
small businesses. The www.businesslink.gov.uk website promotes the "Real Help"
campaign, the finance support package and the Business Link "Health Checks".

5. Skills, training and wage support Skills are vital for this industry's
future.

Government has already provided considerable support for the development of
skills and training in the automotive sector in recent years, for instance
through the Automotive Academy which is now part of the National Skills Academy
for Manufacturing. Most recently, following demand from the automotive sector
for support under the "Train to Gain" scheme, the budget of pounds 65million has
been increased substantially up to pounds 100million.

The case for the introduction of training and wage subsidies has been put to us
by the automotive sector and others including the TUC and the Federation of
Small Businesses.

We are urgently assessing the contribution these proposals could make to
providing real help for the industry and the people who work in it.

6. Credit insurance We understand the problems faced by those companies relying
on credit insurance.

The Government needs to consider whether there is a potential intervention that
would allow businesses breathing space to reach new arrangements with lenders
and suppliers; while also protecting the interests of the taxpayer. My
department continues to look very carefully at these issues and is in
discussions with credit insurance providers.

7. Consumers Working closely with the SMMT- the car industry's trade body -
Trade and Investment Minister Lord Davies is engaged in talks with the Bank of
England and other financial institutions to explore possible ways of the car
industry finance arms getting more access to credit.

8. "Green" tax relief The automotive sector has put proposals for a scrap page
scheme to BERR and we are considering these. The proposals are potentially
costly for the taxpayer and they need careful examination. But we are working
closely with the industry to assess the costs and evidence on impact.

9. Integration Government understands the need for a comprehensive approach to
the issues facing the whole industry from manufacturers to supplier to
retailers. This is exactly why we are supporting business with a wide range of
initiatives which do link together. For example, the Enterprise Finance
Guarantee is open to companies with a turnover of up to pounds 25million, which
is why the lower limit for the AAP was chosen as pounds 25million and above.

The Asset Purchase Facility is a Bank of England fund of up to pounds 50 billion
to buy up high quality corporate bonds and other assets to support our monetary
policy objectives. The Bank, in consultation with HM Treasury, is considering
whether to expand the range of assets covered by the scheme and this may lead to
certain types of automotive loan backed securities becoming eligible.

10. The future Britain's car industry needs to be greener.

It needs to produce more, cleaner and fuel efficient vehicles using innovative
technologies to produce them.

That is why our industry loan and guarantee scheme will back greening the
industry.

The projects we expect it to support include those which contribute towards
meeting environmental and energy efficiency targets, reducing fuel consumption,
reducing carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions and achieving higher environmental
protection standards, and projects that introduce key technologies to the
sector.

I am also expecting a report from the industry-led New Automotive Innovation and
Growth Team (NAIGT) in spring 2009. The NAIGT has been working to develop a
long-term vision and an integrated national strategy for the UK automotive
sector which Government and industry can share.

Areas considered by NAIGT and its working groups have included business
environment, supply chain development and low carbon product
development/infrastructure.

Conclusion Finally I would like to reiterate the importance that the UK
Government places on the automotive sector and that we are determined that the
sector will continue to play a significant role in the future of UK
manufacturing and the development of lower carbon transport.

We are determined that the sector will continue to play a significant role in
the future of UK manufacturing

The reaction

Prof David Bailey, Birmingham Business School.

It is welcome that the government understands the strategic position of JLR in
the industry but firm action is needed quickly to support this vital company.

This is not a bail-out but intervention at commercial rates to support a leading
edge and successful company which the financial system seems incapable of
supporting.

It seems that measures to underpin credit insurance for the industry, credit
availability for consumers, and a scrappage scheme to stimulate demand are still
being considered. How much evidence does the government need? The government has
had months to tackle this - others have acted. Weface a critical loss of
capacity in an efficient industry because of a failure to act decisively. The
government is also still considering a part-time wage subsidy - why is it that
other governments have acted?

It seems that the asset purchase facility is not yet available to the auto
industry.

Why? This could genuinely assist firms like JLR. It is normal for firms to issue
bonds; the financial markets used to buy them - this is no longer the case.

The government intended to set up the APF last year; it became operational on
February 20. Why is manufacturing and the automotive sector still excluded? It
was too little too late yesterday, and it's even later today. Most
disappointing.

Rachel Eade, Accelerate

The reply today is welcomed in part and it is reassuring to see that he is
listening to the many voices in the Midlands and understands the very real and
complex task of surviving in the automotive industry in and beyond 2009.

Weneed details of the application criteria well-disseminated in the business
support and banking community so good applications can be made and quickly
assessed. Many companies are getting to the point of no return and loan approval
without too many hurdles is crucial.

On another issue, if it has taken a month to get real potential funds how long
will it take for them to agree some form of wage/training support. This is the
major request from companies to ensure they can retain the skills and commitment
of workforce. Failure to act will mean losing skills we may never get back. Make
no mistake, this support will help employment confidence, which should in turn
aid consumer confidence and may then aid general demand.

We have in excess of 1,500 automanufacturers in the West Midlands, so even if
all400 successful applicants are in our region this is less than a third! A
vehicles crapping scheme would help generate demand. The message from Accelerate
is simple - the ideas are great but action speaks louder than words.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                               5 of 75 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright 2017 GlobalData Ltd., All Rights Reserved
                              GlobalData - Events

                                 March 14, 2017

                          Nuclear Industry Association

                        5th Floor, 10 Southampton Street
                                london WC2E 7HA
                                 United Kingdom

* * * * * * * * * * EVENTS * * * * * * * * * *


Nuclear Decommissioning Authority Appoints David Peattie as Chief Executive
Officer

   Mar 01, 2017

   The Nuclear Decommissioning Authority (NDA) has announced the appointment of
David Peattie as its Chief Executive Officer (CEO).David will be responsible for
leading the NDA in the decommissioning and clean-up of 17 legacy nuclear sites
across the UK, including Sellafield. He will assume the role from today, 1 March
2017, when the outgoing CEO, John Clarke, will step down after five years in the
role.The appointment was made by the non-executive members of the NDA Board,
with the approval of the Business, Energy and Industrial Strategy Secretary of
State Greg Clark. In addition, as announced on 22 December 2016, Stephen Henwood
stepped down yesterday (28 February 2017) on completion of his third term of
office as NDA Chairman. He is being replaced by Tom Smith who was previously a
Non-Executive Director of the NDA. NDA Chairman Tom Smith said: &ldquoDavid
brings with him significant global experience of leadership in the energy, oil
and gas industries, and a strong track record in tackling complex commercial and
engineering challenges in the UK and internationally. &ldquoI am delighted the
NDA has secured a new CEO of such calibre and experience and I am looking
forward to working with him in driving forward delivery of the vital mission to
clear up the UK&rsquos nuclear legacy. &ldquoI would like to offer warm thanks
to retiring Chief Executive John Clarke and would also like to thank Stephen for
his excellent stewardship of the NDA over the last 9 years, and wish him well
for the future. It has been a pleasure to serve on the board under him.&rdquo
Energy Minister Jesse Norman said: &ldquoThe NDA carries out essential work
decommissioning and cleaning up the UK&rsquos nuclear legacy, keeping our
citizens safe and secure and protecting the environment. David&rsquos
considerable experience in roles across the energy sector makes him well-placed
to lead the organisation and take this vital work forward. &ldquoI would also
like to thank Stephen Henwood and John Clarke for their years of service and
wish John well in retirement.&rdquo David Peattie said: &ldquoIt is a privilege
to have been asked to take on this important role, which is central to
delivering the important mission of decommissioning the UK&rsquos nuclear
legacy. &ldquoThe NDA, its subsidiaries and Site Licence Companies, have a
highly-skilled and focused workforce, and I look forward to working with them to
drive forward progress on clearing our sites for future generations.&rdquo Prior
to taking up his role at the NDA David Peattie was Chief Executive Officer at
Fairfield Energy, where he led the successful turnaround of performance of North
Sea assets and oversaw the start of the decommissioning project for the Dunlin
Alpha Platform. David began his career at British Petroleum in 1979 as a
petroleum engineer and during his 33 years at the company held a number of
technical, commercial and senior management positions. His roles at BP included
Head of BP Group Investor Relations, Commercial Director of BP Chemicals, Deputy
Head of global Exploration & Production, Head of BP Group Planning, and finally
as Head of BP Russia where he was responsible for BP&rsquos interests in the
TNK-BP joint venture as well as its businesses in the Russian Arctic and
Sakhalin. In addition, he was BP&rsquos lead Director on the board of TNK-BP and
Chairman of its Health, Safety and Environment Committee. David is a Chartered
Engineer and Member of Institute of Mining and Metallurgy (Petroleum
Engineering).


CGN, Ultra Electronics sign MoU in London

   Mar 01, 2017

   CGN and Ultra Electronics signed a memorandum of understanding (MoU) at an
annual civil nuclear energy event organized by the UK's Nuclear Industry
Association and Department for International Trade in London on Feb 28.The MoU
covers cooperation on instruments, sensors, detectors and radiation monitoring,
among others.Wang Yongjiao, deputy group leader of CGN&rsquos UK project, signed
the MoU on behalf of CGN. Zheng Dongshan, senior vice president of CGN, and Mark
Anderson CB, global marketing director at Ultra Electronics, also attended the
ceremony. The two companies have collaborated in a variety of projects in the
past, including the Ling Ao Nuclear Power Plant Phase II. The signing of the
latest MoU is of great significance, as it lays a foundation for the
companies&rsquocollaboration on both Chinese and overseas nuclear power
projects.


NOF Energy announces partnership with UK Export Finance

   Oct 14, 2016

   NOF Energy has forged a new partnership with UK Export Finance to support
supply chain companies' international trade ambitions.<p style="text-align:
justify">UK Export Finance is the UK&rsquos export credit agency and a
government department, working alongside the Department for International Trade
to support British exporters.<p style="text-align: justify">Working with NOF
Energy, UKEF can offer specialist export finance and insurance to companies in
the energy sector, as well as face-to-face guidance through its network of 24
Export Finance Advisers based across the UK. UKEF support can help UK companies
win export contracts, by providing attractive financial terms to their
buyersfulfil contracts, by supporting working capital loansand get paid, by
insuring against buyer default. <p style="text-align: justify">UKEF has already
provided significant support for the energy industry, with &pound586m worth of
support for exports in the energy sector between April 2015 and March 2016. This
new partnership with NOF Energy is designed to increase awareness among supply
chain companies to further develop the UK&rsquos international trade activity.
<p style="text-align: justify">The support provided by the department has grown
in recent years, with 279 companies supported in 2015/6, an increase of 23
percent on the previous year.&nbspMore than three quarters of these companies
were SMEs.&nbspIn total, UKEF delivered &pound1.8bn in support for exports to 69
countries around the world. <p style="text-align: justify">NOF Energy has an
extensive UK partner network, which provides insight, expertise and support for
its near-500 strong group of member companies.&nbspUKEF join a cohort of 25
organisations including Renewable UK, The Nuclear Industry Association and the
Local Enterprise Partnerships in North East England, which work with NOF Energy
and its members. <p style="text-align: justify">Joanne Leng MBE, Deputy Chief
Executive, NOF Energy, said: &ldquoWe are very pleased to have agreed this new
partnership with UKEF.&nbspThe innovation and experience of the energy sector
supply chain has earned it a strong reputation in global markets, which opens
doors for British companies.&nbspHowever, finance can be an issue for SMEs when
building their export business, but the support of organisations such as UKEF
can enable companies to compete on an international stage.&rdquo <p
style="text-align: justify">Richard Simon-Lewis, Head of Civil, Infrastructure
and Energy at UK Export Finance, said: &ldquoWe are delighted to be working with
NOF Energy and its members to help them realise their ambitions to sell
overseas.&nbspOur mission is to ensure that no viable UK export fails for lack
of finance or insurance, and the energy sector is one in which the UK has
significant expertise that is in high demand in international markets.&rdquo


NIA and French Nuclear Society Sign MoU at World Nuclear Exhibition

   Jun 29, 2016

   The Nuclear Industry Association and the French Nuclear Society, SFEN, have
signed a Memorandum of Understanding, committing to work together to further the
nuclear sector in both the UK and France.The agreement, signed by NIA Chief
Executive, Tom Greatrex and Christophe BÃ©har, President of SFEN at the World
Nuclear Exhibition in Paris on 29 June 2016, recognises the importance of
nuclear energy for sustainable development and the need for continued
co-operation between UK and French industries as new nuclear generation is
developed in Europe.Nuclear is part of the solution to fight climate change, as
a low carbon source of constant and reliable power, which can help ensure
emissions reductions targets are met, as part of a balanced low carbon
generation mix. Through this agreement, the UK and French organisations, will
work together to promote collaboration between industries and skilled workforces
in both countries. Tom Greatrex, Chief Executive, Nuclear Industry Association,
said: "While the referendum last week signalled that the UK will begin the
process of leaving the European Union, it certainly does not mean the end of
cooperation between the UK and EU member states. The nuclear industry is a
global industry, working across many countries to support low carbon, reliable
power generation. Both the UK and France have been at the forefront of the
European nuclear industry and this remains the case today. The referendum result
does not change the fact that the UK needs new nuclear power stations to ensure
we meet our own legally binding climate targets and keep the lights on as older
power stations close over the next decade. "The UK will continue to work as part
of the international nuclear industry, with particularly close co-operation with
the French industry, who have great expertise as well as an experienced and
developed supply chain. This MoU will strengthen an already strong Anglo-French
civil nuclear relationship, and will help the industry ensure opportunities for
businesses are maximised in both countries." Christophe BÃ©har, President of
SFEN, said: "Nuclear energy - low carbon energy, efficient, competitive and
always available - is part of the solution to the challenge of climate change.
The world must use all low-carbon energy sources, including nuclear energy, if
it is to limit climate change while still meeting development goals." "This MoU
fosters the long cooperation between France and United Kingdom, enabling both
countries to deliver a safe and low carbon nuclear energy and to reduce CO2
emissions while providing economic and industrial development." "Today's MoU
strengthen the SFEN and NIA relationship, fostering the advancement of science
and technology in the area of nuclear energy, as well as knowledge sharing
between experts from both countries. Consequently, it will contribute to
supporting the development of nuclear energy in United Kingdom, so the country
is to have the best tools to mitigate climate change."


ONS figures highlight nuclear power's economic contribution in the UK

   Apr 06, 2016

   The Nuclear Industry Association has welcomed new official data from the
Office for National Statistics which shows the vital contribution nuclear power
generation makes to the economy.The statistics, released for the first time and
part of the low carbon and renewable energy data series, show nuclear generation
and new build activities contributed £3.5 billion to the economy in 2014, with
15,500 people employed full time.The figures also show how the industry is
spread across the whole of the UK, with 19% of the sector's turnover and 13% of
the workforce, coming from Scotland. Tom Greatrex, Chief Executive of the
Nuclear Industry Association, said: "The nuclear sector has played an important
role in keeping the lights on across the UK for over 50 years. These official
statistics highlight the continued economic contribution of existing nuclear
power generation operations. "Significantly, the statistics do not include the
level of employment in decommissioning and nuclear supply chain with the NIA's
authoritative jobs map putting the level of employment in the UK nuclear sector
at 63,500. "While some commentators pit low carbon technologies against each
other, each has a role to play and must work together if the UK is to replace
the ageing generation plant, improve security of supply and reduce our carbon
emission in line with legally binding targets. "To meet the UK's objective of a
secure low carbon generation mix, new nuclear will need to be part of a broad
mix for the future."


NIA welcomes the commitment to the next generation of nuclear reactors

   Mar 16, 2016

   The Nuclear Industry Association (NIA) has welcomed today's Budget
announcement which gives clarity on the competition programme for small modular
nuclear reactors (SMRs) and promises a roadmap for their delivery.The NIA
believes SMRs could play a complementary role in the UK's nuclear landscape and
is pleased a delivery roadmap will be produced. This alongside the
recommendations from the National Infrastructure Commission will help bolster
the UK's energy capacity and will play a role, alongside nuclear new build, in
boosting energy security.However, it is disappointing the Chancellor has left a
decision on the carbon floor price to later in the year. In its submission ahead
of the Budget, the NIA wanted to see an increase to the current £18/tonne cap to
the Carbon Price Floor to support continued investment in vital low carbon
energy infrastructure. The NIA believes a fair carbon price is important for
decarbonisation and investment in future low carbon technologies and we believe
a strong carbon price and access to a market-wide, technology neutral capacity
mechanism will be critical factors. Furthermore, there were no mentions of key
policies which will help boost investor confidence in new low carbon
infrastructure, such as the Levy Control Framework and Infrastructure UK
guarantees. The measures to change the business rates system and coupled with
the changes to the wider business tax system could potentially help many small
nuclear businesses. Tom Greatrex, Chief Executive of the Nuclear Industry
Association, said: "While we welcome the progress made in advancing small
nuclear reactor development in the UK, it is disappointing the long-term
direction of the carbon price floor will not be set out until the Autumn
Statement and that there was no announcement in relation to the levy control
framework, for investment in low carbon infrastructure beyond 2020. "These are
key market mechanisms to provide investor confidence for long term projects and
clarity is important in concluding long-term investment decisions. "Small
modular reactors could potentially play a significant complementary role to the
UK's existing new build programme and it is welcome that the Government is
looking seriously at the development of SMRs. It is important that the road map,
the Chancellor has promised by the autumn should maximise the opportunities for
UK industry."


Nuclear industry commits to public engagement

   Dec 03, 2015

   Nuclear sector organisations have endorsed a Nuclear Industry Council (NIC)
Concordat on public engagement, committing to build upon what the industry
already does to engage with the public.The Concordat, launched by co-Chair of
the NIC, Lord John Hutton, at the Nuclear Industry Association annual conference
in London, commits organisations to engaging with society on nuclear matters and
providing leadership to encourage people in their organisations to engage
confidently with the public.Lord Hutton, co-Chairman of the Nuclear Industry
Council, said: "The industry already engages in public outreach - especially in
areas where they operate, or plan to build. This can be through open public
consultations or school events, but as an industry we need to get the message to
a wider audienceto those people who aren't in nuclear communities but benefit
from the low carbon, secure source of energy nuclear provides. "The aim is to
take the narrative beyond the media, by encouraging people to be proud of the
sector and the work they dohaving the confidence to talk to other parents in the
school playground, or to family and friends. Helping the wider public understand
what nuclear is, can help change opinion about the sector." The Concordat,
developed by an industry-wide group as part of the NIC, sets out four main
principles for communication which organisations should use as part of their
strategy: -Leadership commitment: taking public attitudes seriously and
embedding public engagement into strategic and operational plans-Best practice:
ensuring organisations listen to and consult the public, are open and
transparent on key issues, and are clear and consistent-Effective communicators:
recognise that people are ambassadors and that industry experts as well as
industry leaders have a role to play in public communication-Making a
difference: measuring public opinion and monitoring what the public want to hear
about to ensure a better understanding of civil nuclear Professor Andrew Sherry,
Chief Scientist at the UK National Nuclear Laboratory and Chair of the Public
Understanding of Nuclear Energy workstream of the NIC, said: "The aim is that by
formally endorsing these four principles and working them out in practical terms
the UK nuclear industry will become increasingly effective in engaging with the
public, and importantly, the UK's nuclear workforce will feel better equipped to
talk about the important role they play in helping to deliver low carbon
electricity to the country. "I believe that this work represents an important
step in the UK nuclear industry recognising the need firstly to become more open
about the work which we do and secondly to work harder to engage and inform the
public about activities and opportunities all across the sector."


Public say, nuclear must play a role in reducing emissions: Nuclear Industry
Association

   Dec 03, 2015

   A majority of the public agree the UK should use nuclear and renewables to
meets its legally binding emission reduction targets according to new figures
released by the Nuclear Industry Association (NIA) at its annual conference
Nuclear - Powering the UK.As world leaders meet in Paris at the COP21
international climate change negotiations, a poll of more than 2,000 people has
found 57% believe the Government should use low-carbon technologies, including
nuclear and renewables, to reach its emission targets. In contrast only 11% of
the public disagree with the statement and 32% neither agree or disagree or
don't know.Furthermore, the research shows 64% of the public think climate
change is a "serious and urgent problem" or "definitely happening". Nuclear
energy is a clean form of electricity generation and the power generated by the
UK's nuclear fleet avoids the emission of 40 million tonnes of CO2 every year -
the equivalent of taking around half of Britain's cars of the roads. In
addition, over its life-time, each power station emits around five tonnes of CO2
per gigawatt hour of electricity generated, compared with nearly 500 tonnes from
gas and more than 900 tonnes from coal. The findings also show twice as many
people support (41%) rather than oppose (20%) the UK's current new build plans
to replace the nuclear power stations which will be phased out over the next few
years. Similar to previous surveys, men (66%) are substantially more favourable
towards new nuclear power than women (36%). Keeping the lights on, job creation
and investment are all seen as advantages of nuclear energy but 64% of the
public are concerned about nuclear waste, a clear illustration that it remains
the main public issue for the sector. By virtue of being one of the earliest
nations to develop nuclear power, the UK is a world leader in nuclear
decommissioning and waste management. The nuclear legacy of the country's
state-funded industry is the industry's most serious issue and one which is
being tackled effectively at Sellafield and across the Nuclear Decommissioning
Authority estate. Lessons have been learnt and the cost of decommissioning new
nuclear power stations are well understood. As a result each new build operator
will fund its eventual decommissioning cost through the Funded Decommissioning
Programme. Keith Parker, Chief Executive of the Nuclear Industry Association
said: "This poll endorses the Government's continued commitment to nuclear
power. The public clearly recognise the important role nuclear energy plays in
helping to keep the lights on and reduce the UK's carbon emissions. "With all
but one of the UK's nuclear power stations due to close by the end of the 2020s,
not only will the country lose a fifth of its generating capacity but CO2
emissions will rise and the country will undoubtedly become more dependent on
imported energy. New nuclear power is essential for the UK and is the perfect
complement to intermittent renewables in the UK's fight against climate change
and air pollution."


European Commission approves waste transfer contracts

   Oct 09, 2015

   The European Commission has approved the UK pricing methodology for waste
transfer contracts. This methodology establishes the price new nuclear operators
will pay to dispose of spent fuel and intermediate level waste and ensures that
it will be the operator and not the taxpayer who will pay to dispose waste at
new nuclear sites.Welcoming the approval Keith Parker, Chief Executive, Nuclear
Industry Association said:"We welcome the Commission's decision on the waste
transfer contract. The endorsement of the UK's responsible plans for ensuring
the cost of dealing with and storing waste is paid for by the operator, is
another clear signal that nuclear power can play a key role in the UK's energy
mix."


Conservative's commit to regeneration of the UK's energy infrastructure

   Oct 05, 2015

   The Nuclear Industry Association has announced to set up an independent,
all-party, National Infrastructure Commission. Led by cross bench peer, Lord
Adonis, the Commission will offer analysis on the UK's long-term infrastructure
needs, with energy already outlined as a key sector. Keith Parker, Chief
Executive, Nuclear Industry Association said:"Large scale projects are often
affected by the political life cycle and an all-party commission should
eradicate this issue and provide certainty for both the public and investors.
"New energy infrastructure has already been outlined as one of the Commission's
first tasks and renewing our nuclear fleet will be critical to ensure the lights
stay on. Nuclear currently generates 20% of the UK's electricity but all but one
of these stations are set to close in the next decade. "If Parliament is serious
about decarbonising the UK's electricity sector at the lowest possible cost it
must continue its support for the current 16GW nuclear new build programme.
Hinkley Point C alone will generate 7% of the UK's electricity at a stable cost
whilst avoiding 10 million tonnes of carbon dioxide emissions a year. "The
Commission must also push ahead with plans for a Geological Disposal Facility


NIA's civil nuclear commitment

   Sep 21, 2015

   The Nuclear Industry Association (NIA) said that the Government's support for
the Hinkley Point C project as a major step in securing a Final Investment
Decision.Lord John Hutton, Chairman of the Nuclear Industry Association
said:"Today's announcement is a vital step in securing the final investment
decision for the UK's first new nuclear power station in a generation. Hinkley
Point C will be the first of a series of new nuclear reactors across the UK, and
investment from around the world will be vital. "China is the world's fastest
growing nuclear nation and its expertise in new build projects will be of great
value to the UK's revitalised nuclear industry. "The loan guarantee provides
much needed security for investors and will help facilitate the construction of
the station which will generate low carbon, reliable electricity for millions of
homes for more than half a century." Additionally, the Chancellor, George
Osborne has announced further progress designed to develop the UK-China civil
nuclear partnership. A new, co-funded £50 million civil nuclear research
facility, to be based in the UK will link together the two nations. Lord Hutton
continued: "The collaboration outlined by the Chancellor and the jointly funded
state of the art research and innovation centre will create jobs and develop
skills in both China and the UK. "The UK has unprecedented know-how across the
waste management and decommissioning sector and exporting these skills into one
of the most ambitious nuclear industries is another coup for UK-plc."


NIA recruiting for Chief Executive

   Aug 06, 2015

   The civil nuclear industry deals with some of the biggest challenges which
the world energy market has to address by delivering on the growing
international needs for clean (low-carbon) energy. Whether through existing
operations, waste management, recycling or decommissioning, to potential
£multi-billion investments in the nuclear new build sector, the global nuclear
industry is playing a vital role.NIA are looking to appoint a natural leader
with a clear vision and initiative, to deliver the strategic plans and
opportunities, current and future. This is a fantastic opportunity to drive
forward a key industry, at a critical moment in time.The Nuclear Industry
Association (NIA), is a UK-wide London-based trade association representing some
260 companies in the UK civil nuclear sector with global reach. The NIA believes
that nuclear energy is essential to meet the UK's future clean energy needs, and
we require a visionary with the drive and determination to lead and influence
unique initiatives and projects on behalf of the companies which we represent.
Role overviewThe full-time position will be based in the NIA's London (Covent
Garden) offices and the Chief Executive will report directly to the Chairman.
The successful candidate will be accountable to the Chairman and the Board for
the overall strategy, operational management and leadership of the NIA.


NIA signs MoU with Nuclear South West

   Jul 31, 2015

   The Nuclear Industry Association has announced the signing of a Memorandum of
Understanding with Nuclear South West, a new not-for-profit initiative set up by
Business West and Davies Nuclear Associates to support both existing and
aspiring nuclear sector businesses in the South West.Home to a wide range of
nuclear projects across the nuclear life-cycle, the South West is unique in the
UK with two sites earmarked for new build by different developers as well as a
raft of other substantial nuclear projects. Nuclear South West, based on the
Britain's Energy Coast Business Cluster model, will be officially launched at
Leigh Court, Bristol in September 2015. It aims to support new and existing
initiatives and provide a pan-region and pan-industry approach, linking and
collaborating with other regional initiatives to benefit the supply chain and
stakeholders, particularly SMEs.Keith Parker, Chief Executive, Nuclear Industry
Association said: "The South West will be home to the UK's first new nuclear
reactor in a generation and this initiative will help organisations in the
region benefit from the enormous opportunities that it will bring. That is on
top of other nuclear projects in decommissioning, existing generation, defence
and research. The region has a lot to offer and this is a timely intervention.
"The NIA has been working for years readying the supply chain for new build. The
key now is working with regional organisations like Nuclear South West to help
activities already underway, prevent duplication and support new initiatives
effectively." Phil Smith, Managing Director, Business West said: "Kick-started
by Hinkley new build, the South West has seen a flurry of business interest in
the nuclear industry. Business West's interest in Nuclear South West is to build
on the existing mostly Hinkley-focused activity and help grow in the South West
a truly world class nuclear supply chain. There is so much for businesses to do
with new build and beyond and we want to make sure the region is ready."


NuGen's First-Stage Public Consultation Ends on a High

   Jul 27, 2015

   The first stage of NuGen's public consultation on early-stage proposals to
develop a new nuclear power station in West Cumbria has drawn to a close.The
10-week programme finished on 25th July after 26 consultation events and more
than 1,700 visitors had their say on NuGen's plans for delivering Moorside Power
Station - which could provide up to seven per cent of the UK's electricity
requirements.The stage-one, or strategic issues consultation covered broad
locations and search areas for associated developments, and the approaches NuGen
will take in delivering the largest private investment West Cumbria has ever
seen. Fergus McMorrow, NuGen's planning lead in Cumbria, said: "We have had a
fantastic response to our consultation. The numbers of people through the doors,
and those logging-on to use the online portal, has surpassed all our
expectations. "It's not just the sheer number of visitors that's impressed us,
but their level of interest and engagement. For example, we've had lots of
people come back to see us on several occasions to find out more information or
to give us greater in-depth feedback. I'd like to thank everyone who has taken
their time to come and see us and to have their say, they've made the last 10
weeks very informative and enjoyable." One of the last events, held at
Sellafield Site, took place straight after the announcement that a land contract
had been signed with the Nuclear Decommissioning Authority, confirming the
Moorside site as suitable to build three AP1000Â® reactors capable of generating
3.4GW of low-carbon electricity. NuGen will now begin to collate and process all
the feedback received during the consultation and will take all the responses
into account when developing its proposals. These proposals will form the basis
of the second stage consultation which is scheduled to start in May 2016.


NNL Signs First Research Contract with Chinese Firm

   Jul 15, 2015

   NNL is pleased to announce that the company has signed a research contract
with China Nuclear Power Engineering Company Limited (CNPE) - a subsidiary
company of China National Nuclear Corporation (CNNC). The contract is NNL's
first with a Chinese company and follows several visits over the past year by
NNL staff to China, and reciprocal visits to the UK by Chinese nuclear
executives. During one of those previous visits, NNL and CNNC signed a
Memorandum of Understanding in June 2014 at a signing ceremony in London. As
well as being a notable first for NNL, this is also the first contract CNNC or
one of its subsidiaries have signed with a UK company for nuclear work to be
undertaken in the UK.The workscope will cover various aspects of reactor design,
including consideration of environmental impact, materials selection and the
corrosion properties of relevant materials during use in reactor systems. NNL
Managing Director Paul Howarth said: "This contract marks an important milestone
for NNL in terms of the relationship which we have with the nuclear industry in
China. Over the past two years we have been talking to Chinese colleagues about
different ways in which we can help them, based on the wealth of experience we
have of nuclear plant operation and performance in the UK. A great deal of
excellent work has been done by many colleagues in NNL over that period and I am
grateful to everyone who has helped to play a part in getting us to this point.
I am delighted to see the signing of this contract and I hope it will be the
first of many which we are able to sign with Chinese customers over the months
and years to come." CNPE Deputy General Manager Jiang Hong commented: "This
contract is part of CNNC's ongoing efforts to introduce its nuclear technology
into the UK market. We recognise that support from NNL and other UK nuclear
companies is an essential part of these efforts. We hope that this contract
serves as a starting point for further and wider collaboration with NNL as well
as other nuclear companies in the UK and will help to stimulate the promotion of
CNNC's nuclear technology across the entire UK nuclear industry."


Atkins debates international opportunities at NIA Nuclear New Build Conference

   Jun 29, 2015

   Julianne Antrobus, strategy and business development director in Atkins'
nuclear division, will discuss the challenges and opportunities for UK companies
working in the international nuclear sector and how to win more work overseas,
at the Nuclear Industry Association (NIA) Nuclear New Build Conference on
Tuesday 30 June. In a panel session about how companies can win work
internationally, Julianne will discuss the challenges and opportunities that
British companies face when looking to enter overseas markets and win more work.
She will also debate what more the Government and industry can do to support the
supply chain, and explore how lessons learned from decommissioning activities
and new developments in nuclear technology could help to make the UK's nuclear
new build programme a success.Chaired by BBC presenter Steph McGovern, Julianne
will be joined on the panel by Dr Colin Elcoate, vice president, business
development for power at SPX PowerDawn James, vice president for nuclear
generation and defence at Amec Foster Wheelerand Ian Crawford, managing director
of Centronic. The 2015 conference will showcase the progress being made in the
sector and provide a forum to hear from developers and the supply chain,
discussing domestic and international opportunities and challenges, as well as
technology updates, knowledge sharing, and training and skills.


NuGen announces new Deputy Chairman

   Jun 22, 2015

   NuGen, the UK new nuclear build developer, announced that Robert Armour has
been appointed by the board as Deputy Chairman of the company.Mr. Armour brings
over 25 years' experience in the UK nuclear sector, having formerly been General
Counsel and Corporate Affairs Director of British Energy Group, and, before
that, Company Secretary and Legal Adviser at Scottish Nuclear.Mr Armour was a
pivotal member of the British Energy team during the government-backed
restructuring of the company between 2002-2005, and instrumental in the
turnaround of British Energy's nuclear performance. Having been a board member
of a UK nuclear licencee for over a decade and as a former member of the Civil
Nuclear Police Authority, his experience will help the Board to develop the
organisation of the company, and to position it with key external stakeholders,
as it progresses the Moorside development. Since 2010, Mr. Armour has been
Senior Counsel in the London office of Gowlings, an international legal
practice, advising on nuclear and wider energy matters. He is also a
non-executive director of the Nuclear Liabilities Fund, Albion Community Power
plc, and chair of Smarter Grid Solutions Ltd. In 2013 Mr. Armour chaired the
Expert Commission on Energy Regulation established by the Scottish Government
looking at future regulatory models. Previously he was a director of Equiniti
David Venus, a Board Governance consultancy, and chair of the Scottish Council
for the Development of Industry (SCDI). NuGen's Board warmly welcomed Mr.
Armour's appointment. NuGen chairman Shigenori Shiga said: "We welcome Robert
Armour to the NuGen team. His knowledge and expertise will be of great
assistance as we move forward with our Moorside project in Cumbria." Paul
Rorive, member of the NuGen Board said: " We are very pleased to have Robert
Armour in the NuGen team. He will be a valuable advocate for our programme given
his prominence within the UK nuclear industry." NuGen is building-up its UK
nuclear expertise as the company moves forward with its Moorside project, with
plans to deliver 3.4GW of new nuclear at the site adjacent to the Sellafield
complex.


NuGen announces new Chief Executive Officer

   Jun 01, 2015

   NuGen, the UK new nuclear build developer, today (1 June) announced that Tom
Samson will take over as Chief Executive Officer to lead the company's Moorside
Project. Mr. Samson is a globally-renowned mega-infrastructure development
specialist, with extended experience in developing organisational structures,
corporate governance, and joint-venture partnership relations.He will be leaving
his post as Chief Operating Officer at Emirates Nuclear Energy Corporation
(ENEC), based in Abu Dhabi, where he has helped develop the company delivering
new nuclear units at Barakah, which will supply up to 25 per cent of the
Emirate's electricity by 2020. Mr. Samson will continue to drive NuGen forward
to create a company capable of delivering the next generation of nuclear
reactors to provide safe, reliable and secure electricity to the United Kingdom
with the planned development and delivery of the Moorside Project, one of the
largest infrastructure projects in Europe. The project aims to build three
reactors capable of producing seven per cent of the UK's future electricity at
the site, to the north and west of Sellafield, West Cumbria. UK-born Mr. Samson
completed his Bachelor of Engineering studies at Edinburgh's Napier University
in 1990 and began his career in Manchester at GEC Alstom as a design engineer
working on CCGT power plants before joining Marubeni Corporation, where over the
years he has undertaken a number of leadership roles in energy and
infrastructure projects in the USA, Caribbean, UAE and Europe, gaining a
reputation for creating shareholder value and delivering successful projects. He
takes over from interim Chief Executive, Sandy Rupprecht, who successfully
developed and concluded the negotiations that led to Toshiba and ENGIE (formerly
GDF SUEZ) becoming new owners of NuGen in 2014 - and who re-established the
company as a credible nuclear project developer.NuGen's Chairman, Shigenori
Shiga said the company was delighted to announce the news. "We warmly welcome
Tom Samson to NuGen. Mr. Samson is an internationally-renowned large
infrastructure project developer. He has a strong track record in project
development and successful project delivery in the power sector, a wealth of
experience of working in a multinational environment and cross cultures,
long-term vision and strong leadership. We are confident his expertise and
experience will advance our exciting project." The company entered a first-stage
public consultation as part of its Development Consent Order work, and is
consulting with the general public at 22 venues across Cumbria between May and
July. Mr. Samson will now lead NuGen as the company takes forward detailed plans
for one of the largest infrastructure projects in Europe, on the path to
becoming a leading UK power producer.


Nuclear industry showcases UK talent

   Jan 27, 2015

   The Nuclear Industry Association (NIA) and UK Trade and Investment (UKTI)
will showcase the best of British supply chain expertise in a three-day event,
to help UK firms capture a significant proportion of the international nuclear
market.Nuclear sector representatives from more than 20 countries will arrive in
London for the start of the joint industry and Government Civil Nuclear Energy
Showcase 2015, which starts today. The event will allow delegates to learn from
UK experience, build relationships as well as discuss potential partnerships and
project collaboration across the whole nuclear lifecycle.The Showcase will also
see the launch of a new export brochure, highlighting the vital contribution the
UK nuclear supply chain can make to nuclear new build as well as decommissioning
projects across the world. The brochure showcases the best of the best in the UK
supply chain, underpinning the sector's 60-year experience. UKTI will use the
brochure in UK embassies overseas to promote the strong work undertaken by the
sector to nuclear power operators across the world. The UK's Nuclear Industrial
Strategy suggests UK firms could capture significant share in markets around the
world, totalling £8 billion by 2025. The potential commercial opportunities for
the industry are vast, with the World Nuclear Association predicting the
start-up of 266 new reactors by 2030, with an investment of some $1.2 trillion.
When power plant construction and refurbishment projects are included the
international market for suppliers could be worth $30 billion per year. In
addition, around 50 to 60 nuclear reactors are expected to be dismantled in the
European Economic Area alone in the same time-frame, providing more
opportunities. Keith Parker, Chief Executive, Nuclear Industry Association,
said: "The UK has 60 years of nuclear sector expertise and the supply chain is
already winning contracts across the world. With experience in supporting
nuclear new build, the safe and reliable operation of nuclear plants, developing
the technical solutions to maintain and extend their running lives, and
ultimately decommission them, the UK is world-class. These skills will be
invaluable for other countries with existing nuclear programmes, and we are
delighted to be a part of this event." Simon Carter, Deputy Director, Head Civil
Nuclear Energy, UKTI said: "The UK continues to be at the forefront of nuclear
innovation and development, and this year's showcase event attracting over 350
delegates from across the globe is testament to this. "The experience and
expertise of UK companies in this sector can make a substantial contribution to
overseas nuclear programmes and UKTI along with the Nuclear Industry Council are
working closely to support UK companies access these high value these
opportunities."


Support for civil nuclear grows

   Dec 04, 2014

   Twice as many people support building new nuclear power stations than oppose
it according to a new poll released today by the Nuclear Industry Association
(NIA).The poll of more than 2,000 people across the UK found 45% support
building new nuclear power stations to replace existing plants, while only 20%
oppose. Furthermore, this support has grown more than 10 percentage points in
the past decade, up from 35% in 2004.More than two-thirds (68%) of those who
support building new nuclear power stations DO SO to ensure the UK is more
self-sufficient and 66% believe it will reduce reliance on coal and gas. Lack of
knowledge on how the sector deals with waste continues to be the main
disadvantage, with 82% of those who oppose building citing this as their main
concern. However, a third of respondents said they were aware of how the
industry currently deals with waste, but only a fifth (21%) knew about future
plans for waste disposal. Looking at perception of nuclear energy in general,
reliability of supply (64%) remains the number one advantage - an increase of
seven percentage points in the last two years - followed by job creation and
investment (61%). Just over two-thirds of respondents (39%) cite public safety
as the main disadvantage, however this has fallen from 46% in 2012. With energy
security high on the political agenda, almost three-quarters (71%) of
respondents are concerned about importing energy from other countries. Of those
who have concerns, 85% cite relying on other countries as the main reason and
67% say the cost of importing is their main concern. The level of concern about
importing energy also increases with age as 16-24 year olds are least concerned
(48%), compared with 45-54 year olds (78%) and 65+ at 84%. Keith Parker, Chief
Executive of the Nuclear Industry Association said: "The UK is on the cusp of a
major programme of nuclear new build and the industry has to make sure that
people trust and understand the sector. The UK is in the unique position of
having cross party support for building new nuclear power stations to replace
current plants which are due to retire, as well as strong public support. "We
often talk about the positive impact building new nuclear capacity will have on
jobs and businesses. But, if we don't build new nuclear power there will be a
much bigger issue. The country will lose almost a fifth of its generating
capacity, CO2 emissions will rise, and the country would become more dependent
on imported energy - something which concerns a large number of people.
"Furthermore, the results are clear that industry and Government need to engage
openly and build greater understanding about what radioactive waste is. The
British industry is successfully decommissioning old nuclear plants and that
expertise is being used across the world. We should be proud of that."


Public support for nuclear energy rises

   Nov 04, 2014

   The Department of Energy and Climate Change Public Attitudes Tracker (Wave
11) was released. The results show support for nuclear power is rising again
after a dip in Wave 10 (August 2014), with support returning to 42%, a rise of
six points from Wave 10. The percentage of respondents against the use of
nuclear power remains the same at 24% while those neither for or against the
technology is 32%. Commenting on the results, Keith Parker, Chief Executive,
Nuclear Industry Association, said:"Today's Department of Energy and Climate
Change Public Attitudes Tracker results clearly show support for nuclear energy
generation is on the rise again. The positive news from Brussels, sanctioning
the contract agreed between the British Government and EDF Energy for the
construction of Hinkley Point C is evidently taking effect. "However, with
almost a third of respondents still undecided about nuclear it is important
industry and government do more to showcase the strength and importance of the
British nuclear sector. For example, the Hinkley Point C project alone will
create 25,000 job opportunities and once complete generate 7% of our
electricity."


NIA welcomes EU approval of Hinkley Point C

   Oct 08, 2014

   The Nuclear Industry Association (NIA) welcomes the decision from the EU
College of Commissioners to approve the investment contract for EDF Energy's new
build project at Hinkley Point C in Somerset.Questions had been raised about
whether the contracts for difference regime conformed with EU competition rules.
Today's announcement approving the project is the result of 12 months'
investigation by the EU's Competition Commissioner.Lord Hutton of Furness,
Chairman, Nuclear Industry Association, said: "The Nuclear Industry Association
is pleased the deal for Hinkley Point C has been approved. This is an important
step in securing the UK's home-grown low-carbon electricity generation while
adding jobs and prosperity to the economy. "Reaching this decision has been a
long process, but it was right the Commission should thoroughly review all the
relevant issues. We look forward to EDF Energy taking its Final Investment
Decision with the interested investors. This will set in train an important time
for the nuclear sector in the UK as new build projects get under way to replace
the current ageing generation. It also gives certainty to other European
countries looking at the UK system of contracts for difference as a mechanism to
secure their own supply." Hinkley Point C will be the first new nuclear power
station built in the UK in almost 20 years.


The nuclear sector is vital for a strong low-carbon energy mix

   Sep 29, 2014

   The Nuclear Industry Association (NIA) will question Tim Yeo MP, Chairman of
the Energy Select Committee on the importance of nuclear to the energy mix at
its fringe event in Birmingham.A fifth of the electricity generated in UK in
2013 came from nuclear power. Most of the UK's current generation of power
plants will reach retirement in the next 15 years or so. This makes the planned
new build programme of 13 new reactors by 2030 even more important.Nuclear must
be a part of the UK's low carbon energy mix because renewable sources cannot
provide constant power. The NIA believes that in order to move to a fully
decarbonised energy sector, nuclear, alongside wind and solar, must be used. The
government estimates that by 2025 the UK will need 60GW of new electricity
generating capacity and the infrastructure to run it. Of this, 35GW would come
from renewables and 25GW would come from other sources, including nuclear power.
Nuclear is a low-carbon technology - for each gigawatt hour of energy generation
only emits 5g of CO2, compared to 900g from coal-fired. This means that each
year, the energy generated by existing power stations avoids around 40 million
tonnes of CO2 - the equivalent to taking half of Britain's cars off the roads.
Furthermore, no air pollution is emitted from a nuclear power plant. Keith
Parker, Chief Executive, Nuclear Industry Association, said: "We often talk
about the positive impact building new nuclear capacity will have on jobs and
businesses. But, if we don't build new nuclear power there will be a much bigger
issue. The country would lose a fifth of its generating capacity, CO2 emissions
would likely rise, and the Government would need to import more electricity.
"Yes, building a new nuclear power plant takes time and we're well down the path
for the first new station. By continuing with this work, the UK can increase its
secure low carbon electricity generation, in tandem with renewables, ensuring
the country continues to decarbonise the UK's energy supply and contributing to
economic growth creating long term, high quality jobs."


Half of all nuclear sector jobs in the north west

   Sep 22, 2014

   With more than 25,000 north west jobs dependent on the nuclear industry, the
Nuclear Industry Association will ask what the Labour Party will do to support
this vital sector, if it wins the next General Election.The NIA will launch its
annual Jobs Map at Labour Party Conference in Manchester which shows more than
25,000 jobs are supported in the region - almost half of the total nuclear
sector in the UK. With ambitious plans to build new reactors before 2030,
including three in Cumbria and long-term opportunities in decommissioning, the
NIA will use its fringe event to discuss the skills need for the sector.As with
most manufacturing and engineering sectors, the nuclear industry is facing a
skills shortage of new, younger workers. The NIA panel will discuss what is
needed to support building the skills base across the sector as well as how to
attract more young people. However, an NIA poll of some 1,300 students - many of
whom were studying a STEM subject (science, technology, engineering and maths)
shows more than a third didn't believe they could work in the nuclear sector.
The survey also showed 54% of young people polled believe they need a degree to
work in the nuclear industry. In fact not all new recruits have to be graduates
as the sector runs comprehensive advanced apprenticeship programmes. The NIA
fringe will see Tom Greatrex, Shadow Energy Minister alongside Sandy Rupprecht,
Chief Executive of NuGen - the company planning to build the new nuclear power
station in Moorside Cumbria and Stephen Tindale, Associate Fellow from the
Centre for European Reform. Keith Parker, Chief Executive, Nuclear Industry
Association, said: "Security and prices are at the top of household concerns
when it comes to energy. Ensuring the UK continues to generate electricity on
home soil will be vital. But to do this, we need a young and enthused workforce
to take nuclear into the next generation. "With many of the UK's current plants
due to retire and ambitious plans for new build to replace them, the sector will
create thousands of jobs. With an ageing workforce we need to ensure today's
young people know about the opportunities and are equipped with the skills and
knowledge to work in the sector. "It is vital that whichever party wins the
General Election next year understands the importance of the industry, not only
the economic benefits which will be created, but also maintaining nuclear's
contribution to energy security and combating climate change."


Employer Ownership of Skills Development for Nuclear

   Sep 17, 2014

   The Nuclear Industrial Partnership (Nuclear IP) is set to change the
landscape for skills development across the UK nuclear sector by providing a
coherent and carefully coordinated partnership through which employers can
collaborate and innovate to address skills challenges in the nuclear sector.This
will ensure the delivery of the skills element of the Nuclear Industrial
Strategy. The Nuclear IP will be driven by strong and effective industry
leadership and engagement, aligned to the Government's 'Industrial Strategy -
Securing Jobs and a Strong Economy'.Officially commencing on the 15th September
the Nuclear IP has been formally recognised by the Government as the
Employer-led collaboration with end to end responsibility for skills in the
sector. Established through a bid led by Magnox Ltd on behalf of nuclear
organisations the collaboration will be formally recognised under the
Government's Employer Ownership of Skills Programme. The Nuclear IP has been
partly funded by HM government and employers, initially for a two year period.
The Nuclear Industry Council (NIC) and NIC Skills Workstream will play a leading
role in this Industrial Partnership as an effective forum of industry leaders
and Government tasked with driving the Nuclear Industrial Strategy. This ensures
the strategic oversight and direction to the skills development across the
industry. The Nuclear IP will be managed on behalf of industry by NSAN with lead
delivery partners: NSAN, NNL and GEN2strategic partner ECITB and supporting
delivery partners Hartlepool College, Cogent, Nuclear Energy Skills Alliance &
NSAN's High Quality Provider Network. The Nuclear IP has a number of
deliverables aimed at helping to deliver a high performing, high quality
workforce to support the nuclear programme with the highest standards of nuclear
professionalism, safety and competitiveness. The work of the Nuclear IP is
informed and underpinned by robust labour market intelligence from the Nuclear
Workforce Model for the UK's entire nuclear programme. In 2013 a study by Oxford
Economics and Atkins, stated that the UK supply chain supporting the nuclear
sector currently has the capacity to capture about 44% (or £2.9 billion) of the
total value of a new 1.65 GW nuclear reactor. However, with wider intervention
and greater industry involvement this could increase to about 60% or £4.2
billion by 2030. Through the Nuclear IP, skills interventions will be progressed
to aid the further development of the supply chain. Some of these include:
Further development of the industry Competency Framework and work to support the
supply chain with the implementation of a Systematic Approach to Training (SAT)
via the Capability Model.An Engineering Transition Programme to prepare and
develop people transitioning into the nuclear sector from other
industries.Continuation of the Give2Gain project which provides 'credits' for
training in return for undertaking STEM activity.Future skills shortages are
anticipated to arise in the nuclear sector. With high retirement rates expected
by 2015, there is not only the challenge of the demand for replacement labour
but a significant loss of experience and expertise. Through the Nuclear IP an
acceleration of Subject Matter Experts (SMEs) in Research and Development will
be implemented through a tailored programme to bridge the UK capability and
capacity gap identified in the Beddington Review (2012-2013). It is expected
that during the first two years this programme will reach 100 learners. The
talent of our current and future workforce is an important part of securing
competitive advantage and a critical driver to stimulating growth. The creation
of the Nuclear IP will provide an opportunity for the nuclear sector to take a
more co-ordinated and strategic approach to skills and training. Further details
will be announced about the work of the Nuclear IP in the near future. Karen
Walkden Head of HR, Magnox Ltd "Magnox is proud to be the lead employer in the
Nuclear Industrial Partnership. The skills programme will provide a valuable
contribution to the talent pipeline for the industry and these initiatives would
not have happened without the funding. But the Nuclear IP is much more than
that, it is about the industry pulling together over the long term, to ensure
that the UK is in a strong position to meet the demands of the UK Nuclear
Programme"


Sellafield sign landmark deal

   May 02, 2014

   Sellafield Ltd has signed an agreement to develop a working relationship with
TEPCO Fukushima Daiichi Decontamination and Decommissioning Engineering Company
(FDEC), Keith Parker, Chief Executive, Nuclear Industry Association, said:"The
UK leads the world in nuclear decommissioning and this significant agreement
between Sellafield Ltd and TEPCO FDEC further emphasises the breadth of skills
and expertise at stations and sites across the UK in particular at Sellafield in
West Cumbria. The Sellafield site is one of the most challenging and complex
engineering tasks in the world and the experience UK companies have developed
over the years will be crucial in supporting decommissioning projects in Japan
and the rest of the world."


Rusatom Overseas joins the Nuclear Industry Association

Jul 24, 2013

Rusatom Overseas has joined the Nuclear Industry Association (NIA), the trade
association for the UK's civil nuclear industry.The NIA represents more than 260
companies across the UK's civil nuclear supply chain. It has two key roles:
first to act as the voice of the UK's nuclear industry, making the case for
nuclear energy to a range of influential audiences including government,
parliament and the mediaand second, to support the commercial interests of its
members both in the UK and across the globe.With demand for nuclear energy
growing worldwide Russian and British companies are playing an increasingly
significant part in the global nuclear industry. This has raised the potential
for mutually beneficial collaboration between the two industries, not just in
the territories of Great Britain and Russia but also in the territories of third
countries. With this in mind a Joint Working Group on Cooperation in the
Peaceful Use of Atomic Energy was recently created between Rosatom and the
Department for Energy and Climate Change (DECC) within the framework of
UK-Russia Energy Dialogue. Our main objective is to promote Russian technologies
to foreign markets, and build mutually beneficial cooperation with foreign
partners for further joint implementation of projects worldwide, noted Director
General of Rusatom Overseas Dzhomart Aliev. Chief Executive of the NIA Keith
Parker said: We are delighted to welcome Rusatom Overseas to the NIA membership.
Both the UK and Russia have a long history in the civil nuclear industry and
this relationship will allow both parties to benefit from shared expertise and
experience. Rusatom Overseas have joined us at a crucial stage in the
development of a low-carbon future for Britain in which nuclear will have a
hugely important part to play, emphasized K. Parker. We look forward to working
closely with Rusatom Overseas to ensure greater co-operation between our
national industries, he noted.


UK And Japan Sign Cooperation Agreement On Civil Nuclear Energy Issues

Apr 10, 2012

The UK and Japan agreed a framework on civil nuclear cooperation, providing the
basis for UK companies to engage in multi-billion pound decommissioning
opportunities in Japan. The framework also recognizes the importance both
countries attach to co-operation on wider nuclear issues.The joint framework,
agreed at the UK and Japan summit on nuclear energy, sets out that: Both
countries reaffirm their commitment to working together in the field of civil
nuclear energy, particularly in areas that are mutually beneficial. These
include Japanese companies' technical expertise in new plant design and
construction, and the UK's decommissioning and waste-management experience and
technology Both countries will work closely on nuclear safety and share
expertise on regulation The countries will share expertise, experience and
technology in the remediation, decontamination and decommissioning of the
Fukushima nuclear siteand An annual dialogue will take place between senior UK
and Japan officials across the full range of activities associated with civil
nuclear energy.David Willetts, Minister for Universities and Science in UK,
said, The cooperation agreement signed today demonstrates the strength of UK
civil nuclear research and industry expertise. It will enable British
researchers and companies to cooperate more closely with their Japanese
counterparts, provide services and share technology. Charles Hendry, Minister of
State for Energy in UK, The UK has a wealth of expertise and experience in the
area of nuclear decommissioning and waste management. I am in no doubt that
cooperation with Japan in these areas will bring mutual benefits. This agreement
will open up opportunities for UK firms to work with Japanese industry and to
continue to share the UK's world-class expertise, just as we did in the
aftermath of Fukushima. Separately, the Nuclear Industry Association and the
Japan Atomic Industrial Forum signed a memorandum of understanding to further
industrial collaboration between companies from the UK and Japan.


NIA Welcomes British Parliament's Positive Vote On Nuclear Energy

Jul 19, 2011

The Nuclear Industry Association (NIA) welcomed the landslide vote for a British
nuclear future. The vote by the UK Parliament on the national policy statements
for energy has given the go-ahead for a new generation of British nuclear power
stations.The major milestone in securing the UK's long-term low-carbon energy
supplies confirms "It is Government policy that new nuclear power should be able
to contribute as much as possible to the UK's need for new capacity."Keith
Parker, NIA's chief executive, said that the result, 267 votes for and only 14
against, was a clear indication that there was broad consensus that new nuclear
must be at the heart of the UK's low-carbon future. The ratification follows
publication of the government's white paper on electricity market reform
â[#x20ac]" another major facilitative measure from government aimed at
incentivising investment by energy companies in cleaner and greener low-carbon
energy, including nuclear. These positive moves come after the independent UK
regulator Mike Weightman's interim report into the implications of Fukushima
found that the UK nuclear industry had displayed "a leadership for safety and
strong safety culture." Weightman's interim findings also concluded that there
was no reason for curtailing the operation of currently operating UK nuclear
power stations. Parker said, "This vote shows that Parliament recognizes the
importance of nuclear power in the UK's energy future. Together with last week's
publication of the Electricity Market Reform White Paper - which will encourage
low carbon generation - the ratification of the NPSs represents a major step
forward on the road to new nuclear build." Parker continued, "This is good news
for the UK and good news for companies looking to invest in the UK's energy
future. The customer will also welcome the move to a cleaner and more
stably-priced energy future for the UK." Charles Hendry, energy minister of UK,
said, "The overarching national policy statement sets out the need for each of
the different energy infrastructure technologies. It makes clear that we need a
diverse mix to provide affordable, clean energyâ[#x20ac]¦. It sets out the part
that renewables and new nuclear power stations will play in meeting our
emissions reductions targets."


NIA Welcomes UK Government Energy Framework

Jun 23, 2011

The Nuclear Industry Association (NIA) welcomed publication of the UK
government's finalized national policy statements (NPS) on June 23, 2011
following extensive public consultation. Keith Parker, chief executive of NIA,
said that the NPS provide a â[#x20ac][#x2dc]clear pathway' for the UK's energy
future.Parker welcomed the publication, which provides the framework for
planning for major energy infrastructure projects at a time when Britain's
generating capacity is set to diminish. The nuclear-specific NPS identifies
eight sites deemed suitable by the government for potential new nuclear power
stations. The eight sites are: Bradwell in EssexHartlepoolHeysham in
LancashireHinkley Point in SomersetOldbury in GloucestershireSellafield in
CumbriaSizewell in Suffolkand Wylfa on Anglesey. All sites are adjacent to
existing nuclear sites.Parker said, The Government is showing clear leadership
at a time when the UK must move forward with major energy developments including
new nuclear power stations. We will lose a quarter of our electricity generation
capability by the end of the decade so we must be planning ahead to ensure our
future supplies. He added, We warmly welcome the Government's clarity and open
and transparent handling of such key policy, and their acknowledgment that
nuclear power is a hugely significant part of Britain's energy future. Nuclear
is vital in securing a low-carbon, stably-priced energy source into future
decades, and we applaud the Government's commitment in planning for that secure
future. NIA said that the NPS announcement is the first major nuclear policy
announced by government since the Fukushima incident that followed the Japanese
earthquake and tsunami. Last month Chris Huhne, secretary of state, laid before
parliament the interim findings of the UK's independent nuclear regulator, Dr
Mike Weightman into the events at Fukushima. Huhne said at the time the
circumstances surrounding the natural disaster in Japan, are far beyond the most
extreme events the UK could expect to experience. In this respect Dr Weightman
concludes there is no reason for curtailing the operation of nuclear plants or
other nuclear facilities in the UK. The plans for new nuclear power plants are
part of a series of national policy statements which were laid before parliament
on June 23, 2011 following an extensive public consultation. The next stage will
see them debated and voted on in parliament.


No Link Between Nuclear Power Stations And Childhood Leukemia: COMARE

Jun 15, 2011

The Nuclear Industry Association (NIA) said that medical experts who advise the
UK government on the effects of radiation say there is no link between living
near nuclear power stations and childhood leukemia. The Committee on Medical
Aspects of Radiation in the Environment (COMARE) launched a major report on the
effects of nuclear power stations and once again found no evidence to suggest
that living near a nuclear power station was in any way harmful.Their findings,
similar to previous analysis in 1993 and 2004 show no link between cases of
childhood leukemia among residents living lose to nuclear power stations.Despite
this clear message based on long-term independent medical expertise some
anti-nuclear groups still use the issue of cancer clusters and childhood
leukemia as a central argument against further nuclear power station
developments, NIA said. Childhood leukemia is a rare disease affecting
approximately 500 children every year in the UK, according to COMARE. The review
of their previous findings involved analysis of incidence of leukemia in
under-fives close to 13 UK nuclear power stations. The study also looks at the
type of reactors, permitted radioactive discharges from differing types of
reactors and the assessment of radioactive dose to the general public from
nuclear power stations â[#x20ac]" a figure which is less than 1% of the overall
radiation a person will receive in one year. The public receives radiation from
food, drink, medical procedures and the natural environment. The independent
medical experts concluded that, COMARE is of the view that there is no current
evidence to support the hypothesis that in utero exposures from tritium and
carbon 14 radioactive discharges have been underestimated or that such
discharges are associated with increased risk of childhood cancers. COMARE
recommended to government that there is no reduction in the monitoring around
nuclear power stations, adding that, In conclusion, COMARE's primary analysis of
the latest British data has revealed no significant evidence of an association
between the risk of childhood leukaemia (in under fives) and living in proximity
to an NPP.


NIA Welcomes Interim Report On Japanese Nuclear Crisis

May 18, 2011

The Nuclear Industry Association (NIA) welcomed the interim report
â[#x20ac][#x2dc]Japanese earthquake and tsunami: implications for the UK nuclear
industry' published by the chief nuclear inspector, Dr. Mike Weightman.The
report fully recognizes that the likelihood of a natural disaster on the scale
experienced in Japan that caused the nuclear crisis at Fukushima is
â[#x20ac][#x2dc]far beyond the most extreme natural events that the UK would be
expected to experience.' Nonetheless, the industry is determined to rise to the
challenge and examine the facts, determine the causes and apply lessons learned
to nuclear operations in UK.Dr. Weightman recognizes the swift action taken by
UK operators in examining their own practices, procedures and training in the
light of immediate lessons from Japan. The importance of nuclear energy in the
UK's future energy mix is underlined by this report, last week's report by
Committee on Climate Change, and by the secretary of state's ministerial
statement on this report. Keith Parker, chief executive of the NIA, said, The
nuclear industry cannot be complacent, and will examine the report and its 26
recommendations thoroughly. As an industry we are committed to working with
Government and the regulator in applying the lessons and recommendations of the
report to ensure that high standards of safety are maintained, and where
necessary, improved. He added, "We are reassured by Dr Weightman's conclusion
that both existing nuclear plants in UK and new build designs are safe and well
protected against even remote hazards. We agree with the Secretary of State that
nuclear must continue to play an important role in the UK's energy mix as a
secure, low carbon energy supply. We must maintain momentum in our nuclear
policy to continue planning for our energy future.


NIA Launches UK Nuclear Industry Map

May 10, 2011

The Nuclear Industry Association (NIA) launched a new map of the structure of
the nuclear industry to help newcomers to the sector find their way around. The
color-coded map, designed by the NIA's Dan Powney, is a useful tool for
companies new to nuclear to find the right information - and the right
contacts.The industry map sets out the shape of the UK's modern civil nuclear
sector in a unique way. Users can quickly pinpoint the different key
stakeholders at the press of a button.The industry map features nuclear
companies, skills sector organizations, the regulators, government, the NDA,
suppliers and vendors, and other supporting bodies. Keith Parker, the NIA's
chief executive, said the industry map would be an invaluable aid to companies
getting to know the nuclear sector. He said, "The Industry Map is part of our
innovative supply chain initiative - SC@nuclear - which aims to maximise the
opportunities for UK manufacturing, engineering and supply companies in the
future new nuclear build marketplace." "We aim to create a robust and highly
professional UK supply chain for new nuclear build and we would urge any company
wishing to find out more about joining the industry to explore the map, and this
SC@nuclear website with its constant updates and newsletters to familiarise
themselves with the huge opportunities that the UK nuclear industry offers."


NIA Signs MoU With EEGR For Closer Working Practices

May 10, 2011

The Nuclear Industry Association (NIA) signed a memorandum of understanding
(MoU) with East of England Energy Group (EEGR) for closer working practices with
the regional body in nuclear matters. The MoU was signed by John Best, EEEGR
CEO, and Keith Parker, chief executive of NIA.Brandon Lewis, Great Yarmouth MP,
welcomed the MoU. He said, It means more joining of energy forces to create a
compelling voice which will be resonating across Parliament.


NIA Welcomes CCC Renewable Energy Review

May 09, 2011

The Nuclear Industry Association (NIA) said that the Climate Change Committee
(CCC), on May 9, 2011, published its review on renewable energy, labeling
nuclear energy as currently â[#x20ac][#x2dc]the most cost-effective of the
carbon technologies' and noting that â[#x20ac][#x2dc]it should form part of the
mix.'Keith Parker, NIA chief executive, commented, It is extremely positive that
the Committee on Climate Change has recognised the crucial role that nuclear
energy should continue to play in the UK's energy mix if we are to meet our
climate change objectives.He added, We have always argued that nuclear energy is
only part of the solution and agree that renewable energy must form a
significant part of our energy supply in to the future. It is essential that we
continue to increase our reliance on all low carbon technologies whilst
delivering a reliable and cost-effective energy supply. The inclusion of nuclear
in our energy future remains a sure fire way to do this. While a detailed review
into impact of events in Japan on the UK was not undertaken, CCC states that the
conclusions of the 2008 white paper on nuclear safety are likely to be
â[#x20ac][#x2dc]robust' to events in Japan.


Survey Shows Public Support For Nuclear Power Remains Unchanged In UK: NIA

May 09, 2011

The Nuclear Industry Association (NIA) said that a poll conducted by independent
research agency Populus has shown that public support for nuclear energy has
remained unchanged despite the nuclear accident in Japan.The survey highlighted
that More than eight in 10 people were either fully supportive of nuclear as the
best way to tackle climate change or thought it might have a role to play in the
UK's future energy mix. Only 16% opposed nuclear under any circumstances 42%
were in favor of building new power plants 31% were against building new power
plants.Keith Parker, NIA chief executive, commented, It is extremely positive to
see that 8 in 10 people were either fully supportive of nuclear as the best way
to tackle climate change or thought it might have a role to play in the UK's
future energy mix. This is a reflection of the calm and collected way in which
our Government and the British public have reacted to the tragic events in
Japan. There is a real recognition here of the important role that nuclear
energy plays for us to meet our climate change objectives and deliver a
low-carbon, cost effective energy supply. He added, The interim report by the
Chief Nuclear Inspector, Dr. Mike Weightman, will be published this month and as
an industry we will take full account of any lessons that can be learnt from
Japan.


NIA Awards Contract To NDA For Initial Feasible Study On Spent Nuclear Fuel
Management

Jun 14, 2010

The Nuclear Industry Association (NIA) has awarded a contract to the Nuclear
Decommissioning Authority (NDA) for undertaking initial feasibility studies on
spent nuclear fuel management.The Radioactive Waste Management Directorate
(RWMD) of the NDA has been contracted by the NIA on behalf of potential new
build operators to undertake some initial feasibility studies to investigate
several key issues associated with spent fuel management. It is expected that
this work will be completed within a short timescale of around three months.The
feasibility studies will have the following four strands: consideration of
alternative GDF design options for new build spent fuelissues associated with
centralized spent fuel storageissues associated with centralized spent fuel
packagingand consideration of alternative spent fuel cask designs. It is
intended that the feasibility studies will provide a better understanding of the
issues and provide a basis for future consideration of possible alternatives to
the current baseline scenario (storage and encapsulation of spent fuel at each
new build site). The scope and direction of the studies is being developed in a
collaborative manner with information sharing at a number of project meetings. A
report of this work is planned to be published in the summer of 2010.
* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *
Company Overview                        Events
Financial Ratios                        Key Operational Employees
Key Employees                           Key Facts
Major Products and Services             Top Competitors

 * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *

   GlobalData uses a range of research techniques to gather and verify its
information and analysis. These include primary research, in-house knowledge and
expertise, proprietary databases, and secondary sources such as company
websites, annual reports, SEC filings and press releases. Disclaimer: No part of
this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted
in any form by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording or
otherwise, without the prior permission of the publisher, GlobalData. The facts
of this report are believed to be correct at the time of publication but cannot
be guaranteed. Please note that the findings, conclusions and recommendations
that GlobalData delivers will be based on information gathered in good faith
from both primary and secondary sources, whose accuracy we are not always in a
position to guarantee. As such GlobalData can accept no liability whatever for
actions taken based on any information that may subsequently prove to be
incorrect.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2017


                               6 of 75 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 25, 2013 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

New Jobs! If Only It Were True

BYLINE: By GRETCHEN MORGENSON

SECTION: Section BU; Column 0; Money and Business/Financial Desk; FAIR GAME; Pg.
1

LENGTH: 1098 words


CREATING jobs is an essential goal today, given our high unemployment rate. But
when job programs rely on taxpayer backing, their success or failure should be
clearly disclosed.

For example, the United States Department of Agriculture has called its $1.6
billion business and industry loan program a rousing success. Not surprisingly,
the department often trumpets the number of jobs that are expected to result
from these loans -- figures that it gets from the borrowers themselves. Whether
these jobs are actually created, however, is another story.

The loan guarantee program is overseen by the Rural Development unit of the
Agriculture Department and is part of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act
of 2009. Rural Development provides loan guarantees of as much as 90 percent to
banks or other approved lenders that finance the improvement or development of
businesses in rural and high-unemployment areas.

How many jobs were added or saved through the loans is also a crucial measure of
the program's success or failure.

A current success story on the agency's Web site is that of Carolina AAC, a
company that received $10.4 million in late 2010 to build a concrete
manufacturing plant in Bennettsville, S.C.

''This project will create approximately 197 new jobs in Marlboro County,'' the
Agriculture Department's Web site says. Such a figure would make Carolina AAC
the program's third-largest borrower in terms of jobs created.

But Carolina AAC said in a January 2011 news release that only 36 jobs would be
created at the project. And even that has not come to pass. Currently, 10 people
work at the company, according to Charles Paterno, its managing member.
Troubling for taxpayers is that the government backs 90 percent of the loans and
they are in liquidation.

The manufacturing facility is behind schedule, Mr. Paterno said, because a
contractor in charge of building it died midway through the project. ''We're
three months from producing but we're still on target to create 36 jobs and will
ramp up to 50,'' Mr. Paterno said in an interview. Asked about the 197 job
number, he said he was unfamiliar with it. The figure might reflect indirect job
creation, he said, such as workers at a local sand quarry or crews that would
install the cement once it's manufactured.

Singleteary Food Solutions is another borrower under the program. Its $4.36
million in U.S.D.A.-guaranteed loans was expected to create 220 jobs in Wells,
Minn., population 2,300. Singleteary was expected to be the second-largest job
creator in the program; it also received a Small Business Administration loan
for about $4 million.

But the Wells plant never opened. The Agriculture Department loans are in
default, and the bank that wrote the guaranteed loan and sold it to investors
took back the property in May.

Singleteary Food Solutions, a food processor, employed 30 people at most,
according to a news report in The Faribault County Register.

Stephen B. Singleteary, a lawyer from Chicago, is the president of the company.
In an interview on Friday, he said he was seeking an additional $5 million in
capital so he could restructure the debt and start up production. He said the
facility needed far more renovation than he had anticipated.

''Once we got in, we found the infrastructure would not accommodate our process
and we had to replace most of the basic things,'' Mr. Singleteary said. ''In a
100,000-square-foot facility, it adds up pretty quick.''

He has until November to come up with the money so he can get the property back,
and he remains hopeful. ''When we're fully operational it will exceed 200
jobs,'' he said.

The company that was expected to be the largest job creator under the program
was the Peninsula Plywood Group of Port Angeles, Wash. The roughly $2 million
loan for its lumber mill was guaranteed by the Agriculture Department in January
2010 and expected to create 334 jobs. The facility opened for production later
that year but ran into financial trouble and closed in late 2011. Local news
reports said it employed 130 people at most.

The loan has been liquidated and the Agriculture Department paid a loss claim of
$958,000.

It's not uncommon for small businesses to fail, and capital nowadays is hard to
come by. So some defaults are to be expected.

Asked about the rosy job-creation figures, Lillian Salerno, the administrator in
charge of the program, provided this statement: ''Since 2009, the U.S.D.A.
Business and Industry Loan Guarantee program has supported more than 3,500 small
businesses that have helped bolster the rural economy in communities across the
country. The program's success rate is the highest it has been since 2000, and
it continues to improve. U.S.D.A., through 47 state offices, continuously works
with approved lenders to ensure that each small business has every opportunity
to succeed.''

THE agency also provided five success stories where companies tapping into the
program created more jobs than anticipated. One is Salm Partners, a food
manufacturer in Denmark, Wis. The company received a $16 million loan guarantee
to expand its facility and projected in 2010 that it would save 147 jobs and add
25 new ones. Today, the company employs 300 full-time workers and has paid back
its loan.

Agency documents indicate that others are concerned with its job-creation
numbers. A letter on Jan. 18 from the agency to business program directors of
the Rural Development unit noted that the Office of Management and Budget wanted
agency performance measures to be rigorously evaluated to improve programs'
efficiencies. It is essential that the jobs data reported by the Agriculture
Department ''is accurate, consistent, and verifiable,'' the letter said.

The Agriculture Department's office of the inspector general recently questioned
the accuracy of the agency's job figures. In a March audit, it identified one
borrower that had estimated its loan would create and save 400 jobs. After
visiting the borrower, investigators found that the borrower saved two jobs.
''The agency's success in meeting its established performance goals may be
overstated,'' the report said.

Jim Brickman, a real estate investor in Dallas and a whistle-blower on
problematic S.B.A. loans said, ''The willingness of the U.S.D.A. to tout false
job numbers to Congress and the public is absurd and a case study of why the
public has lost confidence in government.''

The Agriculture Department's program is certainly well-intentioned, and
accentuating its positives is only natural. But with taxpayers backing this $1.6
billion effort, reliable job counts would be preferable.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2013/08/25/business/
new-jobs-if-only-it-were-true.html

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                               7 of 75 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                  May 9, 1994

NEW BUSINESS: SIGNPOST: RECOVERY SLOWS DOWN FOR SMALLER FIRMS

BYLINE: CLIVE WOODCOCK

SECTION: THE GUARDIAN CITY PAGE; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 570 words


THE recovery among small firms slowed down significantly in the first three
months of 1994, according to figures issued by the Association of British
Factors and Dis-counters.

Sales of the 10,000 small and medium-sized firms which are clients of ABFD
members rose by 18.5 per cent to pounds 5.4 billion in the first quarter but,
although this was a healthy growth rate, the increase is well down on the 23.7
per cent expansion re-corded in the last quarter of 1993. It is also the
smallest rise reported by the association in any quarter since mid-1992.

Most noticeable was the slowing down of growth in exports as continued recession
in continental Europe curbed the plans of smaller exporters. The average time
taken to collect debts fell from 59 to 57 days in the first quarter and the
value of bad debts fell from pounds 2.7 million to pounds 2.3 million.

SMALLER exporters remain optimistic about prospects in Europe despite seeing
little change in sales performance, according to the Royal Bank of Scotland's
Quarterly Survey of Exporters compiled by the Small Business Research Trust.
Medium-sized and larger exporters continued to report better sales performance
and prospects than very small firms.

NEW pilot projects have been set up in 10 areas to give advice and counselling
to businesses borrowing under the Department of Trade and Industry's loan
guarantee scheme. The projects will be set up in Avon, Birmingham, Doncaster,
Hertfordshire, Tyneside, Wigan, Kent, South Thames, Fife and Tayside.

FRANCHISING and its international expansion is the theme of the latest issue of
the research quarterly, the International Small Business Journal, available at
pounds 18 from PO Box 1, Macclesfield, Cheshire SK10 4YQ.

THE second annual conference on high-technology small firms will take place at
Manchester Business School on September 19 and 20. Further information from
Tania Brown, HTSF Conference, Manchester Business School, Booth Street West,
Manchester M15 6PB, telephone 061-275 6537.

MORE than three-quarters of small businesses believe that the Government is not
doing enough to ease the restrictive burden of red tape on their businesses,
research by Barclays Bank shows. Nearly 20 per cent of small firms spend more
than 10 per cent of their time coping with red tape.

SMALL businesses put themselves at risk by failing to carry out adequate
financial checks on suppliers, says the latest Quarterly Small Business
Management Report, produced by the Small Business Research Trust for Lloyds
Bank. Four out of five firms carry out no financial checks and lose the benefit
of "early warning" about problems with major suppliers. Many firms also fail to
capitalise on their own bargaining power and continue to use suppliers they
believe fail to give good value for money. The survey, cost pounds 15, is
available from the SBRT, School of Management, Open University, Milton Keynes
MK7 6WA.

THE outlook for franchising is optimistic, with overall turnover of the industry
growing by 10 per cent to pounds 5 billion in spite of the recession, says the
latest NatWest/British Franchise Association annual survey.

CAPITAL investment by small firms increased by more than a third in the second
half of last year, with real growth in all investment categories except
equipment purchase, according to National Westminster Bank's Capital Investment
Index.


LOAD-DATE: May 10, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                               8 of 75 DOCUMENTS


                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                             May 13, 2010 Thursday

USDA Rural Development uses up stimulus money for loans - quickly

BYLINE: Brad Carlson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 568  words


USDA Rural Development on April 30 exhausted its $1.5 billion in American
Reinvestment and Recovery Act funding targeted for its Business and Industry
loan guarantee program.

The economic-stimulus money enabled the agency to increase its loan backing from
80 percent to 90 percent - making some businesses more bankable in a tough
economy - and for borrowers, to reduce loan-guarantee fees and eliminate annual
renewal fees.

Lenders booked more of the loans than anticipated, exhausting funds that USDA
Rural Development expected would last through the Sept. 30 fiscal year, said
Daryl Moser, the agency's director of business programs in Boise. The agency is
not planning on Congress approving an additional appropriation, he said.

But there is ample funding to back new B&I (Business and Industry) loans,
written under pre-Recovery Act guidelines, through the rest of the fiscal year,
he said.

"Typically with this level of activity, we would have been out of money by now,"
Moser said. "The stimulus money allowed us to stretch our regular appropriation
funds through the rest of the fiscal year. "

The agency-wide appropriation for business and industry loans also is about $1.5
billion.

He said he expects a 50 percent gain in loan volume from the previous high
because of the stimulus-enhanced loans and anticipated solid demand from June
through September, the strongest period traditionally.

"The ARRA funding jump-started a lot of things," Moser said, adding the
enhancements attracted some lenders who had not used the USDA Rural Development
Business and Industry loan program in the past. Guaranteeing a higher percentage
of the loan was important because lenders remain risk-averse and continue to
deal with capital challenges, he said.

The higher guarantee enabled lenders to finance business that they may have
avoided otherwise, such as those with tough-to-bank collateral, said Kerrie
Hurd, a USDA business programs specialist in Boise. The higher-percentage
guarantee enabled them to sell more of the loan into the secondary market, and
in turn carry less of the loan and more cash on their books, she said.

Valley Air Photos, based outside the Caldwell city limits, early this year took
out an enhanced Business & Industry Loan, through Bank of the Cascades, to fund
the purchase of a large-format digital camera and an upgraded server. The
equipment enabled the company to bid on large aerial photography jobs put out by
federal land management agencies, which are moving toward digital imaging, owner
Cathy Graville said.

"We have kept it busy ever since we got it," she said.

The digital camera also enables Valley Air Photos to team up with other
companies that have digital equipment, she said. The business may not have been
able to afford the equipment - purchased at a discount because of tough economic
conditions - later, she said.

Valley Air is in its second year of a contract to provide large-format film
images for the U.S. Bureau of Land Management in Oregon. The company last year
took out a stimulus-enhanced loan backed by the U.S. Small Business
Administration to buy an upgraded camera for the work.

USDA Rural Development Business & Industry loan program - Idaho

Oct. 1, 2008 to April 30, 2009: $16,657,287 on 11 projects

Oct. 1, 2009 to April 30, 2010: $28,209,609 on 17 projects

Fiscal year ended Sept. 30, 2009: $35,700,339

ARRA through April 30, 2010: $13,475,738 ($1,572,709,974 U.S.)

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                               9 of 75 DOCUMENTS

                              The Star (Sheffield)

                                 March 31, 2004

Russel aims to clean up, big time

SOURCE: The Star (Sheffield)

LENGTH: 758 words


RUSSEL Asquith is aiming to clean up, big time. The ambitious 22-year-old has
set his sights on one day challenging some of the big names in the laundry and
dry cleaning world.

And, he has put his marker down by turning his business - Pro-Clean - into the
largest independent launderette and dry cleaning group in South Yorkshire in
just 18 months.

Pro-Clean's rapid growth has created and saved jobs and recently won Russel the
South Yorkshire LiveWire Young Entrepreneur of the Year award.

No small achievement for a young man who started out with nothing more than a
redundancy cheque after completing his mechanical engineering apprenticeship at
what was then Case, the Doncaster tractor manufacturer.

They couldn't afford to keep on trained staff so, as we qualified, we were made
redundant, says Russel, who has always had an entreprenurial streak, running a
car cleaning business from his pushbike as a 14 year old and 'moonlighting' at
Doncaster race Course as an apprentice.

At the time Russel lost his job, his father was working as a chief engineer for
a major dry cleaning machinery manufacturer in the South.

The firm was looking to dispose of some surplus machines and Russel saw the
opportunity to set up a business of his own in his home town of Conisbrough.

But, with no track record, just 20 years old at the time, and unemployed, banks
looked askance, until the Prince's Trust came along with a loan to augment his
redundancy pay.

Even then, they would only lend Russel the rest of the money he needed under the
Department of Trade and Industry's loan guarantee scheme, which ensures that
there was no risk to the bank's cash.

In fact, Russel had done his homework, carrying out detailed market research to
demonstrate the demand for the service he was planning to provide in Conisbrough
and finding the ideal premises - a run-down former video shop that had been
empty for around three years.

He'd also made sure he had the business skills he needed by joining Doncaster
Chamber of Commerce's free business start-up course. The business start-up
course is fantastic, enthuses Russel. I would recommend anyone to go on it. It
deals with everything you need to know to run a business from red tape to
general, day to day accounting.

They tell you things are difficult, but there are people to help you. If you've
got a problem and ask them, they can more than likely sort it. It's people who
are afraid to ask and go quiet if something goes wrong that end up in serious
difficulty.

With 12 months successful trading under his belt, Russel found bankers far more
responsive when he came across an opportunity to buy what had once been a major
South Yorkshire laundry and dry cleaning group.

In its hey-day in the 1960s, the FSM group had around 40 shops, but had shrunk
over the years to three shops in Sheffield and a further three in Doncaster.

Although still profitable, the founding family was in the process of closing the
business down and retiring when Russel heard about it and put in a successful
offer to keep it going and save 16 jobs.

Pro-Clean has already refurbished one former FSM shop and is installing new
equipment. Russel has also boosted his business by negotiating with five news
agents and convenience stores across the Doncaster area who are now acting as
collection and return points for laundry and dry cleaning brought in by local
people.


Hands-on policy saves money

WHEN Russel Asquith lost his job, his burning desire was to get the chance to
put the engineering skills he had learnt into practice.

Now, he does just that, getting his hands dirty servicing all the equipment in
his shops that doesn't need a gas specialist.

It shows staff I'm hands on and a normal person, not stuck behind a desk, says
Russell. It get's me around the shops and it's saved a lot of money which we've
been able to invest in refurbishing one of the shops and upgrading and buying
machines.

Where it's cost effective, he has outsourced some of the administration of his
business, however. The bank handles his payroll and he uses Doncaster Chamber's
human resources services. At the moment we've outsourced quite a bit because
we're not big enough to do it in house, he says.

Looking to the future, Russel plans to keep on growing his business, although
maybe not at the rate of seven shops a year.

He sees no reason why, by the time he reaches retiring age, Pro-Clean should not
be up there with some of the big names in the laundry and dry cleaning business.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2004 Johnston Press Plc


                               10 of 75 DOCUMENTS


                  Public Opinion (Chambersburg, Pennsylvania)

                            January 18, 2013 Friday

USDA loan to benefit Chambersburg expansion project

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 184 words


CHAMBERSBURG - USDA Rural Development State Director Thomas Williams announced a
business loan guarantee for a growing Chambersburg business.

Edge Rubber received a $4.05 million Rural Development Business and Industry
Loan Guarantee through Susquehanna Bank for the purchase of equipment to be used
in the expansion of the company, enabling the business to maintain 50 jobs and
add 35 new jobs.

"This funding is part of the Obama Administration's ongoing effort to expand
economic opportunity for rural entrepreneurs, helping businesses in our small
towns and rural communities grow and create more jobs," Williams said. "These
loans will continue our work to leverage private investment and help the rural
economy grow."

Business and Industry Loan Guarantees bolster the existing private credit
structure through the guarantee of quality loans which will provide lasting
community benefits.

Edge Rubber, which does business worldwide, takes discarded tires and reduces
them into a fine rubber powder. The company plans to expand in the Cumberland
Valley Business Park, adding machinery to process whole tires.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 Public Opinion
                              All Rights Reserved


                               11 of 75 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             August 4, 2013 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

DEVELOPMENT;
Jekyll Island embraces rural side

BYLINE: Dan Chapman; Staff

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 1316 words



HIGHLIGHT: Hotel developers get rural loan guarantee. Federal program not meant
for ocean-side property, critics say.


Jekyll Island offers big-city amenities even the most sophisticated Atlantan can
enjoy: golf courses, a waterpark, an exquisitely restored historic district,
hotels topping out at $479 a night, and ocean-side homes going for $700,000.

Little about Jekyll evokes rural Georgia.

Yet state and federal officials, desperate to arrange financing for a high-end
hotel, embraced a loan guarantee program intended to boost development in rural
communities. The U.S. Department of Agriculture will guarantee two loans
totaling $15 million taken out by developers of the under-construction Westin
Jekyll Island. It's one of the largest guarantees ever approved for a project in
Georgia.

Wrangling the guarantee underscores the financial gyrations the state is
undergoing to transform the state park into a convention hub and tourist
destination. Last fall, the Jekyll Island Authority came up with roughly $7
million in bed-tax revenue and other financial incentives spread out over a
decade. Earlier, they tried to tap a special tourism tax break, but the governor
quashed the plan as unfair to competing hotels.

"Jekyll is not a rural area --- it's a state park, a commercial (district) with
some residential," said Rep. Jeff Chapman, a Republican from nearby Brunswick
and frequent critic of government subsidies for private business. "That money
should be focused on helping rural areas to develop, not to help a Westin."

Quinton Robinson, who runs USDA's rural development office in Georgia, said the
Westin fits the agency's rural eligibility requirements.

"I'm from a little small town, Gordon, near Macon. That's rural," he said. But
"our regulations are very limited in giving us the ability to have discretion to
say this (project) has more of a rural purpose than another."

The Jekyll Island Authority has struggled for years to revitalize the business
district. The state-controlled Authority loses millions of dollars in revenue
each year without a convention hotel.

The recession and its aftermath kept banks from investing in resort properties
--- at least a half dozen financial institutions passed on the opportunity to
cover the Westin's construction costs, according to Authority documents.

"The convention center is not sustainable without lodging adjacent to it," said
Eric Garvey, spokesman for the Jekyll Authority. "The Westin is not only
important in terms of convention business, but it will have a stimulative effect
on the rest of the projects on the table at Jekyll."

Jekyll's long list of amenities include pristine beaches, a National Register
historic district with a four-star resort hotel and three golf courses that
lured thousands of Georgians to the barrier island this summer.

But the island has struggled the last decade to revitalize its biggest money
maker --- the retail-hotel district. Musty hotels, an outdated strip shopping
center and the old convention center turned off visitors and convention-goers
alike.

A Greensboro, Ga., developer proposed a $350 million
convention-hotel-condo-retail project in 2007 only to have the recession, and
public opposition, kill the so-called Linger Longer project two years later.

Two prime beachfront hotel lots remain empty. Trammell Crow, a Texas developer,
leases the properties for $350,000 a year.

A mid-range Hyatt Hotel, planned for the retail-hotel district alongside the
convention center, has been talked about for two years yet can't get financing.
The island's stores and shops remain in temporary trailers.

But there is progress. The taxpayer-backed $40 million convention center opened
last year. Holiday Inn plans a hotel on a rundown motel site. And the Westin,
finally, broke ground in May.

"We're really optimistic; we're having a great year," Garvey said, adding that
hotel revenue island wide rose 5 percent the last fiscal year. "Sure, we
would've liked to have gotten everything done and all would be rosy. But it
would've been very difficult to open that hotel at the depth of the recession."

The 200-room Westin is the latest linchpin for the Authority's redevelopment
plans. Without it, the convention center can't fill its dance card, or pay off
its bonds. Ground-breaking was scheduled for September 2012 with a mid-2014
opening. Delays will cost the Authority nearly $4 million in anticipated 2014
bookings.

The USDA's Business and Industry Guaranteed Loan Program's goal is to "improve
the economic and environmental climate in rural communities," according to USDA.
Loans must be used to save or create jobs, promote renewable energy or water
conservation. Developers may buy a business, build or expand a building,
purchase equipment, install pollution controls or provide working capital or
start-up costs.

"Its most stringent requirement is that businesses need to be located in rural
areas," the USDA states. Rural means any location with fewer than 50,000 people.
Not only does Jekyll Island fit the criteria but so does neighboring St. Simons
Island, with its million-dollar homes and congested summertime traffic,
according to a USDA eligibility map.

"It is a perversion of the federal program to use those funds for an oceanfront
hotel at a state park," said David Kyler, executive director of the Center for a
Sustainable Coast, which opposes unbridled growth. "Between the government
subsidies and the lease breaks, the hotel developer is playing the state and
federal agencies for a sucker to make extra profit."

The median income in Glynn County, home to Jekyll Island, is $46,386, about
$1,000 less than the state median. Of Georgia's 159 counties, Glynn had the 32nd
highest income in 2010, according to the Census Bureau.

Even USDA isn't sure what rural exactly means. The agency uses "multiple rural
definitions ... which often leads to unnecessary confusion and unwanted
mismatches in program eligibility," according to the agency's Economic Research
Service. A rural community can be 2,500 residents or fewer. Or 20,000 or fewer.
Or 50,000 or fewer, depending on which USDA loan program is used.

"We're constrained by the statutory language that says if the location is less
than 50,000 people, then the program operates. We can't question whether it
looks rural or looks developed," USDA's Robinson said. "If the USDA were not
guaranteeing some of these loans, would a lender take the risk in some of these
rural areas?"

One of the Westin's developers received a $10 million loan guarantee --- the
typical limit --- from USDA to defray construction costs. Another got a $5
million guarantee for equipment and furnishings.

USDA has guaranteed 99 projects over the last five years, including nursing
homes, convenience stores, agricultural processors, hotels, a biofuel plant, a
trucking company and casket company. None received more than $10 million in
business and industry loan guarantees. USDA officials say a few guarantees
larger than $15 million were given prior to 2008, including a 1998 loan for a
Vidalia onion grower.

In fiscal 2012, USDA made nine loan guarantees in Georgia totaling $42 million.
The Westin received more than third of that amount.

"Did somebody else in Georgia, who might've been more deserving of rural
development money, get shortchanged because of the Westin?" asked Rep. Chapman.

Robinson said if the Georgia program runs out of money, the USDA's national loan
guarantee program can pick up the financial slack.

The Jekyll Island Authority commissioned an economic-impact study that justified
the slew of incentives and tax breaks given the Westin. The hotel, by 2016, will
contribute $22 million in direct economic benefit to Glynn County and the state
of Georgia, according to the report. And the hotel will employ 116 permanent
workers.

"The USDA program is intended to support job creation and the people employed
will be coming from western Glynn, Brantley and Wayne counties," spokesman
Garvey said. "Those are absolutely rural counties, and they need jobs."

Business

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2013 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                               12 of 75 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 17, 2015 Tuesday

Identifying and Reducing Regulatory Burdens

LENGTH: 2602  words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


The following press release has issued by the Department of Agriculture (USDA):

Action

Request for Information (RFI).
Summary

In accordance with Executive Order 13563, "Improving Regulation and Regulatory
Review," and Executive Order 13610, "Identifying and Reducing Regulatory
Burdens," the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) continues to review its
existing regulations and information collections to evaluate the continued
effectiveness in addressing the circumstances for which the regulations were
implemented. USDA's Final Plan for Retrospective Analysis, released August 18,
2011, focused on actions needed to minimize the burdens on individuals,
businesses, and communities attempting to access programs that promote economic
growth, create jobs, and protect the health and safety of the American people.
The plan identified initiatives estimated to realize significant savings in
terms of money and burden-hours. As part of this ongoing review to maximize the
cost-effectiveness of its regulatory programs, USDA invites public comment to
assist in analyzing its existing significant regulations to determine whether
any should be modified, streamlined, expanded, or repealed. The focus of this
review is to identify areas where savings can be achieved through increased use
of advanced information technology to transition from paper submissions to
electronic submissions; streamlining or redesigning existing information
collections to both reduce the reporting burden on the public for participation
in and compliance with USDA programs; reducing duplication through increased
data sharing and harmonization for programs with similar regulatory
requirements; and providing increased regulatory flexibility to achieve desired
program outcomes and maximize cost-effectiveness.
Dates

Comments and information are requested on or before May 18, 2015.
Addresses

Interested persons are invited to submit comments regarding this notice. All
submissions must refer to "Retrospective Review" to ensure proper delivery.

Electronic Submission of Comments. Interested persons may submit comments
electronically through the Federal eRulemaking Portal:
http://www.regulations.gov. USDA strongly encourages commenters to submit
comments electronically. Electronic submission of comments allows the commenter
maximum time to prepare and submit a comment, and ensures timely receipt by
USDA. Commenters should follow the instructions provided on that site to submit
comments electronically.
    Submission of Comments by Mail, Hand delivery, or Courier. Paper, disk, or
CD-ROM submissions should be submitted to Michael Poe, Office of Budget and
Program Analysis, USDA, Jamie L. Whitten Building, Room 101-A, 1400 Independence
Ave. SW., Washington, DC 20250.

For Further Information Contact

Michael Poe, Telephone Number: (202) 720-3257.
Supplementary Information

USDA remains committed to minimizing the burdens on individuals businesses, and
communities for participation in and compliance with USDA programs that promote
economic growth, create jobs, and protect the health and safety of the American
people.

USDA programs are diverse and far reaching, as are the regulations and
legislation that implement their delivery. The regulations range from nutrition
standards for the school lunch program, natural resources and environmental
measures governing national forest usage and soil conservation, emergency
producer assistance as a result of natural disasters, to protection of American
agriculture from the ravages of plant or animal pestilence. USDA regulations
extend from farm to supermarket to ensure the safety, quality, and availability
of the Nation's food supply. Regulations also specify how USDA conducts its
business, including access to and eligibility for USDA programs. Finally,
regulations specify the responsibilities of businesses, individuals, and State
and local governments that are necessary to comply with their provisions.
I. Executive Orders 13563 and 13610

Executive Order 13563, "Improving Regulation and Regulatory Review," was issued
to ensure that Federal regulations use the best available tools to promote
innovation that will reduce costs and burden while allowing public participation
and an open exchange of ideas. These principles will enhance and strengthen
Federal regulations to allow them to achieve their regulatory objectives, most
important among them protecting public health, welfare, safety, and the
environment. In consideration of these principles, and as directed by the
Executive Order, Federal agencies and departments need to periodically review
existing regulations that may be outmoded, ineffective, insufficient, or
excessively burdensome and to modify, streamline, expand, or repeal them in
accordance with what has been learned.

In addition, Executive Order 13610, "Identifying and Reducing Regulatory
Burdens," directed Federal agencies to conduct retrospective analyses of
existing rules to examine whether they remain justified and whether they should
be modified or streamlined in light of changed circumstances, including the
availability of new technologies. Executive Order 13610 directs Federal agencies
to give priority, consistent with law, to those initiatives that will produce
significant quantifiable monetary savings or significant quantifiable reductions
in paperwork burdens while protecting public health, welfare, safety, and the
environment. For the regulatory requirements imposed on small businesses, it
directs Federal agencies to give special consideration to initiativesthat would
simplify or harmonize the regulatory requirements.

As part of this retrospective review of regulations, USDA published an RFI on
April 20, 2011 (76 FR 22058), and developed a final plan that focused on
reducing costs and reporting requirements on the public. However, the overall
intention of Executive Order 13563 was not to be a single exercise, but to
create a continuing process of scrutiny of regulatory actions. Therefore, USDA
is once again seeking public comment on how best to remove unintended regulatory
obstacles to participation in and compliance with USDA programs and ways to
improve the current regulations to help USDA agencies advance the USDA mission.
II. Request for Information

All regulatory actions by all USDA agencies are open for comment. USDA is
particularly interested in public comments that speak to areas in which we can
reduce costs and reporting burdens on the public, through technological advances
or other modernization efforts, and comments on regulatory flexibility.

USDA's initial retrospective review under Executive Order 13563 identified eight
regulations, four of which have been implemented. An additional regulation from
the Forest Service on revised National Environmental Policy Act implementing
procedures was also identified and implemented. USDA also identified paperwork
and burden reduction initiatives under Executive Order 13610. The following
table highlights USDA's key accomplishments and on-going activities pursuant to
its efforts to reduce regulatory burdens:
Agency Program or initiative Results
Food and Nutrition Service Direct Certification for School Meals In School Year
2013-14, 87 percent of all children in households participating in the
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) were directly certified for
free school meals without a paper application.In addition, more than 14,000
high-poverty schools serving over 6.4 million students now offer free breakfasts
and lunches to all of their enrolled students using third-party direct
certification information instead of paper applications. The new Community
Eligibility Provision was phased-in over a 3-year period, starting in school
year 2011-12 in school districts across the country, including Florida, Georgia,
Illinois, Kentucky, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, New York, Ohio,
Washington, DC, and West Virginia; the provision became available to eligible
schools and districts nationwide beginning July 1, 2014.Will reduce the
information collection burden by approximately 113,000 hours per year.
Forest Service National Environmental Policy Act Implementing Procedures Revised
implementing procedures and established new categorical exclusions to expedite
landscape restoration activities on National Forests, Grasslands, and
Prairies.Final rule published September 12, 2013.
Food Safety and Inspection Service Electronic Import Inspection and
Certification of Imported Products and Foreign Establishments Will reduce the
information collection burden on importers by approximately 10,000 hours.Final
rule published September 19, 2014.
Food Safety and Inspection Service Electronic Export Application and
Certification Fee Expected to reduce the information collection burden
hours.Proposed rule published January 23, 2012; Final rulemaking underway.
Food Safety and Inspection Service Prior Labeling Approval System: Generic Label
Approval Will reduce the information collection burden on industry by
approximately 34,971 hours.Final rule published November 7, 2013.
Rural Development Rural Business Service Rural Energy for America Program
Streamlined grant application process reduced the information collection burden
hours by approximately 20 to 50 percent.Final rule published December 29, 2014.
Rural Development Rural Business Service Business and Industry Loan Guarantee
Programs Will reduce the information collection burden by approximately 2,000
hours.Final rule published September 15, 2014.
Rural Development Rural Housing Service Community Facilities Loan and Grants
Will save the public approximately $4 million per year.
Farm Service Agency and Risk Management Agency Acreage Crop Reporting
Streamlining Initiative Coordinating across the two agencies to improve,
streamline, and eliminate or minimize duplicate information collection
requirements.
Farm Service Agency Streamlined Farm Loan Programs Direct Loan Making Eliminated
17,898 responses and 6,271 hours annually for information collection burden,
saving $162,607 for the respondents and $647,728 in Federal costs.
Agricultural Marketing Service Export Certificate Forms Amending regulations to
improve oversight and ensure compliance with regulations. Changes also include
removing the requirement for carriers to retain copies of inspection
certificates.Rulemaking is underway.
Agricultural Marketing Service Inspection of Eggs; Import Request for Shell Eggs
The inspection and clearance process will be reduced by approximately 48
hours.Access to the Customs and Border Protection maintained Automated Customs
Environment will allow enhanced communication of the status of the clearance
process involving the Food and Drug Administration, Food Safety and Inspection
Service, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, and Agricultural Marketing
Service.Rulemaking is underway.
Natural Resources Conservation Service Conservation Delivery Streamlining
Initiative (CDSI) CDSI Client Gateway (CG) is a secure web application that will
enable NRCS clients to perform many functions online and view their data without
having to travel to the USDA local service center. A client will be able to
request technical assistance, view their conservation plans, apply for Farm Bill
conservation program financial assistance, view their contract payments for
certified contract items (practices in Farm Bill conservation program contracts)
upload and download supporting documentation, and sign their plans, agreements,
and contracts. CG will reduce approximately 110,000 hours of travel time for
clients going to agency offices and reduce the information collection burden by
approximately 40,000 hours.
Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service Declaration Forms for Imported Plant
and Plant Products In cooperation with other Federal entities, implemented
initiatives to reduce the burden on importers and is developing an electronic
entry system and solicited public comments on regulatory options.Cost savings to
industry estimated at $1.7 million to $5.7 million for the electronic entry
system and cost savings to industry estimated at $7.2 million to $24 million for
the de minimis exemption approximately and a reduction of approximately 120,000
hours in information collection burden.Rulemaking is underway.
Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service Participation in the International
Trade Data System Amending regulations to remove any impediments to the full
implementation of participation in the International Trade Data System via the
Automated Commercial Environment.
Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service Certification, Accreditation,
Registration, Permits, and Other Licenses Creating a new electronic system to
consolidate and streamline agency certification, accreditation, registration
permit, and license processes.Expects both savings in cost and information
collection burden hours.
III. Regulatory Flexibility

In addition to looking back at current regulations, USDA is also looking forward
to how new regulations are implemented and how existing regulations can be
improved. Regulatory flexibility includes a variety of regulatory techniques
that can help avoid unnecessary costs on regulated entities and avoid negative
impacts. Regulatory flexibility techniques could include:

Pilot projects, which can be used test regulatory approaches;
    Safe harbors, which are streamlined modes of regulatory compliance and can
serve to reduce compliance costs;
    Sunset provisions, which terminate a rule after a certain date;
    Trigger provisions, which specify one or more threshold indicators that the
rule is designed to address;
    Phase-ins, which allow the rule to be phased-in for different groups at
different times;
    Streamlined requirements, which provide exemptions or other streamlined
requirements if a particular entity (for example, a small business) may
otherwise experience disproportionate burden from a rule;
    State flexibilities, which provide greater flexibility to States or other
regulatory partners, for example, giving them freedom to implement alternative
regulatory approaches; and
    Exceptions, which allow exceptions to part or all of the rule in cases where
there is a potential or suspected unintended consequence.

IV. Questions for Commenters

In providing comments, the public is encouraged to respond to the below
questions:

What regulations or reporting requirements that have become outdated and, if so,
how can they be modernized to accomplish the regulatory objectives better?
    Do agencies currently collect information that they do not need or use
effectively to achieve regulatory objectives?
    Which regulations, reporting requirements, or regulatory submission or
application processes are unnecessarily complicated or could be streamlined to
achieve regulatory objectives in ways that are more efficient?
    Which regulations, submission and application processes, or reporting
requirements have been overtaken by technological developments? Can new
technologies be used to modify, streamline, or do away with existing regulatory
or reporting requirements?
    Which regulations provide examples of how regulatory flexibility techniques
have worked well? In general, who has benefitted from the regulatory
flexibility? What types of regulatory flexibility have worked well?
    What regulations would be improved through the addition of regulatory
flexibility techniques? How would regulatory flexibility lower costs and burden?
How would regulatory flexibility improve benefits?

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               13 of 75 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Europe - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             June 3, 2009 Wednesday

German chancellor backs government's intervention to save "efficient companies"

LENGTH: 2678 words


Excerpt from report by independent German news magazine Der Spiegel website on
31 May

[Interview with German Chancellor Angela Merkel by unidentified correspondents;
place and date not given: "I Do Not Have Nightmares"]

Federal Chancellor Angela Merkel, aged 54, discusses government bailouts for
companies and the burden for future generations, the coalition with the SPD
[Social Democratic Party of Germany], and the difficult legacy of the GDR
[German Democratic Republic, former Communist East Germany].

[Der Spiegel] Madam Chancellor, you have shaped an astonishing career for
yourself since you took office three and a half years ago. In addition to being
head of government, you are also Germany's top executive. Did you ever dream
this would happen?

[Merkel] I do not think much of such word games. My daily work consists of
coping with the worldwide financial crisis and doing everything possible to
ensure that it does not happen again. In the past few months, we have had to
devote more of our attention to government bailout plans than anyone could ever
have imagined. Nevertheless, it is not nothing new for the government to issue
loan guarantees for businesses. For example, my election district is known as a
location of the shipbuilding industry. Loan guarantees have played an important
role in this industry for decades.

[Der Spiegel] It sounds as if you believe it is completely normal for the
government to help one company after the next.

[Merkel] I mentioned two things: the existence of loan guarantees, which are not
new, and the exceptional nature of the global crisis. The crucial thing about
the crisis was the impending collapse of banks, which had to be prevented.
Neither I nor many others could have imagined that the government would have to
rescue banks overnight at great expense because otherwise the entire financial
system would collapse. Nevertheless, we did not allow ourselves to be put off
and we reacted appropriately to the unthinkable.

[Der Spiegel] [Former German Chancellor and Economics Minister] Ludwig Erhard's
understanding of the social market economy did not include the government
bailout of weak companies.

[Merkel] Ludwig Erhard assigned to the state the role of custodian of the
economic and social order, and after the war, for example, he specifically
supported government intervention in the construction of housing when the market
failed in that area. The current situation is being portrayed in a highly
exaggerated fashion. The government today is not playing the role of
entrepreneur, but given its role as custodian of the system, it has to
intervene.

[Der Spiegel] In other words, there is nothing unusual about the Federal
Government being called upon to bail out companies like [carmaker] Opel, [retail
group] Arcandor, or [car parts supplier] Schaeffler?

[Merkel] As I said, the dimensions of the worldwide crisis are very exceptional,
but government guarantee schemes or low-interest loans have existed in Germany
for decades, and they have proven to be successful. For this reason, I believe
that we currently run the risk of bundling together issues that are separate. We
must be careful to draw a distinction between companies that are fundamentally
efficient but are in trouble because the banks are not lending them money due to
the international crisis, and those that have simply been poorly managed,
independent of the crisis. A solid business model is a prerequisite for
government assistance. We have appropriate experts in the loan guarantee
committee and the steering committee to verify this. Therefore, it also does not
make sense for all kinds of politicians to give advice, for example, on what to
do with Arcandor, before the committee has taken a position.

[Der Spiegel] In the past, business owners came to you and gave you advice. Now
they are coming to ask for help. Has your view of German business owners
changed?

[Merkel] A request can also come in the form of dispensing advice, in this case
the advice being that we should give them a loan guarantee. Conversely, I also
sometimes give advice to businesses, which certainly balances things out and
makes the issue not as relevant. Besides, I should point out that the
overwhelming majority of business owners and managers do effective and
responsible work. Otherwise, Germany would not have such a strong position in
the world economy.

[Der Spiegel] Business leaders have often looked down on the political world.

[Merkel] If my view has changed, then it would be towards some representatives
of the financial industry: in the past, people in that industry said that those
who did not take risks were behind the times. When we called for improved
supervision, we were repeatedly told that we did not understand how the global
economy works. That was an influential experience, and I do not want to
experience it a second time. We have to take decisive counter measures should
banks, hedge funds, and international financial managers resist rules and
regulations.

[Der Spiegel] Currently, the main subject of the crisis in Germany is the issue
of Opel. Why are you helping a manufacturer that is only in trouble because too
few people find its cars attractive?

[Merkel] That is not the point. In the past, Opel was firmly integrated into the
GM [General Motors] group and unable to act independently. The parent company
General Motors is now more or less owned by the US Treasury Department. Opel
cannot do anything on its own unless the European governments take action. Why
should the best part of the company go under, just because the parent company in
the United States was mismanaged? We would also be taking action to help Opel if
there was no economic crisis.

[Der Spiegel] Your economics minister [Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg] has
repeatedly talked about a possible bankruptcy for Opel, and received sharp
criticism from the SPD for doing so. Do you share the criticism of Mr
Guttenberg's crisis management?

[Merkel] The economics minister is simply doing what he is required to do, which
is to take the preservation of both jobs and the taxpayers' money into account.
It is his job, and it is both correct and necessary to carefully examine every
investor's plan.

[Der Spiegel] Do you rule out the option of a bankruptcy?

[Merkel] We are doing everything in our power to find different solution.
However, direct government investment in Opel is out of the question for me.

[Der Spiegel] How do you feel that the Americans are treating you in the
negotiations?

[Merkel] We need even more intensive cooperation to arrive at a mutually
acceptable solution. In this regard, there is certainly room for improvement on
the US side.

[Der Spiegel] It is our impression that your vice chancellor [Frank-Walter
Steinmeier] is putting you under pressure on the Opel issue. Do you have the
same feeling?

[Merkel] No.

[Der Spiegel] In general, is it easier for the SPD to deal with the crisis? All
the tools, from the nationalization of banks to loan guarantees, are less
problematic, in terms of regulatory policy, for the Social Democrats than for
the CDU/CSU [Christian Democratic Union/Christian Social Union].

[Merkel] For everyone, the crisis is an extraordinary situation for which there
is no script. And besides, in the end even the SPD can only spend as much money
as the state has collected.

[Der Spiegel] You wanted to be the chancellor who balanced the national budget
on a long-term basis. Now you must take responsibility for the largest amount of
new debt in the history of the Federal Republic. Under these circumstances, do
you find it difficult to be satisfied with yourself?

[Merkel] I am very satisfied with the way we consolidated the budget and reduced
unemployment before the crisis. I am also very satisfied with the determination
with which the Federal Government has tackled the worst global recession in 80
years, and has spent billions to help workers and business bridge the crisis.
This is the right thing to do, even though it is difficult for everyone. The
alternative, namely not to react to the crisis in the way we have, thereby
protecting the budget, is not a reasonable alternative. It would have led to far
more serious consequences and would have been more costly in the end.

[Der Spiegel] Do you ever have nightmares when you think about what you are
leaving behind for future generations?

[Merkel] Fortunately, I generally do not have nightmares. I am an optimist.
Incidentally, this legislative period has shown that a government can achieve a
balanced budget in normal times. For three years, until the eruption of the
worldwide banking crisis, we made good progress in consolidating the budgets and
had even reached a balanced budget for the state as a whole, that is, the
federal, state, and local governments and the social insurance system combined.
Once the crisis has been overcome, we must and will resume this path of
consolidation.

[Der Spiegel] Is debt the worst legacy of the crisis?

[Merkel] It will only be possible to assess the full scope of the damage after
some time, in retrospect. The most important thing for the people - and I can
understand this - is how we guarantee their jobs. In my opinion, one of the
reasons why the abrupt economic decline is so serious is that, especially in
Germany, a growing number of people were able to perceive that the reforms of
the recent years were important and that they were worth it. Citizens were never
fond of the Agenda 2010 [a package of reforms introduced by Merkel's
predecessor, Gerhard Schroeder] and the reforms of my term in office, but they
did see that unemployment shrank from 5 million to under 3 million. Now many
people worry that all of this effort may have been in vain, when they see how an
external event, such as the Lehman bankruptcy and the collapse of the financial
markets, threatens to destroy everything. That is the bitter part of the crisis,
and we are doing everything that is feasible and responsible to fight that.

[Der Spiegel] In light of the mountain of debt, who do you expect to believe you
when you say that you will reduce taxes in the next legislative period?

[Merkel] Your question leads to the important issue of how we are to generate
growth once again. The SPD, for example, says that all kindergartens should be
free of charge. It is a goal that everyone is likely to applaud, but how the SPD
expects to pay for it remains unclear. We, on the other hand, do not want to see
all our country's top economic performers, from skilled workers to the
self-employed - namely those people who will get the economy back on track again
- facing a constantly growing tax burden through the so-called cold progression,
in other words, through the backdoor. To achieve new growth, we need more
motivation and a fair balance between salary and performance, and that also
includes tax relief.

[Der Spiegel] Why should anyone get tax relief when it is the government that
seems to need money most of all at the moment?

[Merkel] Because, as I said, it is also about having a prospect for growth.
Otherwise, it is completely clear that we must work on paying off the debts.
Most of the expenses we incur as a result of the financial crisis are - for good
reason - temporary. The infrastructure programme is for two years, the
regulations regarding short-time working schemes are subject to a time limit,
and so is the corporate tax relief. Once the crisis has been overcome, we will
have to focus on reducing structural debt above all. In doing so, I will avoid
anything that promotes feelings of envy, which merely triggers the search for
scapegoats without solving any problems. Symbolic compensation, such as the
so-called wealth tax as proposed by the SPD, is not a serious instrument.

[Der Spiegel] In the grand coalition, you did everything differently than you
had anticipated. You wanted to relieve the burden on taxpayers, but instead you
raised taxes. You wanted to secure old-age pensions, but you suspended the
pension formula. You wanted reforms, but you weakened the Agenda 2010.

[Merkel] My assessment of our performance includes different things: we agreed
to a pension entry age of 67. We reduced non-wage labour costs from 42 per cent
to less than 40 per cent. We abolished the early retirement rules, and we took
steps to fight illegal employment. These things, and many others, are precisely
the things we had vowed to do from the start.

[Der Spiegel] In other words, you continued Schroeder's course of reforms?

[Merkel] The Agenda 2010 of the Schroeder Government was only possible because
the CDU/CSU-led Bundesrat [upper chamber of the German parliament representing
the federal states] approved it. The Grand Coalition has continued along the
same path since 2005 with additional reforms.

[passage omitted]

[Der Spiegel] Do you think the FDP [Free Democratic Party of Germany] can help
get Germany out of the crisis more quickly?

[Merkel] The Grand Coalition's record, both leading up to the crisis and in
coping with the crisis, is nothing to sneeze at. It has done a good job, but in
terms of creating more growth and jobs, a coalition with the FDP would be
better.

[passage omitted]

[Der Spiegel] Could you imagine [FDP Chairman] Guido Westerwelle as foreign
minister?

[Merkel] Guido Westerwelle would refuse to tolerate my meddling in his party's
personnel decisions. Each party in a coalition makes its own personnel
decisions. I would not want people to say: Merkel is already filling the FDP's
positions. Anyone who wishes to form a coalition government with the FDP, as we
do, must be able to imagine the party's leading figures as cabinet ministers,
and I can certainly do that.

[Der Spiegel] We would also like to talk to you about a discovery that has
shocked many West Germans. Karl-Heinz Kurras, the police officer who shot and
killed the student Benno Ohnesorg during a protest march in 1967, worked for the
Stasi [East German secret police], and was a member of the SED [Socialist Unity
Party of Germany, East German communist party]. How did you feel when you heard
the news?

[Merkel] That the Stasi apparently must have had more influence on political
processes in the former West Germany than many have imagined until now. But some
have also been too quick to forget that, for example, former terrorists were
also given a safe haven in the GDR. In other words, the Kurras case makes it
abundantly clear, once again, that East Germany was naturally involved in
efforts to destabilize West Germany; otherwise, it would not have hired a man
like that as an agent.

[Der Spiegel] Do you think the proposal to cut Kurras's pension is correct?

[Merkel] That is something for the Berlin Senate [state government] to decide
based on the law governing the city's employees. Such regulations have also been
applied to former GDR citizens. Why should it be different this time, when
someone in the West worked for the Stasi? That is only fair.

[Der Spiegel] You too were approached by the Stasi. Are you ever concerned that
there might be something about you hidden in the archives?

[Merkel] No, I am familiar with my life, after all. Apart from that, the case of
the death of Benno Ohnesorg shows that new information is still coming to light,
even 20 years after the fall of the Berlin Wall. That is bound to continue.

[Der Spiegel] Do you believe that all members of the Bundestag [lower chamber of
the German Parliament] should be investigated to determine whether they worked
for the Stasi?

[Merkel] That is something the Bundestag will have to decide for itself. It last
addressed the issue three years ago, when it decided against it. Bundestag
members from the former East Germany have already been investigated at least
twice, and my parliamentary group, the CDU/CSU Group, has initiated an
investigation of all members.

[Der Spiegel] Is it true that the Stasi also approached your father?

[Merkel] Unfortunately, it was common to be approached by the Stasi. The
question was how you responded.

[Der Spiegel] Madam Chancellor, we thank you for this conversation.

Source: Der Spiegel website, Hamburg, in German 31 May 09

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2009 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                               14 of 75 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                          February 15, 2003, Saturday

Victim of razor rash discovered roots to success

BYLINE: Hugh Thompson

SECTION: Business; 52

LENGTH: 919 words


On file. Company: KMI. Concept: Shaving and skincare products. Turnover: Pounds
15 million. Employees: 17. Founder directors: Will King 37, Herbie Dayal 43

BUSINESS partnerships are rarely made in heaven. But few can have come from a
friendship that started when a management consultant recommended sacking the
marketing manager.

Will King had ploughed through his A levels and taken a degree at a poly before
finding his feet as an advertising space salesman with Haymarket. Not only was
he good at making 200 calls a day to get to the 15 decision-makers but the
experience gave him the thick skin essential in all business. He graduated to
marketing conferences and events and was flying high until the recession of the
early Nineties.

Enter Herbie Dayal, who had had a more glorious academic career, including an
MBA from Insead. He had been involved with international manufacturing projects
and a large management consultancy before branching out on his own. That was
when he recommended that King, the unfortunate junior manager of a London
office, be sacked.

"He did it so well and is such a nice guy that we became friends,'' says King.

Dayal had always thought that somewhere in his consultancy career he would come
across a business opportunity into which he could get his teeth full-time. He
was keen to back King. They looked for opportunities. There was a business
importing body suits for surfers. There was a business polling employees for
management.

Neither worked. What would work was staring King in the face every morning. His
razor rash.

"One day my wife told me to try her bath oil instead of my shaving cream and it
worked. As always I talked to Herbie, and we thought using oil instead of soap
for shaving had real possibilities, since so many men suffered from dry skin.''

At first they called the new shaving product Sunrise but it quickly changed its
name to King of Shaves. The first 10,000 bottles were all bottled by hand in a
back bedroom. At the time there was even a problem paying for the bottles. Today
there are 30 products in the oil-based, low-foam range and ambitions to become a
Pounds 60 million world brand. And all the products are manufactured by
subcontractors.

At first the oil had to sourced, bottled, sampled, sold and - hardest of all -
financed. King's family and friends chipped in. Dayal was always a backer. But
without a name or bank credit, things are always difficult. Very quickly they
sold into Harrods and Boots but in the first three years, while the business
turned over Pounds 60,000, it lost Pounds 110,000

But the pair were never completely disheartened. Harrods took the product very
early, which was good for prestige if not for unit sales. Boots gave it a try,
Superdrug and Tesco got interested. "Whenever we were really down some good news
came in. Being able to persist with those phone calls was vital,'' says King. "I
think we made six trips to Nottingham to talk to Boots and our meetings lasted
about ten minutes in total,'' says Dayal.

In l995 Dayal was convinced enough to leave his day job, a decision that was
helped by the fact that their bank manager belatedly told them about the
Department of Trade and Industry loan guarantee scheme for sums up to Pounds
250,000.

With the business getting serious new products and ideas had to come into play.

Although growing at about 35 per cent a year, male cosmetics start from a very
small base and their speed of growth is restricted by the few products a man
buys.

By the mid-Nineties fashion brands were extending their ranges into almost every
high-profit consumer product, including cosmetics. Ted Baker, a big US fashion
brand, had just gone public. Dayal and King approached the company and within 20
minutes of meeting the chief executive a licensing deal was struck. The Ted
Baker fragrance is now one of Boots's top ten sellers. Another of Ted Baker's
suppliers was Pentland, which owns Speedo, maker of swimwear and accessories. It
wasn't long before KMI was producing a Speedo range of skin and hair products.
"While the Ted Baker range doesn't compete with King of Shaves and is mainly a
Christmas gift item, Speedo has the advantage of getting us into the US and
Australian markets.

In this business, marketing costs are high and the more brands you are selling
the more efficient you become,'' says Dayal.

Cosmetics are famous for selling 90 per cent hope and 10 per cent packaging. By
the same token any success in male cosmetics is the triumph of hope over
tradition. Male moisturisers, a key KMI product, have been a coming thing for 20
years. No doubt with a more indulgent and fashionable youth and an ageing
population, the time for these products may well be upon us.

King and Dayal claim that the great success of their shaving products comes from
word of mouth but it is still difficult to see men having a conversation about
which shaving products they use. Nevertheless King states that two million men
are using their rash-free products and the rate of growth of the company - up 50
per cent since last year - shows something is happening.

Dayal says that they are "second in the shaving market'', behind Gillette. He
adds: "When we started we sold a product every three months. Now we sell one
every nine seconds. We are geared up to be five times our existing size. I know
we are still a small company.''

His advice to would-be entrepreneurs: nothing happens if you wait for it to
happen.


LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2003 Times Newspapers Limited


                               15 of 75 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           January 23, 2013 Wednesday

United States Department of Agriculture Rural Development honors Great Western
Bank

LENGTH: 287  words

DATELINE: Rapid City, South Dakota


For their partnership in utilizing the USDA Business & Industry (B&I) Loan
Guarantee Program, the United States Department of Agriculture Rural Development
honored Great Western Bank in Rapid City.

The plan is aimed to increase access to capital for businesses in rural areas of
South Dakota, supporting jobs and improving the quality of life for residents
living in the western part of the state.

Mike Hildebrandt, Business Banking Vice President, Great Western Bank, said the
USDA Rural Development is a great tool for growing businesses located in rural
areas. At Great Western Bank we use the guarantee program to mitigate specific
risks that might otherwise keep Great Western Bank from lending in these
situations.

"Great Western Bank has partnered with the USDA on projects that are highly
unique, projects with high levels of industry exposure and a host of other
reasons. The Rural Development guarantee program allows Great Western Bank to
offer attractive financing options which allow rural businesses to expand and
continue to enhance the rural economy," said Mike Hildebrandt.

Elsie Meeks, South Dakota USDA Rural Development State Director, said President
Obama is committed to strengthening rural communities. Working with private
lenders throughout the state, USDA Rural Development is able to increase
investment capital, helping communities and local organizations build a strong
business infrastructure to nurture economic growth. USDA Rural Development
provided a $7.1 million Business and Industry Loan Guarantee for Great Western
Bank located in Rapid City that, through leveraging, assisted one business. This
project is expected to create or retain 73 jobs which almost doubles the
company's workforce.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               16 of 75 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 17, 2015 Tuesday

Identifying and Reducing Regulatory Burdens

LENGTH: 2602  words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


The following press release has issued by the Department of Agriculture (USDA):


Action

Request for Information (RFI).
Summary

In accordance with Executive Order 13563, "Improving Regulation and Regulatory
Review," and Executive Order 13610, "Identifying and Reducing Regulatory
Burdens," the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) continues to review its
existing regulations and information collections to evaluate the continued
effectiveness in addressing the circumstances for which the regulations were
implemented. USDA's Final Plan for Retrospective Analysis, released August 18,
2011, focused on actions needed to minimize the burdens on individuals,
businesses, and communities attempting to access programs that promote economic
growth, create jobs, and protect the health and safety of the American people.
The plan identified initiatives estimated to realize significant savings in
terms of money and burden-hours. As part of this ongoing review to maximize the
cost-effectiveness of its regulatory programs, USDA invites public comment to
assist in analyzing its existing significant regulations to determine whether
any should be modified, streamlined, expanded, or repealed. The focus of this
review is to identify areas where savings can be achieved through increased use
of advanced information technology to transition from paper submissions to
electronic submissions; streamlining or redesigning existing information
collections to both reduce the reporting burden on the public for participation
in and compliance with USDA programs; reducing duplication through increased
data sharing and harmonization for programs with similar regulatory
requirements; and providing increased regulatory flexibility to achieve desired
program outcomes and maximize cost-effectiveness.


Dates

Comments and information are requested on or before May 18, 2015.
Addresses

Interested persons are invited to submit comments regarding this notice. All
submissions must refer to "Retrospective Review" to ensure proper delivery.

Electronic Submission of Comments. Interested persons may submit comments
electronically through the Federal eRulemaking Portal:
http://www.regulations.gov. USDA strongly encourages commenters to submit
comments electronically. Electronic submission of comments allows the commenter
maximum time to prepare and submit a comment, and ensures timely receipt by
USDA. Commenters should follow the instructions provided on that site to submit
comments electronically.
    Submission of Comments by Mail, Hand delivery, or Courier. Paper, disk, or
CD-ROM submissions should be submitted to Michael Poe, Office of Budget and
Program Analysis, USDA, Jamie L. Whitten Building, Room 101-A, 1400 Independence
Ave. SW., Washington, DC 20250.

For Further Information Contact

Michael Poe, Telephone Number: (202) 720-3257.
Supplementary Information

USDA remains committed to minimizing the burdens on individuals businesses, and
communities for participation in and compliance with USDA programs that promote
economic growth, create jobs, and protect the health and safety of the American
people.

USDA programs are diverse and far reaching, as are the regulations and
legislation that implement their delivery. The regulations range from nutrition
standards for the school lunch program, natural resources and environmental
measures governing national forest usage and soil conservation, emergency
producer assistance as a result of natural disasters, to protection of American
agriculture from the ravages of plant or animal pestilence. USDA regulations
extend from farm to supermarket to ensure the safety, quality, and availability
of the Nation's food supply. Regulations also specify how USDA conducts its
business, including access to and eligibility for USDA programs. Finally,
regulations specify the responsibilities of businesses, individuals, and State
and local governments that are necessary to comply with their provisions.
I. Executive Orders 13563 and 13610

Executive Order 13563, "Improving Regulation and Regulatory Review," was issued
to ensure that Federal regulations use the best available tools to promote
innovation that will reduce costs and burden while allowing public participation
and an open exchange of ideas. These principles will enhance and strengthen
Federal regulations to allow them to achieve their regulatory objectives, most
important among them protecting public health, welfare, safety, and the
environment. In consideration of these principles, and as directed by the
Executive Order, Federal agencies and departments need to periodically review
existing regulations that may be outmoded, ineffective, insufficient, or
excessively burdensome and to modify, streamline, expand, or repeal them in
accordance with what has been learned.

In addition, Executive Order 13610, "Identifying and Reducing Regulatory
Burdens," directed Federal agencies to conduct retrospective analyses of
existing rules to examine whether they remain justified and whether they should
be modified or streamlined in light of changed circumstances, including the
availability of new technologies. Executive Order 13610 directs Federal agencies
to give priority, consistent with law, to those initiatives that will produce
significant quantifiable monetary savings or significant quantifiable reductions
in paperwork burdens while protecting public health, welfare, safety, and the
environment. For the regulatory requirements imposed on small businesses, it
directs Federal agencies to give special consideration to initiativesthat would
simplify or harmonize the regulatory requirements.

As part of this retrospective review of regulations, USDA published an RFI on
April 20, 2011 (76 FR 22058), and developed a final plan that focused on
reducing costs and reporting requirements on the public. However, the overall
intention of Executive Order 13563 was not to be a single exercise, but to
create a continuing process of scrutiny of regulatory actions. Therefore, USDA
is once again seeking public comment on how best to remove unintended regulatory
obstacles to participation in and compliance with USDA programs and ways to
improve the current regulations to help USDA agencies advance the USDA mission.
II. Request for Information

All regulatory actions by all USDA agencies are open for comment. USDA is
particularly interested in public comments that speak to areas in which we can
reduce costs and reporting burdens on the public, through technological advances
or other modernization efforts, and comments on regulatory flexibility.

USDA's initial retrospective review under Executive Order 13563 identified eight
regulations, four of which have been implemented. An additional regulation from
the Forest Service on revised National Environmental Policy Act implementing
procedures was also identified and implemented. USDA also identified paperwork
and burden reduction initiatives under Executive Order 13610. The following
table highlights USDA's key accomplishments and on-going activities pursuant to
its efforts to reduce regulatory burdens:
Agency Program or initiative Results
Food and Nutrition Service Direct Certification for School Meals In School Year
2013-14, 87 percent of all children in households participating in the
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) were directly certified for
free school meals without a paper application.In addition, more than 14,000
high-poverty schools serving over 6.4 million students now offer free breakfasts
and lunches to all of their enrolled students using third-party direct
certification information instead of paper applications. The new Community
Eligibility Provision was phased-in over a 3-year period, starting in school
year 2011-12 in school districts across the country, including Florida, Georgia,
Illinois, Kentucky, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, New York, Ohio,
Washington, DC, and West Virginia; the provision became available to eligible
schools and districts nationwide beginning July 1, 2014.Will reduce the
information collection burden by approximately 113,000 hours per year.
Forest Service National Environmental Policy Act Implementing Procedures Revised
implementing procedures and established new categorical exclusions to expedite
landscape restoration activities on National Forests, Grasslands, and
Prairies.Final rule published September 12, 2013.
Food Safety and Inspection Service Electronic Import Inspection and
Certification of Imported Products and Foreign Establishments Will reduce the
information collection burden on importers by approximately 10,000 hours.Final
rule published September 19, 2014.
Food Safety and Inspection Service Electronic Export Application and
Certification Fee Expected to reduce the information collection burden
hours.Proposed rule published January 23, 2012; Final rulemaking underway.
Food Safety and Inspection Service Prior Labeling Approval System: Generic Label
Approval Will reduce the information collection burden on industry by
approximately 34,971 hours.Final rule published November 7, 2013.
Rural Development Rural Business Service Rural Energy for America Program
Streamlined grant application process reduced the information collection burden
hours by approximately 20 to 50 percent.Final rule published December 29, 2014.
Rural Development Rural Business Service Business and Industry Loan Guarantee
Programs Will reduce the information collection burden by approximately 2,000
hours.Final rule published September 15, 2014.
Rural Development Rural Housing Service Community Facilities Loan and Grants
Will save the public approximately $4 million per year.
Farm Service Agency and Risk Management Agency Acreage Crop Reporting
Streamlining Initiative Coordinating across the two agencies to improve,
streamline, and eliminate or minimize duplicate information collection
requirements.
Farm Service Agency Streamlined Farm Loan Programs Direct Loan Making Eliminated
17,898 responses and 6,271 hours annually for information collection burden,
saving $162,607 for the respondents and $647,728 in Federal costs.
Agricultural Marketing Service Export Certificate Forms Amending regulations to
improve oversight and ensure compliance with regulations. Changes also include
removing the requirement for carriers to retain copies of inspection
certificates.Rulemaking is underway.
Agricultural Marketing Service Inspection of Eggs; Import Request for Shell Eggs
The inspection and clearance process will be reduced by approximately 48
hours.Access to the Customs and Border Protection maintained Automated Customs
Environment will allow enhanced communication of the status of the clearance
process involving the Food and Drug Administration, Food Safety and Inspection
Service, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, and Agricultural Marketing
Service.Rulemaking is underway.
Natural Resources Conservation Service Conservation Delivery Streamlining
Initiative (CDSI) CDSI Client Gateway (CG) is a secure web application that will
enable NRCS clients to perform many functions online and view their data without
having to travel to the USDA local service center. A client will be able to
request technical assistance, view their conservation plans, apply for Farm Bill
conservation program financial assistance, view their contract payments for
certified contract items (practices in Farm Bill conservation program contracts)
upload and download supporting documentation, and sign their plans, agreements,
and contracts. CG will reduce approximately 110,000 hours of travel time for
clients going to agency offices and reduce the information collection burden by
approximately 40,000 hours.
Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service Declaration Forms for Imported Plant
and Plant Products In cooperation with other Federal entities, implemented
initiatives to reduce the burden on importers and is developing an electronic
entry system and solicited public comments on regulatory options.Cost savings to
industry estimated at $1.7 million to $5.7 million for the electronic entry
system and cost savings to industry estimated at $7.2 million to $24 million for
the de minimis exemption approximately and a reduction of approximately 120,000
hours in information collection burden.Rulemaking is underway.
Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service Participation in the International
Trade Data System Amending regulations to remove any impediments to the full
implementation of participation in the International Trade Data System via the
Automated Commercial Environment.
Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service Certification, Accreditation,
Registration, Permits, and Other Licenses Creating a new electronic system to
consolidate and streamline agency certification, accreditation, registration
permit, and license processes.Expects both savings in cost and information
collection burden hours.
III. Regulatory Flexibility

In addition to looking back at current regulations, USDA is also looking forward
to how new regulations are implemented and how existing regulations can be
improved. Regulatory flexibility includes a variety of regulatory techniques
that can help avoid unnecessary costs on regulated entities and avoid negative
impacts. Regulatory flexibility techniques could include:

Pilot projects, which can be used test regulatory approaches;
    Safe harbors, which are streamlined modes of regulatory compliance and can
serve to reduce compliance costs;
    Sunset provisions, which terminate a rule after a certain date;
    Trigger provisions, which specify one or more threshold indicators that the
rule is designed to address;
    Phase-ins, which allow the rule to be phased-in for different groups at
different times;
    Streamlined requirements, which provide exemptions or other streamlined
requirements if a particular entity (for example, a small business) may
otherwise experience disproportionate burden from a rule;
    State flexibilities, which provide greater flexibility to States or other
regulatory partners, for example, giving them freedom to implement alternative
regulatory approaches; and
    Exceptions, which allow exceptions to part or all of the rule in cases where
there is a potential or suspected unintended consequence.

IV. Questions for Commenters

In providing comments, the public is encouraged to respond to the below
questions:

What regulations or reporting requirements that have become outdated and, if so,
how can they be modernized to accomplish the regulatory objectives better?
    Do agencies currently collect information that they do not need or use
effectively to achieve regulatory objectives?
    Which regulations, reporting requirements, or regulatory submission or
application processes are unnecessarily complicated or could be streamlined to
achieve regulatory objectives in ways that are more efficient?
    Which regulations, submission and application processes, or reporting
requirements have been overtaken by technological developments? Can new
technologies be used to modify, streamline, or do away with existing regulatory
or reporting requirements?
    Which regulations provide examples of how regulatory flexibility techniques
have worked well? In general, who has benefitted from the regulatory
flexibility? What types of regulatory flexibility have worked well?
    What regulations would be improved through the addition of regulatory
flexibility techniques? How would regulatory flexibility lower costs and burden?
How would regulatory flexibility improve benefits?

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               17 of 75 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 19, 2015 Thursday

Identifying and Reducing Regulatory Burdens

LENGTH: 2725  words


Washington, D.C.: This Proposed Rule document was issued by the Department of
Agriculture (USDA)


Action

Request for Information (RFI).
Summary

In accordance with Executive Order 13563, "Improving Regulation and Regulatory
Review," and Executive Order 13610, "Identifying and Reducing Regulatory
Burdens," the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) continues to review its
existing regulations and information collections to evaluate the continued
effectiveness in addressing the circumstances for which the regulations were
implemented. USDA's Final Plan for Retrospective Analysis, released August 18,
2011, focused on actions needed to minimize the burdens on individuals,
businesses, and communities attempting to access programs that promote economic
growth, create jobs, and protect the health and safety of the American people.
The plan identified initiatives estimated to realize significant savings in
terms of money and burden-hours. As part of this ongoing review to maximize the
cost-effectiveness of its regulatory programs, USDA invites public comment to
assist in analyzing its existing significant regulations to determine whether
any should be modified, streamlined, expanded, or repealed. The focus of this
review is to identify areas where savings can be achieved through increased use
of advanced information technology to transition from paper submissions to
electronic submissions; streamlining or redesigning existing information
collections to both reduce the reporting burden on the public for participation
in and compliance with USDA programs; reducing duplication through increased
data sharing and harmonization for programs with similar regulatory
requirements; and providing increased regulatory flexibility to achieve desired
program outcomes and maximize cost-effectiveness.


Dates

Comments and information are requested on or before May 18, 2015.
Addresses

Interested persons are invited to submit comments regarding this notice. All
submissions must refer to "Retrospective Review" to ensure proper delivery.

Electronic Submission of Comments. Interested persons may submit comments
electronically through the Federal eRulemaking Portal:
http://www.regulations.gov. USDA strongly encourages commenters to submit
comments electronically. Electronic submission of comments allows the commenter
maximum time to prepare and submit a comment, and ensures timely receipt by
USDA. Commenters should follow the instructions provided on that site to submit
comments electronically.
    Submission of Comments by Mail, Hand delivery, or Courier. Paper, disk, or
CD-ROM submissions should be submitted to Michael Poe, Office of Budget and
Program Analysis, USDA, Jamie L. Whitten Building, Room 101-A, 1400 Independence
Ave. SW., Washington, DC 20250.

For Further Information Contact

Michael Poe, Telephone Number: (202) 720-3257.
Supplementary Information

USDA remains committed to minimizing the burdens on individuals businesses, and
communities for participation in and compliance with USDA programs that promote
economic growth, create jobs, and protect the health and safety of the American
people.

USDA programs are diverse and far reaching, as are the regulations and
legislation that implement their delivery. The regulations range from nutrition
standards for the school lunch program, natural resources and environmental
measures governing national forest usage and soil conservation, emergency
producer assistance as a result of natural disasters, to protection of American
agriculture from the ravages of plant or animal pestilence. USDA regulations
extend from farm to supermarket to ensure the safety, quality, and availability
of the Nation's food supply. Regulations also specify how USDA conducts its
business, including access to and eligibility for USDA programs. Finally,
regulations specify the responsibilities of businesses, individuals, and State
and local governments that are necessary to comply with their provisions.
I. Executive Orders 13563 and 13610

Executive Order 13563, "Improving Regulation and Regulatory Review," was issued
to ensure that Federal regulations use the best available tools to promote
innovation that will reduce costs and burden while allowing public participation
and an open exchange of ideas. These principles will enhance and strengthen
Federal regulations to allow them to achieve their regulatory objectives, most
important among them protecting public health, welfare, safety, and the
environment. In consideration of these principles, and as directed by the
Executive Order, Federal agencies and departments need to periodically review
existing regulations that may be outmoded, ineffective, insufficient, or
excessively burdensome and to modify, streamline, expand, or repeal them in
accordance with what has been learned.

In addition, Executive Order 13610, "Identifying and Reducing Regulatory
Burdens," directed Federal agencies to conduct retrospective analyses of
existing rules to examine whether they remain justified and whether they should
be modified or streamlined in light of changed circumstances, including the
availability of new technologies. Executive Order 13610 directs Federal agencies
to give priority, consistent with law, to those initiatives that will produce
significant quantifiable monetary savings or significant quantifiable reductions
in paperwork burdens while protecting public health, welfare, safety, and the
environment. For the regulatory requirements imposed on small businesses, it
directs Federal agencies to give special consideration to initiativesthat would
simplify or harmonize the regulatory requirements.

As part of this retrospective review of regulations, USDA published an RFI on
April 20, 2011 (76 FR 22058), and developed a final plan that focused on
reducing costs and reporting requirements on the public. However, the overall
intention of Executive Order 13563 was not to be a single exercise, but to
create a continuing process of scrutiny of regulatory actions. Therefore, USDA
is once again seeking public comment on how best to remove unintended regulatory
obstacles to participation in and compliance with USDA programs and ways to
improve the current regulations to help USDA agencies advance the USDA mission.
II. Request for Information

All regulatory actions by all USDA agencies are open for comment. USDA is
particularly interested in public comments that speak to areas in which we can
reduce costs and reporting burdens on the public, through technological advances
or other modernization efforts, and comments on regulatory flexibility.

USDA's initial retrospective review under Executive Order 13563 identified eight
regulations, four of which have been implemented. An additional regulation from
the Forest Service on revised National Environmental Policy Act implementing
procedures was also identified and implemented. USDA also identified paperwork
and burden reduction initiatives under Executive Order 13610. The following
table highlights USDA's key accomplishments and on-going activities pursuant to
its efforts to reduce regulatory burdens:
Agency Program or initiative Results
Food and Nutrition Service Direct Certification for School Meals In School Year
2013-14, 87 percent of all children in households participating in the
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) were directly certified for
free school meals without a paper application.In addition, more than 14,000
high-poverty schools serving over 6.4 million students now offer free breakfasts
and lunches to all of their enrolled students using third-party direct
certification information instead of paper applications. The new Community
Eligibility Provision was phased-in over a 3-year period, starting in school
year 2011-12 in school districts across the country, including Florida, Georgia,
Illinois, Kentucky, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, New York, Ohio,
Washington, DC, and West Virginia; the provision became available to eligible
schools and districts nationwide beginning July 1, 2014.Will reduce the
information collection burden by approximately 113,000 hours per year.
Forest Service National Environmental Policy Act Implementing Procedures Revised
implementing procedures and established new categorical exclusions to expedite
landscape restoration activities on National Forests, Grasslands, and
Prairies.Final rule published September 12, 2013.
Food Safety and Inspection Service Electronic Import Inspection and
Certification of Imported Products and Foreign Establishments Will reduce the
information collection burden on importers by approximately 10,000 hours.Final
rule published September 19, 2014.
Food Safety and Inspection Service Electronic Export Application and
Certification Fee Expected to reduce the information collection burden
hours.Proposed rule published January 23, 2012; Final rulemaking underway.
Food Safety and Inspection Service Prior Labeling Approval System: Generic Label
Approval Will reduce the information collection burden on industry by
approximately 34,971 hours.Final rule published November 7, 2013.
Rural Development Rural Business Service Rural Energy for America Program
Streamlined grant application process reduced the information collection burden
hours by approximately 20 to 50 percent.Final rule published December 29, 2014.
Rural Development Rural Business Service Business and Industry Loan Guarantee
Programs Will reduce the information collection burden by approximately 2,000
hours.Final rule published September 15, 2014.
Rural Development Rural Housing Service Community Facilities Loan and Grants
Will save the public approximately $4 million per year.
Farm Service Agency and Risk Management Agency Acreage Crop Reporting
Streamlining Initiative Coordinating across the two agencies to improve,
streamline, and eliminate or minimize duplicate information collection
requirements.
Farm Service Agency Streamlined Farm Loan Programs Direct Loan Making Eliminated
17,898 responses and 6,271 hours annually for information collection burden,
saving $162,607 for the respondents and $647,728 in Federal costs.
Agricultural Marketing Service Export Certificate Forms Amending regulations to
improve oversight and ensure compliance with regulations. Changes also include
removing the requirement for carriers to retain copies of inspection
certificates.Rulemaking is underway.
Agricultural Marketing Service Inspection of Eggs; Import Request for Shell Eggs
The inspection and clearance process will be reduced by approximately 48
hours.Access to the Customs and Border Protection maintained Automated Customs
Environment will allow enhanced communication of the status of the clearance
process involving the Food and Drug Administration, Food Safety and Inspection
Service, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, and Agricultural Marketing
Service.Rulemaking is underway.
Natural Resources Conservation Service Conservation Delivery Streamlining
Initiative (CDSI) CDSI Client Gateway (CG) is a secure web application that will
enable NRCS clients to perform many functions online and view their data without
having to travel to the USDA local service center. A client will be able to
request technical assistance, view their conservation plans, apply for Farm Bill
conservation program financial assistance, view their contract payments for
certified contract items (practices in Farm Bill conservation program contracts)
upload and download supporting documentation, and sign their plans, agreements,
and contracts. CG will reduce approximately 110,000 hours of travel time for
clients going to agency offices and reduce the information collection burden by
approximately 40,000 hours.
Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service Declaration Forms for Imported Plant
and Plant Products In cooperation with other Federal entities, implemented
initiatives to reduce the burden on importers and is developing an electronic
entry system and solicited public comments on regulatory options.Cost savings to
industry estimated at $1.7 million to $5.7 million for the electronic entry
system and cost savings to industry estimated at $7.2 million to $24 million for
the de minimis exemption approximately and a reduction of approximately 120,000
hours in information collection burden.Rulemaking is underway.
Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service Participation in the International
Trade Data System Amending regulations to remove any impediments to the full
implementation of participation in the International Trade Data System via the
Automated Commercial Environment.
Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service Certification, Accreditation,
Registration, Permits, and Other Licenses Creating a new electronic system to
consolidate and streamline agency certification, accreditation, registration
permit, and license processes.Expects both savings in cost and information
collection burden hours.
III. Regulatory Flexibility

In addition to looking back at current regulations, USDA is also looking forward
to how new regulations are implemented and how existing regulations can be
improved. Regulatory flexibility includes a variety of regulatory techniques
that can help avoid unnecessary costs on regulated entities and avoid negative
impacts. Regulatory flexibility techniques could include:

Pilot projects, which can be used test regulatory approaches;
    Safe harbors, which are streamlined modes of regulatory compliance and can
serve to reduce compliance costs;
    Sunset provisions, which terminate a rule after a certain date;
    Trigger provisions, which specify one or more threshold indicators that the
rule is designed to address;
    Phase-ins, which allow the rule to be phased-in for different groups at
different times;
    Streamlined requirements, which provide exemptions or other streamlined
requirements if a particular entity (for example, a small business) may
otherwise experience disproportionate burden from a rule;
    State flexibilities, which provide greater flexibility to States or other
regulatory partners, for example, giving them freedom to implement alternative
regulatory approaches; and
    Exceptions, which allow exceptions to part or all of the rule in cases where
there is a potential or suspected unintended consequence.

IV. Questions for Commenters

In providing comments, the public is encouraged to respond to the below
questions:

What regulations or reporting requirements that have become outdated and, if so,
how can they be modernized to accomplish the regulatory objectives better?
    Do agencies currently collect information that they do not need or use
effectively to achieve regulatory objectives?
    Which regulations, reporting requirements, or regulatory submission or
application processes are unnecessarily complicated or could be streamlined to
achieve regulatory objectives in ways that are more efficient?
    Which regulations, submission and application processes, or reporting
requirements have been overtaken by technological developments? Can new
technologies be used to modify, streamline, or do away with existing regulatory
or reporting requirements?
    Which regulations provide examples of how regulatory flexibility techniques
have worked well? In general, who has benefitted from the regulatory
flexibility? What types of regulatory flexibility have worked well?
    What regulations would be improved through the addition of regulatory
flexibility techniques? How would regulatory flexibility lower costs and burden?
How would regulatory flexibility improve benefits?

This is a non-exhaustive list that is meant to assist in the formulation of
comments and is not intended to limit the issues that commenters may choose to
address. We welcome comments from the public on any of USDA's regulations and
ways to improve them to help USDA agencies advance the mission of the Department
consistent with the Executive Order. USDA notes that this RFI is issued solely
for information and program-planning purposes. While responses to this RFI do
not bind USDA to any further actions related to the response, all submissions
will be made publicly available on http://www.regulations.gov.
Thomas J. Vilsack,
Secretary of Agriculture.
[FR Doc. 2015-05742 Filed 3-16-15; 08:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-90-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               18 of 75 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 19, 2015 Thursday

Identifying and Reducing Regulatory Burdens

LENGTH: 2725  words


Washington, D.C.: This Proposed Rule document was issued by the Department of
Agriculture (USDA)

Action

Request for Information (RFI).
Summary

In accordance with Executive Order 13563, "Improving Regulation and Regulatory
Review," and Executive Order 13610, "Identifying and Reducing Regulatory
Burdens," the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) continues to review its
existing regulations and information collections to evaluate the continued
effectiveness in addressing the circumstances for which the regulations were
implemented. USDA's Final Plan for Retrospective Analysis, released August 18,
2011, focused on actions needed to minimize the burdens on individuals,
businesses, and communities attempting to access programs that promote economic
growth, create jobs, and protect the health and safety of the American people.
The plan identified initiatives estimated to realize significant savings in
terms of money and burden-hours. As part of this ongoing review to maximize the
cost-effectiveness of its regulatory programs, USDA invites public comment to
assist in analyzing its existing significant regulations to determine whether
any should be modified, streamlined, expanded, or repealed. The focus of this
review is to identify areas where savings can be achieved through increased use
of advanced information technology to transition from paper submissions to
electronic submissions; streamlining or redesigning existing information
collections to both reduce the reporting burden on the public for participation
in and compliance with USDA programs; reducing duplication through increased
data sharing and harmonization for programs with similar regulatory
requirements; and providing increased regulatory flexibility to achieve desired
program outcomes and maximize cost-effectiveness.
Dates

Comments and information are requested on or before May 18, 2015.
Addresses

Interested persons are invited to submit comments regarding this notice. All
submissions must refer to "Retrospective Review" to ensure proper delivery.

Electronic Submission of Comments. Interested persons may submit comments
electronically through the Federal eRulemaking Portal:
http://www.regulations.gov. USDA strongly encourages commenters to submit
comments electronically. Electronic submission of comments allows the commenter
maximum time to prepare and submit a comment, and ensures timely receipt by
USDA. Commenters should follow the instructions provided on that site to submit
comments electronically.
    Submission of Comments by Mail, Hand delivery, or Courier. Paper, disk, or
CD-ROM submissions should be submitted to Michael Poe, Office of Budget and
Program Analysis, USDA, Jamie L. Whitten Building, Room 101-A, 1400 Independence
Ave. SW., Washington, DC 20250.

For Further Information Contact

Michael Poe, Telephone Number: (202) 720-3257.
Supplementary Information

USDA remains committed to minimizing the burdens on individuals businesses, and
communities for participation in and compliance with USDA programs that promote
economic growth, create jobs, and protect the health and safety of the American
people.

USDA programs are diverse and far reaching, as are the regulations and
legislation that implement their delivery. The regulations range from nutrition
standards for the school lunch program, natural resources and environmental
measures governing national forest usage and soil conservation, emergency
producer assistance as a result of natural disasters, to protection of American
agriculture from the ravages of plant or animal pestilence. USDA regulations
extend from farm to supermarket to ensure the safety, quality, and availability
of the Nation's food supply. Regulations also specify how USDA conducts its
business, including access to and eligibility for USDA programs. Finally,
regulations specify the responsibilities of businesses, individuals, and State
and local governments that are necessary to comply with their provisions.
I. Executive Orders 13563 and 13610

Executive Order 13563, "Improving Regulation and Regulatory Review," was issued
to ensure that Federal regulations use the best available tools to promote
innovation that will reduce costs and burden while allowing public participation
and an open exchange of ideas. These principles will enhance and strengthen
Federal regulations to allow them to achieve their regulatory objectives, most
important among them protecting public health, welfare, safety, and the
environment. In consideration of these principles, and as directed by the
Executive Order, Federal agencies and departments need to periodically review
existing regulations that may be outmoded, ineffective, insufficient, or
excessively burdensome and to modify, streamline, expand, or repeal them in
accordance with what has been learned.

In addition, Executive Order 13610, "Identifying and Reducing Regulatory
Burdens," directed Federal agencies to conduct retrospective analyses of
existing rules to examine whether they remain justified and whether they should
be modified or streamlined in light of changed circumstances, including the
availability of new technologies. Executive Order 13610 directs Federal agencies
to give priority, consistent with law, to those initiatives that will produce
significant quantifiable monetary savings or significant quantifiable reductions
in paperwork burdens while protecting public health, welfare, safety, and the
environment. For the regulatory requirements imposed on small businesses, it
directs Federal agencies to give special consideration to initiativesthat would
simplify or harmonize the regulatory requirements.

As part of this retrospective review of regulations, USDA published an RFI on
April 20, 2011 (76 FR 22058), and developed a final plan that focused on
reducing costs and reporting requirements on the public. However, the overall
intention of Executive Order 13563 was not to be a single exercise, but to
create a continuing process of scrutiny of regulatory actions. Therefore, USDA
is once again seeking public comment on how best to remove unintended regulatory
obstacles to participation in and compliance with USDA programs and ways to
improve the current regulations to help USDA agencies advance the USDA mission.
II. Request for Information

All regulatory actions by all USDA agencies are open for comment. USDA is
particularly interested in public comments that speak to areas in which we can
reduce costs and reporting burdens on the public, through technological advances
or other modernization efforts, and comments on regulatory flexibility.

USDA's initial retrospective review under Executive Order 13563 identified eight
regulations, four of which have been implemented. An additional regulation from
the Forest Service on revised National Environmental Policy Act implementing
procedures was also identified and implemented. USDA also identified paperwork
and burden reduction initiatives under Executive Order 13610. The following
table highlights USDA's key accomplishments and on-going activities pursuant to
its efforts to reduce regulatory burdens:
Agency Program or initiative Results
Food and Nutrition Service Direct Certification for School Meals In School Year
2013-14, 87 percent of all children in households participating in the
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) were directly certified for
free school meals without a paper application.In addition, more than 14,000
high-poverty schools serving over 6.4 million students now offer free breakfasts
and lunches to all of their enrolled students using third-party direct
certification information instead of paper applications. The new Community
Eligibility Provision was phased-in over a 3-year period, starting in school
year 2011-12 in school districts across the country, including Florida, Georgia,
Illinois, Kentucky, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, New York, Ohio,
Washington, DC, and West Virginia; the provision became available to eligible
schools and districts nationwide beginning July 1, 2014.Will reduce the
information collection burden by approximately 113,000 hours per year.
Forest Service National Environmental Policy Act Implementing Procedures Revised
implementing procedures and established new categorical exclusions to expedite
landscape restoration activities on National Forests, Grasslands, and
Prairies.Final rule published September 12, 2013.
Food Safety and Inspection Service Electronic Import Inspection and
Certification of Imported Products and Foreign Establishments Will reduce the
information collection burden on importers by approximately 10,000 hours.Final
rule published September 19, 2014.
Food Safety and Inspection Service Electronic Export Application and
Certification Fee Expected to reduce the information collection burden
hours.Proposed rule published January 23, 2012; Final rulemaking underway.
Food Safety and Inspection Service Prior Labeling Approval System: Generic Label
Approval Will reduce the information collection burden on industry by
approximately 34,971 hours.Final rule published November 7, 2013.
Rural Development Rural Business Service Rural Energy for America Program
Streamlined grant application process reduced the information collection burden
hours by approximately 20 to 50 percent.Final rule published December 29, 2014.
Rural Development Rural Business Service Business and Industry Loan Guarantee
Programs Will reduce the information collection burden by approximately 2,000
hours.Final rule published September 15, 2014.
Rural Development Rural Housing Service Community Facilities Loan and Grants
Will save the public approximately $4 million per year.
Farm Service Agency and Risk Management Agency Acreage Crop Reporting
Streamlining Initiative Coordinating across the two agencies to improve,
streamline, and eliminate or minimize duplicate information collection
requirements.
Farm Service Agency Streamlined Farm Loan Programs Direct Loan Making Eliminated
17,898 responses and 6,271 hours annually for information collection burden,
saving $162,607 for the respondents and $647,728 in Federal costs.
Agricultural Marketing Service Export Certificate Forms Amending regulations to
improve oversight and ensure compliance with regulations. Changes also include
removing the requirement for carriers to retain copies of inspection
certificates.Rulemaking is underway.
Agricultural Marketing Service Inspection of Eggs; Import Request for Shell Eggs
The inspection and clearance process will be reduced by approximately 48
hours.Access to the Customs and Border Protection maintained Automated Customs
Environment will allow enhanced communication of the status of the clearance
process involving the Food and Drug Administration, Food Safety and Inspection
Service, Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service, and Agricultural Marketing
Service.Rulemaking is underway.
Natural Resources Conservation Service Conservation Delivery Streamlining
Initiative (CDSI) CDSI Client Gateway (CG) is a secure web application that will
enable NRCS clients to perform many functions online and view their data without
having to travel to the USDA local service center. A client will be able to
request technical assistance, view their conservation plans, apply for Farm Bill
conservation program financial assistance, view their contract payments for
certified contract items (practices in Farm Bill conservation program contracts)
upload and download supporting documentation, and sign their plans, agreements,
and contracts. CG will reduce approximately 110,000 hours of travel time for
clients going to agency offices and reduce the information collection burden by
approximately 40,000 hours.
Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service Declaration Forms for Imported Plant
and Plant Products In cooperation with other Federal entities, implemented
initiatives to reduce the burden on importers and is developing an electronic
entry system and solicited public comments on regulatory options.Cost savings to
industry estimated at $1.7 million to $5.7 million for the electronic entry
system and cost savings to industry estimated at $7.2 million to $24 million for
the de minimis exemption approximately and a reduction of approximately 120,000
hours in information collection burden.Rulemaking is underway.
Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service Participation in the International
Trade Data System Amending regulations to remove any impediments to the full
implementation of participation in the International Trade Data System via the
Automated Commercial Environment.
Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service Certification, Accreditation,
Registration, Permits, and Other Licenses Creating a new electronic system to
consolidate and streamline agency certification, accreditation, registration
permit, and license processes.Expects both savings in cost and information
collection burden hours.
III. Regulatory Flexibility

In addition to looking back at current regulations, USDA is also looking forward
to how new regulations are implemented and how existing regulations can be
improved. Regulatory flexibility includes a variety of regulatory techniques
that can help avoid unnecessary costs on regulated entities and avoid negative
impacts. Regulatory flexibility techniques could include:

Pilot projects, which can be used test regulatory approaches;
    Safe harbors, which are streamlined modes of regulatory compliance and can
serve to reduce compliance costs;
    Sunset provisions, which terminate a rule after a certain date;
    Trigger provisions, which specify one or more threshold indicators that the
rule is designed to address;
    Phase-ins, which allow the rule to be phased-in for different groups at
different times;
    Streamlined requirements, which provide exemptions or other streamlined
requirements if a particular entity (for example, a small business) may
otherwise experience disproportionate burden from a rule;
    State flexibilities, which provide greater flexibility to States or other
regulatory partners, for example, giving them freedom to implement alternative
regulatory approaches; and
    Exceptions, which allow exceptions to part or all of the rule in cases where
there is a potential or suspected unintended consequence.

IV. Questions for Commenters

In providing comments, the public is encouraged to respond to the below
questions:

What regulations or reporting requirements that have become outdated and, if so,
how can they be modernized to accomplish the regulatory objectives better?
    Do agencies currently collect information that they do not need or use
effectively to achieve regulatory objectives?
    Which regulations, reporting requirements, or regulatory submission or
application processes are unnecessarily complicated or could be streamlined to
achieve regulatory objectives in ways that are more efficient?
    Which regulations, submission and application processes, or reporting
requirements have been overtaken by technological developments? Can new
technologies be used to modify, streamline, or do away with existing regulatory
or reporting requirements?
    Which regulations provide examples of how regulatory flexibility techniques
have worked well? In general, who has benefitted from the regulatory
flexibility? What types of regulatory flexibility have worked well?
    What regulations would be improved through the addition of regulatory
flexibility techniques? How would regulatory flexibility lower costs and burden?
How would regulatory flexibility improve benefits?

This is a non-exhaustive list that is meant to assist in the formulation of
comments and is not intended to limit the issues that commenters may choose to
address. We welcome comments from the public on any of USDA's regulations and
ways to improve them to help USDA agencies advance the mission of the Department
consistent with the Executive Order. USDA notes that this RFI is issued solely
for information and program-planning purposes. While responses to this RFI do
not bind USDA to any further actions related to the response, all submissions
will be made publicly available on http://www.regulations.gov.
Thomas J. Vilsack,
Secretary of Agriculture.
[FR Doc. 2015-05742 Filed 3-16-15; 08:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-90-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               19 of 75 DOCUMENTS



                     Monroe County Appeal (Paris, Missouri)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 17, 2013

USDA Highlights 2012 Investments to Build Stronger Rural Communities;
Investment included monies to Ralls County

BYLINE: Monroe County Appeal staff

LENGTH: 932  words


Rural Development helps to invest more than $30 billion to strengthen rural
America

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack recently issued a report highlighting USDA
Rural Development's fiscal year (FY) 2012 investments in job creation,
businesses, infrastructure and housing for Americans living in rural communities
across the nation.

"President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
in rural communities that have made them stronger," Vilsack said. "Thanks to our
loan, grant and technical assistance programs, USDA Rural Development is helping
residents and rural enterprises thrive, and we are laying a strong foundation
for rural America's future."

With an active portfolio of more than $176 billion in loans and loan guarantees,
Rural Development has provided affordable housing, improved utility
infrastructure, and helped businesses and cooperatives create jobs, build rural
economies and increase the quality of life in rural areas. For a full copy of
the 2012 Progress Report, go to http://www.rurdev.usda.
gov/SupportDocuments/RDProgressReport-2012. pdf.

Missouri Rural Development State Director Janie Dunning stated, "The amounts
listed mean a return of taxpayer dollars to the states. In Missouri,
$992,406,000 was returned in the form of grants, loans and loan guarantees. This
is money directly assisting businesses to create or retain jobs and communities
to maintain quality of life for residents and visitors"

For example, in 2012, nearly 64,000 rural residents received new or better
access to broadband Internet service. Under the Rural Utilities Program, Rural
Development provided approximately $4.7 billion in electric loans, $173 million
in telecommunications loans and grants, and $1.4 billion in water and waste
disposal loan and grants.

Through its Community Facilities loan and grant program, Rural Development
provided more than $8.6 million to construct or improve 48 rural libraries, and
provided more than $888 million in assistance for 243 projects to improve the
delivery of health care for rural Americans. All told, Rural Development
provided more than $1.5 billion in community facilities loans and grants to
develop or improve essential facilities like these in rural areas.

In addition to the efforts to support education and health care, another key
aspect of the Community Facilities program is the ability to support emergency
responders. For example, Missouri Rural Development provided $417,680 to 25
entities; ambulance districts, cities, counties and villages; to improve first
responders' and emergency early warning systems' capability. Many of these
communities had no equipment or were without adequate equipment to protect lives
and properties during hazardous situations.

Rural Development is also the lead agency ensuring that rural families have
access to safe, well-built, affordable homes. In 2012, Rural Development helped
7,940 families with low-incomes obtain safe, affordable homes, providing
approximately $900.9 million in single-family direct subsidized loans. Under the
single-family guaranteed loan program, Rural Development helped more than
145,100 moderate-income families purchase single-family homes. More than 7,000
rural individuals or families were able to repair their homes under the home
repair loan and grant program.

In 2012, USDA Rural Development assisted more than 270,000 low- and
very-low-income families, who were able to live in safe, multi-family housing
thanks to $904.7 million in rental assistance to bring their rents to an
affordable level.

Rural Development also helped approximately 1,700 families move into new
apartment units through $122.6 million for low-income rental housing
development, $104.3 million in guaranteed loans for moderate-income rental
housing development, and $5.5 million for multi-family housing for farm workers
and their families.

Through Rural Development's business and cooperative loan, grant and technical
assistance programs, the agency helped about 9,700 rural small business owners
or farmers improve their enterprises in 2012. Business and cooperative program
funding created or saved more than 53,000 rural jobs in 2012. Rural Development
provided slightly more than $1 billion in Business and Industry loan guarantees,
$25.5 million in Rural Business Enterprise grants, $50.3 million in Rural
Economic Development loans and grants, $17.5 million in Intermediary Relending
Program loans, and $40.4 million in Value Added Producer Grants in 2012.

For example, a $1,000,000 Rural Economic Development Loan and $300,000 Rural
Economic Development Grant to Missouri's Ralls County Electric Cooperative is
facilitating the construction of a Higher Education Center in Hannibal, Missouri
by Moberly Area Community College (MACC). MACC is leveraging the Rural Economic
Development funds with a Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) grant of
$1,275,240, a MACC contribution of $1,000,000, a Hannibal community contribution
of $900,918 and a Ralls County Electric Cooperative loan of $60,000.

The 16,890 square feet MACC Higher Education Center will house educational and
administrative space. Included in center will be classrooms, a library, student
lounge, faculty and staff offices and building support. The center will have the
latest in education-. al resources and technology. For additional information on
Rural Development projects, please visit Rural Development's new interactive web
map featuring program funding and success stories for the past four fiscal
years. The data can be found at: http://www.rurdev.
usda.gov/RDSuccessSto-ries.html.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MCA

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2013 Monroe County Appeal


                               20 of 75 DOCUMENTS

                                 Yorkshire Post

                                 Yorkshire Post

                                 April 16, 2002

How funding can put you in a spin

SOURCE: Yorkshire Post

BYLINE: James Graham

LENGTH: 964 words


WHEN Jim Taylor hatched a plan to stage a management buyout which would save 100
jobs, he faced the age-old problem - where to get the money.

Taylor, who had spent nearly 15 years as a director in charge of the weaving
division at Bradford textiles mill Drummond, did not want to see the division
shut down.

It had been re-equipped with about (GBP)4m of new machinery, but it did not fit
in with the strategy of Drummond's new French owners Chargeurs.

With jobs at stake he anticipated state-aid. That was not forthcoming and he
found himself a victim of the funding gap, a predicament well-known to
businessmen eager to secure enough capital to get going.

Thousands of new-starts are thwarted every year. They're caught between the
risk-averse High Street banks which are reluctant to lend the money unless it is
heavily secured and the venture capitalists unwilling to bother with small
investments of less than (GBP)500,000.

Jim Taylor's situation was slightly different. He needed a substantial sum,
(GBP)700,000 to buy the weaving business, now called Heritage Textiles, and a
further (GBP)250,000 in working capital, but he was reluctant to fall into the
arms of a venture capitalist.

What's the point in going through all the pain just to be responsible to someone
else, so we kicked the venture capitalist idea into touch, he says.

His only option was the banks. Yorkshire Bank agreed to lend (GBP)700,000, but
with tough conditions. The 54-year-old had to line up (GBP)1m key man or life
insurance together with buy-back guarantees from both Drummond and his loom
supplier Belgian-based Picanol.

The deal was in place when Drummond backed down for whatever reason says Taylor.
In a desperate attempt to keep it afloat he went to Chargeurs which agreed to
finance the deal on exactly the same terms as Yorkshire Bank.

Working capital was secured through the Department of Trade and Industry's loan
guarantee scheme, where the Government effectively secures loans from High
Street banks to small businesses.

It's a device which may save an entrepreneur the worry of putting his house on
the line, but it's no easier on the pocket than other forms of finance - Taylor
is paying back about (GBP)7,000 a month.

Few businessmen, especially those starting from scratch can take Taylor's route,
but Steven Gash, a managing partner at Bradford-based accountants Clough & Co,
which advised Taylor, believes it is a feasible option for those involved in a
buy-out.

The vendor can effectively finance the new guy with some guarantees, he becomes
a business angel to his buyer, he says.

Taylor, who completed the buy-out of Heritage early last year, has since
expanded, recently acquiring Stroud Riley International, also part of the
Drummond group which finishes, dyes and prints fabric mainly for the makers of
children's wear.

He picked it up for just (GBP)8, but under the terms of the deal is obliged to
buy nearly (GBP)120,000 worth of stock from Chargeurs within the next 12 months.

Heritage will pay this using debt finance, another technique favoured by Clough
& Co which specialises in working with firms which have fallen into the funding
gap.

Taylor is using Euro Sales Finance for his debt finance, which allows him to
access 80 per cent of the value of an invoice.

It has been a painless way of doing it, he says.

You pay above the bank rate for the facility but I only need to send an invoice
in and it stacks up against credit. I only pull down what I need to pay.

He believes it is a relatively safe way to finance expansion as long as profit
margins stay steady at about 10 per cent.

Again, this route is not available to all. For the minnows, trying to secure
anything up to (GBP)100,000 can be impossible.

Struggling against the banks' double indemnity stance, they are pointed in the
direction of business angels, seedcorn funds and Government grants.

But as Malcolm Pithers discovered, all of these routes can seem impenetrable. He
wants about (GBP)150,000 to expand his Media Network Team, which teaches
executives at large companies such as rail operator GNER and Yorkshire Water how
to handle the media. I'm in this trap between the venture capitalists and the
banks, which are about as helpful as a dead tick, he says.

It's a vicious circle, you need to be a bit bigger to get funding, but you can't
get bigger until you get the funding.

He has attracted business angels, but failed to hook any and believes his status
as a sole trader has made things more difficult.

There has to be a spread of management for them to be truly interested, says
Pithers.

Initially, the DTI's loan guarantee scheme did prove to be one source of
start-up funding, but he only managed to secure (GBP)12,000.

In his quest to grow the company, Pithers approached the South Yorkshire
Investment Fund, which is specifically designed to support firms which fall into
the funding gap, but he found it obstructive and unhelpful.

They were specifically planning unsecured equity funding which would help you
get match funding, he says.

You submit your business plan but they're always looking at the negative. They
can be very positive about being negative.

I'm sure that in the US the attitude is very different.

Tony Goulbourn, chief executive of the fund, believes this is unfair criticism.
We've been operational for three months so it's a little early to judge us by
what we've done, he says.

The fund has received more than 70 applications so we're obviously of interest
to the market and to date we've made eight offers of finance to business so
quite clearly we're not risk-averse.

We've been set up to tackle a difficult market, so it's inevitable we'll turn
down more than we've got coming in.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2002

                       Copyright 2002 Johnston Press Plc


                               21 of 75 DOCUMENTS

                  Copyright (c) 2015 Arizona Board of Regents
              Arizona Journal of International and Comparative Law

                                Symposium, 2015

              Arizona Journal of International and Comparative Law

                       32 Ariz. J. Int'l & Comp. Law 257

LENGTH: 10377 words

A CELEBRATION OF THE NOBLE PEACE PRIZE NOMINATION OF JAMES ANAYA FOR HIS WORK AS
THE UNITED NATIONS SPECIAL RAPPORTEUR ON THE RIGHTS OF INDIGENOUS PEOPLES:
REPORT OF THE SPECIAL RAPPORTEUR ON THE RIGHTS OF INDIGENOUS PEOPLES ON THE
SITUATION OF INDIGENOUS PEOPLES IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

NAME: S. James Anaya

TEXT:
 [*52]  SUMMARY

   In this report the Special Rapporteur examines the human rights situation of
indigenous peoples in the United States, on the basis of research and
information gathered, including during a visit to the country from 23 April to 4
May 2012. During his mission, the Special Rapporteur held consultations with
United States officials as well as with indigenous peoples, tribes, and nations
in Washington, D.C., Arizona, Alaska, Oregon, Washington state; South Dakota and
Oklahoma, both in Indian country and in urban areas. Appendices I and II to this
report include, respectively, summaries of information provided by the
Government and of information submitted by indigenous peoples, organizations and
individuals in connection with the mission.

   The Special Rapporteur concludes that indigenous peoples in the United States
-- including American Indian, Alaska Native and Native Hawaiian peoples --
constitute vibrant communities that have contributed greatly to the life of the
country; yet they face significant challenges that are related to widespread
historical wrongs, including broken treaties and acts of oppression, and
misguided government policies, that today manifest themselves in various
indicators of disadvantage and impediments to the exercise of their individual
and collective rights.

   Significant federal legislation and programmes that have been developed over
the last few decades, in contrast to early exercises of federal power based on
misguided policies, constitute good practices that in significant measure
respond to indigenous peoples' concerns. Especially to be commended are the many
new initiatives taken by the executive to advance the rights of indigenous
peoples in the last few years.

   The Special Rapporteur finds, however, that existing federal programmes need
to be improved upon and their execution made more effective. Moreover, new
measures are needed to advance toward reconciliation with indigenous peoples and
address persistent deep-seated problems related to historical wrongs, failed
policies of the past and continuing systemic barriers to the full realization of
indigenous peoples' rights.

   The United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples is an
important impetus and guide for improving upon existing measures to address the
concerns of indigenous peoples in the United States, and for developing new
measures to advance toward reconciliation. The Declaration, which is grounded in
widespread consensus and fundamental human rights values, should be a benchmark
for all relevant decision-making by the federal executive, Congress, and the
judiciary, as well as by the states of the United States. The Special Rapporteur
makes a series of recommendations in this regard.

   The Special Rapporteur would like to thank the United States Government,
especially the Department of State, for the cooperation it provided for the
mission. He would also like to express his deep gratitude to representatives of
indigenous peoples, nongovernmental organizations and academic institutions --
named in appendix II-- whose assistance in planning and carrying out of this
visit was  [*53]  indispensible. The Special Rapporteur is grateful to the
indigenous peoples that welcomed him into their communities and for the
hospitality he received. Finally, the Special Rapporteur is grateful to the
Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights and the Support Project for the
Special Rapporteur on Indigenous Peoples at the University of Arizona for their
assistance in carrying out the mission and preparing this report.

I. THE INDIGENOUS PEOPLES OF THE UNITED STATES

   1. The indigenous peoples of the United States include a vast array of
distinct groups that fall under the generally accepted designation of Native
Americans, which include American Indians and Alaska Natives; also included are
the people indigenous to Hawaii, or Native Hawaiians. These indigenous peoples
form tribes or nations -- terms used interchangeably in this report -- and other
communities with distinctive cultural and political attributes.

A. The diverse indigenous nations, tribes and communities

   2. Broadly speaking, Native Americans living in the contiguous United States
constitute tribes or nations with diverse cultural and ethnic characteristics
that can be grouped geographically. Linguistic families and other cultural
markers, however, cross rough geographic categories, and within these categories
differences abound. For historical and other reasons, Alaska Natives and Native
Hawaiians are considered distinct from Native Americans in the contiguous United
States.

   3. The United States presently recognizes and maintains what it refers to as
govemment-to-government relations with approximately 566 American Indian and
Alaska Native tribes and villages, around 230 of these being Alaskan Native
groups. For the most part each of these tribes and villages determines its own
membership. While having some form of federal recognition, Native Hawaiians do
not have a similar status under United States law as that of American Indians
and Alaska Native groups. Many other groups in the United States that identify
as indigenous peoples have not been federally recognized, although some of these
have achieved recognition at the state level.

   4. It is estimated that prior to colonization, the indigenous population
within the territory that now constitutes the United States numbered several
million, and represented diverse cultures and societies speaking hundreds of
languages and dialects. After the arrival of Europeans, the indigenous
population suffered significant decline due to the effects of disease, war,
enslavement and forced relocations.

   5. Today, according to United States census data people who identify as
Native American represent approximately 1.7 per cent of the overall population
of the United States, with 5.2 million persons identifying as American Indian or
[*54]  Alaska Native, either alone or in combination with one or more other
races.  n1 It should be noted that this number significantly exceeds the number
of those who are enrolled or registered members of federally recognized
indigenous groups. In addition, there are roughly a half a million persons that
identify entirely or partly as Native Hawaiians.

   6. Characteristically, the federally recognized tribes have reservations or
other lands that have been left to or set aside for them, and over which they
exercise powers of self-government. While the land holdings vary significantly
among the tribes, in all cases they pale in comparison to the land areas once
under their possession or control. Still, the diminished landholdings provide
some physical space and material bases for the tribes to maintain their cultures
and political institutions, and to develop economically.

   7. While many indigenous persons live on reservations or other
Native-controlled land areas, many others live in urban areas beyond the
boundaries of indigenous lands. It is quite common, however, for indigenous
persons living in urban areas to maintain close ties to the land-based
communities of the tribes with which they are affiliated, and to develop bonds
of community with other indigenous persons in their urban settings.

   8. Several indigenous peoples live in border areas and face unique
challenges, especially tribes living along the United States-Mexico border,
where heightened border security measures implemented by the federal Government
in recent years have increasingly made cross-border contact between members of
the same tribes very difficult.

B. The contributions of indigenous peoples to the broader society, despite
negative stereotypes

   9. Within the United States stereotypes persist that tend to render Native
Americans relics of the past, perpetuated by the use of Indian names by
professional and other high-profile sports teams, caricatures in the popular
media and even mainstream education on history and social studies. Throughout
his mission, the Special Rapporteur heard complaints from indigenous
representatives about such stereotypes, and about how they obscure understanding
of the reality of Native Americans today and instead help to keep alive racially
discriminatory attitudes.

   10. Beyond the stereotypes, one readily sees vibrant indigenous communities,
both in reservation and other areas, including urban areas, which have
contributed to the building of the country and continue to contribute to the
broader society. Of course their greatest contribution is in the vast expanses
of land that they gave up, through treaty cessions and otherwise, without which
the  [*55]  United States and its economic base would not exist. Native
Americans have also added to the defence and security of the United States and
are represented among the ranks of the United States military services at a rate
higher than that of any other ethnic group.

   11. Today, indigenous peoples in the United States face multiple
disadvantages, which are related to the long history of wrongs and misguided
policies that have been inflicted upon them. Nonetheless, American Indians,
Alaska Natives and Native Hawaiians have survived as peoples, striving to
develop with their distinct identities intact, and to maintain and transmit to
future generations their material and cultural heritage. While doing so, they
add a cultural depth and grounding that, even while often going unnoticed by the
majority society, is an important part of the country's collective heritage.
Further, the knowledge that they retain about the country's landscapes and the
natural resources on them, along with their ethic of stewardship of the land,
are invaluable assets to the country, even if not fully appreciated.

II. UNITED STATES LAW AND POLICY REGARDING INDIGENOUS PEOPLES

   12. Laws and policies related to indigenous peoples have developed over
centuries since the colonial era, and today they comprise a complex array of
decisions by the United States Congress, the executive branch of the federal
Government and the federal courts, in particular the United States Supreme
Court.

A. The basic framework

   13. The Constitution of the United States (1787) makes little reference to
indigenous peoples, the principal mention being in its article I, section 8,
which provides Congress the power to "regulate commerce with ...with the Indian
Tribes." This provision signals that, within the federal structure of government
of the United States, competency over matters relating to indigenous peoples
rests at the federal, as opposed to state, level.

   14. Looking beyond the constitutional text to historical practice, the
colonial era law of nations and reason, the United States Supreme Court
established, in a series of early 19th century cases, foundational principles
about the rights and status of Indian tribes that largely endure today. Supreme
Court doctrine recognizes that Indian tribes are inherently sovereign with
powers of self-government; indeed they are "nations" with original rights over
their ancestral lands. Within this same body of doctrine, however, the
sovereignty and original land rights of tribes are deemed necessarily diminished
and subordinated to the power of United States, as a result of discovery or
conquest by the European colonial powers or the successor United States.

    [*56]  15. The federal power to regulate commerce with the Indian tribes is
thereby enlarged to one that is deemed plenary in nature and that can be used to
unilaterally modify or extinguish tribal sovereignty or land rights. This power
is also related to and justified by a duty of protection the federal Government
is deemed to have over Indian tribes, in a so-called trusteeship. In all, tribes
are sovereign nations with certain inherent powers of self-government and
original rights, but they are rendered, in words penned by the famous Supreme
Court Justice John Marshall, "domestic dependent nations," subject to the
overriding power of the federal Government.

   16. While acknowledging positive characteristics of the rights-affirming
strain of this judicial doctrine, the Special Rapporteur notes that the
rights-limiting strain of this doctrine is out of step with contemporary human
rights values. As demonstrated by a significant body of scholarly work, the use
of notions of discovery and conquest to find Indians rights diminished and
subordinated to plenary congressional power is linked to colonial era attitudes
toward indigenous peoples that can only be described as racist. Early Supreme
Court decisions themselves reveal perceptions of Indians as backward, conquered
peoples, with descriptions of them as savages and an inferior race.

   17. At times, however, the Supreme Court and lower courts have been
protective of indigenous peoples' rights by affirming original Indian rights to
the extent consistent with operative doctrine, or more often by enforcing treaty
terms, legislation, or executive decisions that are themselves protective of
indigenous rights.

B. The evolution of federal policy and legislation

   18. Federal legislative and executive action, in the exercise of the broad
authority over indigenous affairs affirmed by the Supreme Court, has evolved
over time along with shifting policy objectives shaped by historical
circumstances and prevailing attitudes of the time.

   19. After achieving its independence, the United States continued the
practice that had been established by Great Britain and other colonial powers of
treaty-making with Indian tribes. These treaties were means both by which the
United States or its colonial precursors acquired land from Indian tribes, as
well as means by which the tribes retained rights over lands and resources not
ceded. The treaties, moreover, dealt with diverse issues and provided a
foundation for the United States' relations with tribes on the basis of their
recognition as nations with inherent sovereignty.

   20. Although the United States ceased dealing with Indian tribes through
treaties in 1871, after having consolidated its control over the territory it
had acquired across the continent, many of the historical treaties with tribes
continue in force as part of federal law and to define United States-tribal
relations. At the same time, numerous flagrant violations of historical treaties
constitute some of the principal wrongdoings committed by the United States
towards indigenous  [*57]  peoples, which was a recurring subject of concern
raised to the Special Rapporteur during his visit.

   21. Subsequent to the end of the treaty-making era, United States law and
policy was characterized by a series of steps aimed at acculturating indigenous
peoples in the ways of the dominant society and diluting or eliminating their
sovereignty and collective rights over lands and resources. In the late
nineteenth century, a vast government bureaucracy emerged under a United States
Commissioner of Indian Affairs to consolidate and manage the system of
reservations, pueblos, rancherias and settlements that were home to the
surviving indigenous peoples in the country.

   22. Under the Dawes General Allotment Act of 1887, tribal landholdings were
broken up into individual plots that could become alienable, which eventually
resulted in a substantial further loss of Indian land and a complex system of
interspersed Indian and non-Indian titled land that now characterizes tenure
within many reservations. The Dawes Act resulted in even greater impoverishment
and social upheaval among the tribes, and thus, after conferring United States
citizenship on all Indians in 1924, Congress passed the Indian Reorganization
Act of 1934 as a major reform measure.

   23. The Indian Reorganization Act included provisions to secure the Indian
land base from further erosion and provided for establishing reservation-based
governments akin to local municipalities under the authority of the Secretary of
Interior of the federal Government, on the basis of model constitutions that
were developed by the Secretary. While providing a degree of self-government,
the Act was considered a transitional measure to prepare the Indians for, in the
words of its chief architect, United States Indian Commissioner John Collier,
"real assimilation."  n2 Many Indian tribes today continue under the IRA regime.

   24. In the 1950s the United States Government attempted to complete its
programme of assimilation with Congress's adoption of a formal policy of
"termination,"  n3 which involved steps to end the special status of Indian
tribes and convert their lands to private ownership. The termination policy was
eventually abandoned, but not before several tribes lost federal recognition and
their self-governing status, and saw their landholdings dissipate, with
invariably devastating social and economic consequences that are still apparent
today.

C. The contemporary federal legislative and policy regime

   25. In the face of past federal programmes of assimilation and acculturation,
Native Americans continued to make clear their determination, as they still do,
to hold on to and recover their own distinctive cultures and institutions of
self-government  [*58]  as a basis for their development and place in the world.
With this resolve eventually came a change in federal policy, as it moved to
reflect, if not entirely accommodate, indigenous peoples' own aspirations. In
1970, the President of the United States advanced this change in a message to
Congress, in which he affirmed, "The time has come to break decisively with the
past and to create the conditions for a new era in which the Indian future is
determined by Indian Acts and Indian decisions."  n4

   26. The contemporary thrust of federal policy is marked by several pieces of
major legislation, including the Indian Self-Determination and Education
Assistance Act of 1975, by which tribes are able to assume the planning and
administration of federal programmes that are devised for their benefit; the
Indian Child Welfare Act of 1978, which favours indigenous custody of indigenous
children; the American Indian Religious Freedom Act of 1978, which directs
federal officials to consult with tribes about actions that may affect religious
practices; the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act of 1990,
which directs federal agencies and museums to return indigenous remains and
sacred objects to appropriate indigenous groups; and the Native American
Languages Act of 1990, which provides support for the use and recovery of
indigenous languages through educational programmes. A number of other laws
provide protections for indigenous religion and culture, and still others
address Indian economic and natural resource development, education and civil
rights.

   27. In alignment with the existing federal legislation, there are dozens of
executive directives and programmes that apply specifically to indigenous
peoples, many of which are listed in appendix I, and that reflect a significant
level of dedication on the part of the Government to indigenous concerns within
the self-determination policy framework.

   28. Several agencies throughout the Government are dedicated specifically to
indigenous affairs, the principal one being the Department of Interior, which
includes the Bureau of Indian Affairs. Under federal law, pursuant to its
historical protectorate, or trusteeship, the United States holds in trust the
underlying title to the Indian lands within reservations and other lands set
aside by statute or treaty for the tribes. The Department is responsible for
overseeing some 55 million surface acres and the subsurface mineral resources in
some 57 million acres.

   29. There are numerous other indigenous-specific agencies and programmes in
various parts of the Government. Notably, and especially in recent years, the
Government has made an important, increased effort to appoint indigenous
individuals to high-level government positions dealing with indigenous affairs,
including the position of Assistant Secretary for Indian Affairs, which heads
the Bureau of Indian Affairs. Also significantly, in 2009, the position of
Senior Policy Advisor for Native American Affairs was created to advise the
President on issues related to indigenous peoples.

 [*59]  III. THE DISADVANTAGED CONDITIONS OF INDIGENOUS PEOPLES: THE PRESENT DAY
LEGACIES OF HISTORICAL WRONGS

   30. United States laws and policies in the last few decades undoubtedly have
contributed to halting the erosion of indigenous identities, and have weighed in
favour of placing indigenous peoples on a path toward greater
self-determination, as well as economic and social health. Nonetheless, the
conditions of disadvantage persist with the continuing effects of a long history
of wrongs and past, misguided policies.

A. Economic and social conditions

   31. At the close of the Special Rapporteur's mission to the United States, he
received a manila envelope stuffed with letters written by students from a class
at White River High School in South Dakota, a school where a majority of the
students are from the nearby reservation of the Rosebud Sioux Tribe. In a cover
letter the class's teacher explained that the students "would like to feel they
have a voice as it is so desolate here that it is sometimes hard to remember
there is an outside world. Despite all the hardships here, these kids are so
incredibly resilient and talented."

   32. The teacher's words were a poignant introduction to the first letter in
the stack, which was from a 15-year-old girl who lamented:

        Life here is very hand to mouth. Out here, we don't have the finer
     things. You get what you get and you don't throw a fit. And I'm going
     to be honest with you, sometimes I don't eat. I've never told anyone
     this before, not even my mom, but I don't eat sometimes because I feel
     bad about making my mom buy food that I know is expensive. And you
     know what? Life is hard enough for my mom, so I will probably never
     tell her. My parents have enough to worry about. I do not know what
     you can do, but try your very best to help us. Please help us. We can
     do this. Yes we can!

   33. The evident hardship combined with resilience was reflected in the other
letters, giving a highly personalized gloss on the conditions of disadvantage
faced by indigenous peoples in the United States. These conditions vary widely
among the diverse indigenous tribes, nations and communities. United States
census data and other available statistics, however, show Native Americans to
fare much worse along social and economic indicators than any other ethnic group
in the country.

    [*60]  34. For example, Native Americans, especially on reservations, have
disproportionately high poverty rates, rising to nearly double the national
average.  n5 Along with poverty, Native Americans suffer poor health conditions,
with low life expectancy and high rates of disease, illness, alcoholism and
suicide.  n6 As for education, 77 per cent of Native Americans aged 25 or older
hold a high school diploma or alternative credential as compared with 86 per
cent of the general population, while 13 per cent of Native Americans hold a
basic university degree as compared to 28 per cent of the general population.
n7 Indigenous peoples also face disproportionate rates of incarceration, and
rates of violent crime on Indian reservations exceed those of any other racial
group and are double the national average.  n8

   35. The image now often popularized of Native Americans flush with cash from
casinos is far from the norm. A number of tribes do have casino operations as
part of economic development efforts, taking advantage of special exemptions
from ordinary state regulation and taxation that are available to them under
federal law. Most tribes, however, do not have casinos and, of those that do,
only a handful have reaped substantial riches sufficient to significantly reduce
poverty levels.

B. Violence against women

   36. The continuing vulnerabilities of indigenous communities are highlighted
by alarmingly high rates of violence against indigenous women, a grave and
persistent problem that has been well documented.  n9 The United States
Department of Justice estimates that indigenous women are more than twice as
likely as all other women to be victims of violence  n10 and that one in three
of them will be  [*61]  raped during her lifetime.  n11 Estimates are that
nearly 80 per cent of the rapes of indigenous women are by non-indigenous men,
many of who have made their way into indigenous communities but who are not
presently subject to indigenous prosecutorial authority because of their
non-indigenous status. Congress has yet to pass key reforms in the Violence
Against Women Act that would bolster tribes' ability to prosecute these cases.
In order to get away from violent situations, many victims are forced to leave
their homes and communities, which is particularly troubling in the context of
indigenous peoples. As one Tinglit woman expressed, "when I left, I didn't just
leave my family. I left my culture behind... I ran away from my traditions, from
my songs, my dances, and my heritage."

C. Lands, resources and broken treaties

   37. The conditions of disadvantage of indigenous peoples undoubtedly are not
mere happenstance. Rather, they stem from the well-documented history of the
taking of vast expanses of indigenous lands with abundant resources, along with
active suppression of indigenous peoples' culture and political institutions,
entrenched patterns of discrimination against them and outright brutality, all
of which figured in the history of the settlement of the country and the
building of its economy.

   38. Many Indian nations conveyed land to the United States or its colonial
predecessors by treaty, but almost invariably under coercion following warfare
or threat thereof, and in exchange usually for little more than promises of
government assistance and protection that usually proved illusory or worse. In
other cases, lands were simply taken by force or fraud. In many instances treaty
provisions that guaranteed reserved rights to tribes over lands or resources
were broken by the United States, under pressure to acquire land for
non-indigenous interests. It is a testament to the goodwill of Indian nations
that they have uniformly insisted on observance of the treaties, even regarding
them as sacred compacts, rather than challenge their terms as inequitable.

   39. In nearly all cases the loss of land meant the substantial or complete
undermining of indigenous peoples' own economic foundations and means of
subsistence, as well as cultural loss, given the centrality of land to cultural
and related social patterns. Especially devastating instances of such loss
involve the forced removal of indigenous peoples from their ancestral
territories, as happened for example, with the Choctaw, Cherokee and other
indigenous people who were removed from their homes in the south-eastern United
States to the Oklahoma territory in a trek through what has been called a "trail
of tears," in which many of them perished.

    [*62]  40. Another emblematic case involves the Black Hills in South Dakota,
part of the ancestral territory of the Lakota people that, under the Treaty of
Fort Laramie of 1868, was reserved to the Lakota and other tribes known
collectively as the Sioux Nation. Following the discovery of gold in the area,
in 1877 Congress passed an act reversing its promise under the treaty and
vesting ownership of the Black Hills to the Government. The Lakota and other
Sioux tribes have refused to accept payment required in accordance with a 1980
Supreme Court decision and continue to request the return of the Black Hills;
this is despite the fact that the people of these tribes are now scattered on
several reservations and are some of the poorest among any group in the country.
Today, the Black Hills are national forest and park lands, although they still
hold a central place in the history, culture, and worldviews of surrounding
tribes and at the same time serve as a constant visible reminder of their loss.

   41. In addition to millions of acres of lands lost, often in violation of
treaties, a history of inadequately controlled extractive and other activities
within or near remaining indigenous lands, including nuclear weapons testing and
uranium mining in the western United States, has resulted in widespread
environmental harm, and has caused serious and continued health problems among
Native Americans. During his visit, the Special Rapporteur also heard concerns
about several currently proposed projects that could potentially cause
environmental harm to indigenous habitats, including the Keystone XL pipeline
and the Pebble Mine project in Alaska's Bristol Bay watershed. By all accounts
the Pebble Mine would seriously threaten the sockeye salmon fisheries in the
area if developed according to current plans.

   42. In many places, including in Alaska and the Pacific Northwest in
particular, indigenous peoples continue to depend upon hunting and fishing, and
the maintenance of these subsistence activities is essential for both their
physical and their cultural survival, especially in isolated areas. However,
indigenous peoples face ever-greater threats to their subsistence activities due
to a growing surge of competing activities, restrictive state and federal
regulatory regimes, and environmental harm.

D. Sacred places

   43. With their loss of land, indigenous peoples have lost control over places
of cultural and religious significance. Particular sites and geographic spaces
that are sacred to indigenous peoples can be found throughout the vast expanse
of lands that have passed into government hands. The ability of indigenous
peoples to use and access their sacred places is often curtailed by mining,
logging, hydroelectric and other development projects, which are carried out
under permits issued by federal or state authorities. In many cases, the very
presence of these activities represents a desecration.

   44. A case that has been reviewed in detail by the Special Rapporteur
involves the San Francisco Peaks in Northern Arizona, an area sacred to the
[*63]  Navajo, Hopi and other indigenous peoples, where under a federal permit
the Snowbowl ski resort plans to make artificial snow using recycled sewage
effluent.  n12 Numerous other examples brought to the attention of the Special
Rapporteur can be found in appendix II. The desecration and lack of access to
sacred places inflicts permanent harm on indigenous peoples for whom these
places are essential parts of identity.

E. The removal of children from indigenous environments

   45. Historically, added to the taking of indigenous lands was the direct
assault on indigenous cultural expression that was carried out or facilitated by
the federal and state governments. Likely the programme of this type with the
most devastating consequences, which are still felt today, was the systematic
removal of indigenous children from their families to place them in government
or church-run boarding schools, with the objective of expunging them of their
indigenous identities. Captain Richard Pratt, founder of the Carlisle Indian
school, coined the phrase, "kill the Indian in him, save the man," in
instituting the boarding school policy in the 1880s which continued well into
the mid 1900s.

   46. Emotional, physical, and sexual abuse within the boarding schools has
been well-documented. Typically, upon entering a boarding school, indigenous
children had their hair cut, were forced to wear uniforms and were punished for
speaking their languages or practising their traditions. The compounded effect
of generations of indigenous people, including generations still living, having
passed through these schools cuts deep in indigenous communities throughout the
United States, where social problems such as alcoholism and sexual abuse are now
pervasive and loss of language is widespread.

   47. Additionally, a pattern of placing indigenous children in non-indigenous
care under state custody proceedings, with similar effects on indigenous
individuals and communities, continued until well into the 1970s, only to be
blunted by passage of the Indian Child Welfare Act in 1978, federal legislation
that advances a strong presumption of indigenous custody for indigenous children
but that continues to face barriers to its implementation.

F. Open wounds of historical events

   48. The open wounds left by historical events are plentiful, alive in
intergenerational memory if not experience. The Special Rapporteur heard
emotional testimony from a direct descendant of victims of one of the most
well-known atrocities committed against Native Americans, the massacre at Sand
Creek in 1864. Scores of Cheyenne and Arapaho were attacked by surprise and
[*64]  massacred by some 700 armed United States troops. Previously, the tribes
had signed a treaty with the United States, under which they willingly gave up
their arms and flew a flag of truce at the Sand Creek camp. No action was ever
taken against those responsible for the massacre and, despite the promises made
in a later treaty of reparations for the descendants of the victims at Sand
Creek, none has yet been made.

   49. A more recent incident that continues to spark feelings of injustice
among indigenous peoples around the United States is the well-known case of
Leonard Peltier, an activist and leader in the American Indian Movement, who was
convicted in 1977 following the deaths of two Federal Bureau of Investigation
agents during a clash on the Pine Ridge Reservation in South Dakota. After a
trial that has been criticized by many as involving numerous due process
problems, Mr. Peltier was sentenced to two life sentences for murder, and has
been denied parole on various occasions. Pleas for presidential consideration of
clemency by notable individuals and institutions have not borne fruit. This
further depletes the already diminished faith in the criminal justice system
felt by many indigenous peoples throughout the country.

G. Self-government

   50. Many indigenous representatives in all the locations visited by the
Special Rapporteur stressed the importance to the health and well-being of their
peoples of securing and recovering the various expressions and practices of
their cultures, including indigenous languages, and of being able to transmit
their cultures and identities to future generations, along with securing ties to
land and natural resources and enhancing self-government capacity.

   51. As noted in paragraphs 25-29 and in appendix I, several government
programmes are in place to address the concerns of indigenous peoples and to
provide them substantial assistance. Indigenous leaders stressed to the Special
Rapporteur, however, that the solution lies fundamentally in further
strengthening indigenous peoples' ability to develop and implement their own
programmes for economic development and job creation, education, preservation
and development of cultural expressions and knowledge, and public order,
including the protection of indigenous women and children.

   52. Yet, the government policy of indigenous self-determination in place for
several decades has not abated problematic restrictions that have been imposed
on indigenous peoples' self-government. As a general matter, the sovereignty of
federally-recognized Indian tribes, as far as it goes, displaces the authority
of the states over so-called Indian country, that is, reservation and other
lands under Indian control. But United States courts have continued to see the
inherent sovereignty of tribes, and hence their self-govemance authority, as an
implicitly diminished sovereignty, and this view has served to limit the powers
of tribal regulatory and judicial authorities especially in relation to
non-indigenous persons. Additionally, tribal sovereignty may succumb to
substantial state  [*65]  sovereignty interests,  n13 and the Supreme Court has
restrictively interpreted the Indian Reorganization Act to prevent many tribes
from extending their sovereignty over recovered or newly acquired lands.  n14

   53. Judicially-established limitations on tribal sovereignty are in addition
to those imposed by Congress, especially under acts devised under the earlier
eras of assimilation. These include the Major Crimes Act of 1885, which
established paramount federal jurisdiction over certain crimes committed in
Indian country, whether by an indigenous or non-indigenous person; and Public
Law 280 of 1953, which extended state criminal and civil jurisdiction to Indian
country in specified states.

   54. Especially in light of inadequate state and federal law enforcement on
reservations, these jurisdictional limits imposed on indigenous tribes result in
situations in which, as one tribal judge lamented, "we can't police and punish
people who come into the community and cause harm to that community and its
people." The Special Rapporteur also heard numerous frustrations based on
concerns that jurisdictional limitations send the constant message to tribes
that their institutions are incompetent and inferior, no matter how capable they
have demonstrated themselves to be. Further impeding self-governance capacity
are financial constraints.

   55. It is important to note, however, that despite these impediments, many
tribal governments and justice systems are gaining strength, and the Special
Rapporteur was impressed by the determination of tribes to continue build their
governance institutions. During the Special Rapporteur's consultation in
Oklahoma, the Principal Chief of the Cherokee Nation put it this way: "As the
Principal Chief of the largest Indian Tribe in the United States, my vision for
our people is one of becoming great."

H. Recognition

   56. In order for its powers of sovereignty, or self-government, to be
recognized and officially functional within the United States legal system, or
to be eligible for assistance designated for Indian tribes, an indigenous group
must have specific recognition by the federal Government. A number of indigenous
peoples, for reasons related to the same cluster of historical events that have
broadly affected indigenous peoples in the country, lack such federal
recognition and hence are especially disadvantaged. Several of these are tribes
that were stripped of their federal status as a result of the termination
policies of the 1950s.

   57. Unrecognized indigenous groups have been striving to achieve federal
recognition for decades, principally through an administrative process provided
for this purpose by the Department of the Interior. Concerns regarding the cost
[*66]  and the length of the federal recognition process, and the challenges
faced by lack of recognition, were repeatedly brought to the attention of the
Special Rapporteur. Indigenous groups have invested millions of dollars and
filed thousands of documents in support of their claims. Figures about the pace
of the recognition process yield differing perspectives. Nonetheless, as
described by one Senator "it is not a system that is working under any stretch
of the imagination."

I. Alaska

   58. Indigenous peoples in Alaska have federal recognition within a unique
legal regime that developed under a specific set of circumstances. In 1971
Congress enacted the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (ANCSA), which
extinguished "all claims of aboriginal title," as well as "any aboriginal
hunting and fishing rights that may exist," throughout Alaska. The act set up a
system of native-run corporations with assets provided under the settlement, and
Alaska Natives born as of the date of the act were given shares in the
corporations.

   59. With its design of replacing rights in land and resources with individual
shares in corporations, ANCSA can be seen as being driven by the policy of
assimilation that had long been in place and that presumably was coming to an
end around the time of the act's adoption (see paras. 21-24 above). Yet ANCSA
continues to define realities for indigenous peoples in Alaska, leaving in its
aftermath precarious conditions for indigenous peoples in their ability to
maintain the subsistence and cultural patterns that have long sustained them
amid abundant fish and wildlife resources, or to craft their own vehicles of
self-determination.

   60. Subsequent federal legislation has done little to restore Alaska Native
hunting and fishing rights, but instead has left indigenous hunting and fishing
subject to the same regulatory regime that applies to non-indigenous activities.
And this regulatory regime is a highly complex, difficult one to navigate, in
which both the federal Government and the state play a part, with the state in
effect having a dominant role. The matter of subsistence hunting and fishing
remains crucial both for cultural purposes and for food security. However,
subsistence activities are subject to a state regulatory regime that allows for,
and appears to often favour, competing land and resource uses such as mining and
other activities, including hunting and fishing for sport, that may threaten
natural environments and food sources.

   61. Representatives of Alaska Native tribal governments, villages,
corporations and organizations with whom the Special Rapporteur met coincided in
the view that ANCSA was faulty in its inception. There were divergent views,
however, about the extent to which the corporations can and are being responsive
to the needs and aspirations of Alaska Natives, within the limitations of the
corporate model. The Special Rapporteur did find indications that in many
respects the native-run corporations are functioning to provide important
economic and other benefits to Alaska Natives.

    [*67]  62. At the same time, the Special Rapporteur was struck by
indications about how the economic and cultural transformations accelerated by
ANCSA have bred or exacerbated social ills among indigenous communities,
manifesting themselves, for example, in high rates of suicide, alcoholism, and
violence.

   63. Several Alaska Native representatives expressed to the Special Rapporteur
the view that the problem runs deeper than ANCSA, to the incorporation of Alaska
into the United States as a federal state through procedures that allegedly were
not in compliance with the right of the indigenous people of Alaska to
self-determination.

J. Hawaii

   64. Also uniquely vulnerable are the indigenous people of Hawaii, having
experienced a particular history of colonial onslaught and resulting economic,
social and cultural upheaval. They benefit from some federal programmes
available to Native Americans, but they have no recognized powers of
self-government under federal law. And they have little by way of effective
landholdings, their lands largely having passed to non-indigenous ownership and
control with the aggressive patterns of colonization initiated with the arrival
of the British explorer James Cook in 1778. Indigenous Hawaiians have diffuse
interests in lands "ceded" to the United States and then passed to the state of
Hawaii, under a trust that is specified in the 1959 Statehood Admission Act and
now managed by the Office of Hawaiian Affairs.

   65. Remarkably, the United States Congress in 1993 issued an apology "to
Native Hawaiians on behalf of the people of the United States for the overthrow
of the Kingdom of Hawaii on January 17, 1893 with the participation of agents
and citizens of the United States."  n15 The apology recognized that the
overthrow resulted in the suppression of the "inherent sovereignty of the Native
Hawaiian people" and called for "reconciliation" efforts.

   66. The call for reconciliation, however, remains unfilled, while a growing
movement of indigenous Hawaiians challenges the legitimacy and legality of the
annexation of Hawaii following the overthrow, as well as the process by which
Hawaii moved from its designation as a non-self-governing territory under United
Nations supervision, to being incorporated into the United States as one of its
federal states in 1959. In the meantime, indigenous Hawaiians see their sacred
places under the domination of others, and they continue to fare worse than any
other demographic group in Hawaii in terms of education, health, crime, and
employment.

    [*68]  IV. MORE NEEDS TO BE DONE

A. Welcomed, but still not sufficient, government initiatives

   67. The Special Rapporteur acknowledges the high level of attention to
indigenous peoples' concerns that is represented by numerous acts of Congress
and federal executive programmes (see paras. 25-29 above and appendix I). Such
attention represents some acknowledgment of the historical debt acquired toward
the country's first peoples, and partially fulfils historical treaty
commitments.

   68. It is evident that the federal executive has taken steps in recent years
to strengthen these programmes, in addition to its new initiatives to develop
consultation policies and open spaces of dialogue with tribes; to strengthen
support for the recovery of indigenous languages; to settle outstanding claims
for mismanagement indigenous assets held in trust by the Government; to increase
funding for federal programmes; to address the problem of violence against
indigenous women; to clean up environmental pollution caused by natural resource
extraction; to assist tribes with acquiring land to restore their land bases;
and to enhance tribal capacity and cooperative arrangements in the area of law
and order, among others.

   69. The Special Rapporteur notes however, concerns that were raised with him
about the adequacy of effective implementation of the highly developed body of
law and government programmes concerning indigenous peoples. While welcoming
improved consultation procedures, for example, a number of indigenous leaders
complained that they have yet to see significant change in the decision-making
of government agents about matters of crucial concern to their peoples, in
particular decisions about lands that are outside of indigenous-controlled areas
but that nonetheless affect their access to natural or cultural resources or
environmental well-being.

   70. The Special Rapporteur also repeatedly heard concerns about a lack of
sufficient funding for housing, health, education, environmental remediation,
women's health and safety, language and other programmes, concerns that were
raised by both federal officials and representatives of indigenous peoples. Also
pointed out were complicated or confusing bureaucratic procedures, and an
inadequate understanding and awareness among government officials about tribal
realities or even about the content of relevant laws and policies themselves.

   71. The Special Rapporteur observes, nonetheless, that the overall thrust of
the policy underlying the federal legislation and programmes adopted in the last
few decades - a policy of advancing indigenous self-determination and
development with respect for cultural identity - is generally in line with the
aspirations expressed by indigenous peoples. The problems signalled are that the
laws and programmes do not go far enough to meet those aspirations and that they
are underfunded or inadequately administered. The Special Rapporteur takes
special note, moreover, that they fail to go so far as to ultimately resolve
persistent, deep-seated problems.

 [*69]  B. The need for determined action within a programme of reconciliation

   72. It is evident that numerous matters relating to the history of misdealing
and harm inflicted on indigenous peoples are still unresolved. In all his
consultations with indigenous peoples during his visit to the United States, it
was impressed upon the Special Rapporteur that historical wrongs continue to
live in intergenerational memory and trauma, and that, together with current
systemic problems, they still inflict harm. Across the United States, he heard
of specific unresolved problems of historical origins and systemic dimensions,
and indigenous representatives made abundantly clear that these problems
continue to breed disharmony, dislocation and hardship.

   73. The Special Rapporteur is of the firm view that, unless genuine movement
is made toward resolving these pending matters, the place of indigenous peoples
within the United States will continue to be an unstable, disadvantaged and
inequitable one, and the country's moral standing will suffer. Determined action
should take place within a cross-cultural, encompassing programme of
reconciliation, aimed at closing the latent wounds and building just and
equitable conditions, and at providing needed redress consistent with the United
States' human rights obligations.

   74. The Special Rapporteur notes that the Government took a step that could
be one on a path toward reconciliation, when in 2010 Congress adopted a
resolution of apology to the indigenous peoples of the country, following in the
spirit of the apology previously issued to Native Hawaiians (para. 65 above).
Acknowledging widespread wrongdoing, the Apology states: "The United States,
acting through Congress ... apologizes on behalf of the people of the United
States for the many instances of violence, maltreatment and neglect inflicted on
Native Peoples by citizens of the United States [and] expresses its regret". The
apology also "urges the President to acknowledge the wrongs of the United States
against Indian tribes in the history of the United States in order to bring
healing to this land."  n16 The full text of the apology bears reading. However,
strangely, the apology was buried deep in a defense appropriations act, and
apparently few indigenous people, much less the public in general, were made
aware of it.

   75. Such an apology should not go unnoticed. Rather, it should be a point of
public awakening and mark a path toward reconciliation, a path for concrete
steps to address issues whose resolution is essential to defeating disharmony,
and a path toward more enlightened framing of relations between indigenous
peoples and the United States.

   76. Among the pending issues that should be addressed with firm
determination, within a programme of reconciliation, are the severed or frayed
connections with culturally significant landscapes and sacred sites, such as
those resulting from the taking of the Black Hills or from environmental
pollution in countless places; imposed limitations on indigenous self-governance
capacity,  [*70]  such as that preventing indigenous authorities from acting
with full force to combat violence against women; the pathologies left by the
removal of indigenous children from their communities; and other persistent
symbols of subordination, such as the refusal of the United States thus far to
make good on its long-standing promise to provide reparations for the Sand Creek
massacre. Also to be addressed are the pervasive problems left in the aftermath
of Alaska Statehood and the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act, and the still
not remedied, yet acknowledged, suppression of indigenous Hawaiian sovereignty.

   77. The Special Rapporteur notes the previous significant effort made by the
United States to comprehensively resolve the grievances of Indian tribes by its
creation in 1946 of the Indian Claims Commission and by extending the
Commission's authority widely to include claims based on "fair and honourable
dealings," inter alia. Over its life the Commission determined hundreds of land
claims based on treaties or ancestral occupation, but the only remedies provided
under the relevant statute were for monetary compensation upon a finding of
extinguishment or taking of rights, a product of the assimilationist frame of
thinking of the period in which the Commission was created, which left many
fundamental issues unresolved or further complicated. Still the establishment of
the Commission represents the capacity of the United States to take sweeping
action to address evident wrongs on the basis of prevailing policy preferences.

   78. What is now needed is a resolve to take action to address the pending,
deep-seated concerns of indigenous peoples, but within current notions of
justice and the human rights of indigenous peoples. Exemplifying the kind of
restorative action to be taken consistent with contemporary human rights values
is the return of the sacred Blue Lake to Taos Pueblo and the restoration of land
to the Timbisha Shoshone Tribe. Both land areas were restored from land under
federal administration, with no consequence for any individual property
interests. Another exemplary action is the more recent initiative to transfer
management of national park lands to the Oglala Sioux Tribe in South Dakota.
Such measures reveal a needed understanding of the centrality of land and
geographic spaces to the physical and cultural well-being of indigenous peoples,
in accordance with standards now prevailing internationally and accepted by the
United States.

V. THE SIGNIFICANCE OF THE DECLARATION ON THE RIGHTS OF INDIGENOUS PEOPLES

   79. The United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples stands
as an important impetus and guide for measures to address the concerns of
indigenous peoples in the United States and to move toward reconciliation. An
authoritative instrument with broad support, the Declaration marks a path toward
remedying the injustices and inequitable conditions faced by indigenous peoples,
calling on determined action to secure their rights, within a model of respect
for their self-determination and distinctive cultural identities.

    [*71]  80. The Declaration represents a global consensus among Governments
and indigenous peoples worldwide that is joined in by the United States as well
as by indigenous peoples in the country. It was adopted by the General Assembly
with the affirmative votes of an overwhelming majority of United Nations Member
States amid expressions of celebration by indigenous peoples from around the
world. At the urging of indigenous leaders from throughout the country, the
United States declared its support for the Declaration on 16 December 2010,
reversing its earlier position.

   81. By its very nature, the Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples
is not legally binding, but it is nonetheless an extension of the commitment
assumed by United Nations Member States - including the United States - to
promote and respect human rights under the United Nations Charter, customary
international law, and multilateral human rights treaties to which the United
States is a Party, including the International Covenant on Civil and Political
Rights, and the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of
Racial Discrimination.  n17

   82. Whatever its precise legal significance, the Declaration embodies a
convergence of common understanding about the rights of indigenous peoples, upon
a foundation of fundamental human rights, including rights of equality,
self-determination, property and cultural integrity. It is a product of more
than two decades of deliberations in which the experiences and aspirations of
indigenous peoples worldwide, along with failures and successes of the relevant
laws and policies of States, were closely examined, with a view toward promoting
human rights.

   83. With these characteristics, the Declaration is now part of United States
domestic and foreign policy, as made clear in the United States' announcement
that its endorsement of the instrument:


     . reflects the U.S. commitment to work with [indigenous] tribes,
     individuals, and communities to address the many challenges they face.
     The United States aspires to improve relations with indigenous peoples
     by looking to the principles embodied in the Declaration in its
     dealings with federally recognized tribe, while also working, as
     appropriate, with all indigenous individuals and communities in the
     United States.
     . Moreover, the United States is committed to serving as a model in
     the international community in promoting and protecting the collective
     rights of indigenous peoples as well as the human rights of all
     individuals.

    [*72]  84. As part of United States domestic and foreign policy, an
extension of its international human right commitments, and reflecting a
commitment to indigenous peoples in the United States, the Declaration should
now serve as a beacon for executive, legislative and judicial decision-makers in
relation to issues concerning the indigenous peoples of the country. All such
decision-making should incorporate awareness and close consideration of the
Declaration's terms. Moreover, the Declaration is an instrument that should
motivate and guide steps toward still-needed reconciliation with the country's
indigenous peoples, on just terms.

VI. CONCLUSIONS AND RECOMMENDATIONS

   85. Indigenous peoples in the United States - including American Indian,
Alaska Native and Native Hawaiian peoples - constitute vibrant communities that
have contributed greatly to the life of the country. Yet they face significant
challenges that are related to widespread historical wrongs and misguided
government policies that today manifest themselves in various indicators of
disadvantage and impediments to the exercise of their individual and collective
rights.

Existing federal legislation and executive programmes

   86. Many acts of Congress and federal programmes that have been developed
over the last few decades - in contrast to earlier exercises of federal power
based on misguided policies - constitute good practices that in significant
measure respond to indigenous peoples' concerns. Especially to be commended are
the many new initiatives taken by the executive to advance the rights of
indigenous peoples in the last few years.

The need to build on good practices and advance toward reconciliation

   87. Relevant authorities should take steps to address the concerns of
indigenous leaders that, in certain respects, federal legislation protective of
their rights is not adequately implemented and that federal programmes are not
adequately funded or administered.

   88. Further, the federal executive and Congress should respond to initiatives
promoted by indigenous peoples for new or amended legislation and programmes, in
accordance with the international human rights commitments of the United States.

89. Despite positive aspects of existing legislation and programmes, new
measures are needed to advance reconciliation with indigenous peoples and to
provide redress for persistent deep-seated problems. Federal authorities  [*73]
should identify, develop and implement such measures in full consultation and
coordination with indigenous peoples.

   90. Measures of reconciliation and redress should include, inter alia,
initiatives to address outstanding claims of treaty violations or non-consensual
takings of traditional lands to which indigenous peoples retain cultural or
economic attachment, and to restore or secure indigenous peoples' capacities to
maintain connections with places and sites of cultural or religious
significance, in accordance with the United States international human rights
commitments. In this regard, the return of Blue Lake to Taos Pueblo, the
restoration of land to the Timbisha Shoshone, the establishment of the Oglala
Sioux Tribal Park, and current initiatives of the National Park Service and the
United States Forest Service to protect sacred sites, constitute important
precedents or moves in this direction.

   91. Other measures of reconciliation should include efforts to identify and
heal particular sources of open wounds. And hence, for example, promised
reparations should be provided to the descendants of the Sands Creek massacre,
and new or renewed consideration should be given to clemency for Leonard Peltier
.

   92. Issues of self-governance, environmental degradation, language
restoration, and federal recognition, as well as the particular concerns of
indigenous peoples in urban settings and border areas, among other matters,
should also be addressed.

The United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples

   93. The United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples is an
important impetus and guide for improving upon existing measures to address the
concerns of indigenous peoples in the United States, and for developing new
measures to advance toward reconciliation. The Declaration represents an
international standard accepted by the United States, at the urging of
indigenous peoples from across the country, and is an extension of the United
States historical leadership and commitment to promote human rights under
various sources of international law. With these characteristics, the
Declaration is a benchmark for all relevant decision-making by the federal
executive, Congress, and the judiciary, as well as by the states of the United
States.

The federal executive

   94. The federal executive should work closely with indigenous leaders, at all
levels of decision-making, to identify and remove any barriers to effective
implementation of existing government programmes and directives, and to improve
upon them. In this regard, efforts should be made to ensure  [*74]  coordinated
and clear delineation of tasks among the various government agencies working on
indigenous issues, effective means of interaction and consultation with
indigenous peoples, and coherent, coordinated federal executive action on
indigenous issues.

   95. In keeping with the expressed commitment of the United States to the
principles of the Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples and its
related international human rights obligations, the President should consider
issuing a directive to all executive agencies to adhere to the Declaration in
all their decision-making concerning indigenous peoples.

   96. Independently of such a presidential directive, given that the
Declaration has already been adopted as part of United States policy, all
executive agencies that touch upon indigenous affairs should become fully aware
of the meaning of the Declaration with respect to their respective spheres of
responsibility, and they should ensure that their decisions and consultation
procedures are consistent with the Declaration. To this end there should be a
crosscutting executive level campaign to ensure awareness about the content and
meaning of the Declaration.

   97. In following up to the apology resolution adopted by Congress in 2010,
which directs the President to pursue reconciliation with the country's
indigenous peoples, the President should develop, in consultation with them, a
set of relevant initiatives in accordance with paragraphs 87-92 above. As an
initial measure, the President should make the apology resolution widely known
among indigenous peoples and the public at large, in a way that is appropriate
to the sensitivities and aspirations of indigenous peoples, and within a broader
programme that contributes to public education about indigenous peoples and the
issues they face.

Congress

   98. Congress should act promptly on legislative proposals advocated by
indigenous leaders for the protection of their peoples' rights, and ensure that
any legislation concerning indigenous peoples is adopted in consultation with
them. Particular, immediate priority should be placed on legislation advocated
by indigenous peoples and proposed by the executive to extend protection for
indigenous women against violence by, inter alia, enlarging the law enforcement
capacities of tribal authorities.

   99. Following up to the hearing on the Declaration held by the Senate
Committee on Indian Affairs on 9 June 2011, Congress should hold hearings to
educate its members about the Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples
and to consider specific legislative measures that are needed to fully implement
the rights affirmed therein. Attention should be paid to aspects of already
existing legislation that should be reformed, and to new legislation that could
advance needed measures of reconciliation. Consideration should  [*75]  also be
given to providing judicial remedies for infringements of rights incorporated in
the Declaration.

   100.Congress should, in consultation with indigenous peoples, enact
legislative reforms or altogether new legislation as required to achieve the
reconciliation called for in its apology resolution of 2010.

   101. Any legislation adopted by Congress should be in alignment with the
human rights standards represented by the Declaration. To this end Congress
should consider adopting a resolution affirming the Declaration as the policy of
United States and declaring its resolve to exercise its power to advance the
principles and goals of the Declaration.

   102. At a minimum, Congress should continuously refrain from exercising any
purported power to unilaterally extinguish indigenous peoples' rights, with the
understanding that to do so would be morally wrong and against United States
domestic and foreign policy, and that it would incur responsibility for the
United States under its international human rights obligations.

The federal judiciary

   103. The federal judiciary, in particular the United States Supreme Court,
has played a significant role in defining the rights and status of indigenous
peoples. While affirming indigenous peoples' rights and inherent sovereignty, it
has also articulated grounds for limiting those rights on the basis of colonial
era doctrine that is out of step with contemporary human rights values.

   104. Consistent with well-established methods of judicial reasoning, the
federal courts should discard such colonial era doctrine in favour of an
alternative jurisprudence infused with the contemporary human rights values that
have been embraced by the United States, including those values reflected in the
United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples. Furthermore,
just as the Supreme Court looked to the law of nations of the colonial era to
define bedrock principles concerning the rights and status of indigenous
peoples, it should now look to contemporary international law, to which the
Declaration is connected, for the same purposes.

   105. Accordingly, the federal courts should interpret, or reinterpret,
relevant doctrine, treaties and statutes in light of the Declaration, both in
regard to the nature of indigenous peoples' rights and the nature of federal
power.

 [*76]  The states of the United States

   106. Although competency over indigenous affairs rests at the federal level,
states of the United States exercise authority that in various ways affects the
rights of indigenous peoples. Relevant state authorities should become aware of
the rights of indigenous peoples affirmed in the Declaration on the Rights of
Indigenous Peoples, and develop state policies to promote the goals of the
Declaration and to ensure that the decisions of state authorities are consistent
with it.

Indigenous peoples' authorities

   107. Indigenous authorities should endeavour to educate the members of their
tribes, nations or communities about the Declaration and its contents. They
should apply the Declaration in their own self-governance, as well as use it as
a common point of understanding in dealings with federal and state legislative,
executive and judicial authorities.

Alaska and Hawaii

   108. The situations in Alaska and Hawaii are each unique and merit particular
attention and action on the part of the United States to secure the rights of
indigenous peoples there. The Special Rapporteur intends to address these
situations further in future communications with the United States.

APPENDIX I: SUMMARY OF INFORMATION ON FEDERAL PROGRAMMES, POLICIES, LEGISLATION
AND OTHER INITIATIVES RELATED TO INDIGENOUS PEOPLES SUBMITTED TO THE SPECIAL
RAPPORTEUR BY GOVERNMENT REPRESENTATIVES, AGENCIES AND DEPARTMENTS

Executive Orders

   1. Executive Order No. 13007 - Indian Sacred Sites of 1996: Calls on federal
agencies responsible for management of federal lands, to accommodate, to the
extent practicable, access to and ceremonial use of Indian sacred sites by
Indian religious practitioners and avoid adversely affecting the physical
integrity of such sites, and where appropriate, maintain the confidentiality of
sacred sites.

   2. Executive Order 13175 Consultation and Coordination with Indian Tribal
Governments of 2000: Aims to establish regular and meaningful consultation and
[*77]  collaboration with tribal officials in the development of certain federal
policies related to tribes, to strengthen the United States
govemment-to-government relationships with Indian tribes, and to reduce the
imposition of unfunded mandates upon Indian tribes.

   3. Presidential Memorandum of November 5, 2009: Directs each agency to submit
to the Director of the Office of Management and Budget (OMB), within 90 days, a
detailed plan of actions the agency will take to implement the policies and
directives of Executive Order 13175.

   4. The plan should be developed after consultation by the agency with Indian
tribes and tribal officials as described in Executive Order 13175. Further, each
agency head must submit to the Director of the OMB, within 270 days after
November 5, 2009, and annually thereafter, a progress report on the status of
each action included in its plan together with any proposed updates to its plan.

   5. Executive Order 13592 Improving American Indian and Alaska Native
Educational Opportunities and Strengthening Tribal Colleges and Universities of
2011: Establishes the White House Initiative on American Indian and Alaska
Native Education chaired by the Secretaries of Interior and Education. Its
purpose is to help expand educational opportunities and improve educational
outcomes for American Indian and Alaska Native students including instruction in
indigenous languages, cultures and histories and preparation for college and
career building.

Legislation

   6. Omnibus Appropriations Act H.R. 2764-526, Sec. 699B of 2008: Establishes
an Advisor for Activities Relating to Indigenous Peoples Internationally who is
required to advise the Director of United States Foreign Assistance and the
Administrator of USAID on matters relating to indigenous peoples, and who should
represent the United States Government on such matters in meetings with foreign
governments and multilateral institutions.

   7. Tribal Law and Order Act of 2010: Improves the capacity of tribal
governments to deal with domestic violence and sex crimes, alcohol and substance
abuse, strengthens services to victims, and provides enhanced tribal sentencing
authority. The Act also expands recruitment and retention of Bureau of Indian
Affairs and tribal officers and provides new guidelines and training for
officers handling domestic violence and sex crimes. Establishes the Office of
Tribal Justice within the Justice Department.

   8. Claims Resolution Act of 2010: Authorizes and funds the Cobell v. Salazar
settlement agreement (regarding alleged mismanagement of Indian trust accounts).
Additionally, it included four water settlements for seven tribes in Arizona,
Montana and New Mexico and provisions for over $ 1 billion for new water
infrastructure projects to meet drinking water supply needs and rehabilitation
of existing, aging infrastructure. To date, there are 26 congressionally enacted
Indian water rights settlements.

    [*78]  9. Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (PPACA) of (2010):
Authorizes new and expanded programmes and services to American Indian and
Alaska Natives through the Indian Health Service to make health care accessible
and affordable. Created permanent authorization for the Indian Health Care
Improvement Act (IHCIA), which is the legal authority for the provision of
health care to American Indians and Alaska Natives.

   10. American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009: Provides more than $ 3
billion to help tribal communities renovate schools on reservations, promote job
creation, improve housing and support health and policing services.

   11. Indian Arts and Crafts Amendments Act of 2010: Amends the Indian Arts and
Crafts Act, which makes illegal to sell, offer, or display for sale any art or
craft product falsely suggesting it was Indian made. The Act empowers federal
law enforcement officers to enforce this prohibition and it differentiates among
penalties bases on the price of goods involved in the offense.

Legislative proposals

   12. Proposed American Jobs Act: Intended to provide employment opportunities
and tax cuts to small businesses and employees. Within Indian Country, the Act
will serve to provide tax cuts to Native American-owned businesses, the
extension of payroll tax cuts to Native American workers, the extension of
unemployment insurance, subsidized employment opportunities for Native American
youth and adults, community rebuilding and revitalization, and expansion of
high-speed internet.

   13. S. 1925 - Proposed Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act: Title IX
addresses violence perpetrated against American Indian and Alaska Native women
by restoring concurrent tribal criminal jurisdiction over all persons who commit
misdemeanor domestic and dating violence in Indian Country and clarifies tribal
court authorities to issue and enforce civil protection orders.

   14. H.R. 4970 - Proposed Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act: Among
other measures, would authorize Native American victims of domestic violence or
Indian Tribes on behalf of Indian victims to seek protection orders from United
States district courts against suspects of abuse.

Other Executive/White House Initiatives

   15. Presidential Proclamation of National Native American Heritage Month
November of 2011: Proclamation to celebrate the rich and diverse ancestry of
American Indians and Alaska Natives and their contributions to the United
States.

   16. Presidential Website: Winning the Future - President Obama and the Native
American Community: Serves to assist Native Americans and Alaska Natives
navigate federal government programmes and policies. The site contains a
resource center designed to bring together over 25 different agencies and  [*79]
departments into one, navigable location. See
http://www.whitehouse.gov/nativeamericans

   17. White House Tribal Nations Conferences 2009 - 2011: Over the past three
years, the President has hosted three White House Tribal Conferences that
brought together Cabinet Secretaries and senior Administration officials with
leaders invited from all the federally recognized tribes in order to strengthen
the relationship between the United States Government and tribal governments.
Issues discussed by representatives from federal agencies and tribal leaders
include job creation and tribal economies; promotion of safe and strong tribal
communities; protection of natural resources and respect of cultural rights; and
social issues including health care, education, housing, and infrastructure.

   18. Office of National Drug Control Policy (ONDCP)/ High Intensity Drug
Trafficking Area Program: Provides funding for enforcement and drug prevention
efforts nationwide including Native American projects in Oregon, Arizona, New
York and Oklahoma. The ONDCP engaged in a consultation process for the National
Northern Border Counternarcotics Strategy in five northern states which included
federal, state and tribal officials.

   19. America's Great Outdoors and the Call to Action: Presidential initiative
that includes the support of tribal historic preservation efforts and tribal
cultural traditions. Grants support tribes in fulfilling responsibilities under
the National Historic Preservation Act including conducting surveys of historic
places, maintaining historic site inventories, nominating properties to the
National Register of Historic Places, and reviewing Federal agency undertakings
under Section 106 of the National Historic Preservation Act.

   20. White House Rural Council: Works across federal agencies to address
challenges faced by tribal communities in the area of sustainable economic
development and to promote economic prosperity in Indian Country.

   21. Let's Move! in Indian Country is a comprehensive initiative dedicated to
solving the problem of obesity within a generation, so that children bom today
will grow up healthier and able to pursue their dreams. .

Department of Agriculture

   22. USDA Office of Tribal Relations (OTR): Established in 2009 to serve as
point of contact between the Department and all federally recognized tribal
governments, tribal communities, individual tribal members, as well as
state-recognized tribal governments. OTR is responsible for working with all
departmental agencies to build a collaborative and integrated approach to
issues, programmes and services addressing the needs of American Indians and
Alaskan Natives, including Tribal consultation.

   23. USDA Action Plan for Tribal Consultation and Collaboration: Outlines
actions the Department intends to take to develop consultation processes across
all departmental agencies at a regional level regarding their different
programmes and  [*80]  services, which would include a reporting, accountability
and performance assessment structure for these consultation processes.

   24. Sacred Sites Policy Review: Review by the USDA's Office of Tribal
Relations (OTR) and the Forest Service of the effectiveness of existing policies
and procedures for the protection of Native American sacred sites on National
Forest System Lands, which involved national and regional level listening
sessions with tribal governments and traditional cultural practitioners to
gather recommendations. A final report with recommendations for needed action at
the level of US DA will be developed in consultation with tribal governments and
cultural practitioners.

   25. USDA Rural Development: Provided for investment in business in Indian
Country through multiple programmes that included $ 7.6 million for their
Business & Industry Loan Guarantee programme and $ 4.2 million in grants to
support economic development. The USDA also provided over $ 50 million through
Natural Resources Conservation Service programmes to improve and benefit trust
lands across the country.

   26. Internet Access: Both the Department of Agriculture and the Department of
Commerce have dedicated programmes to bring high-speed, affordable broadband
into tribal communities and have awarded loans and grants worth over $ 1.5
billion for projects to benefit tribal areas.

   27. Keepseagle v. Vilsack settlement of 2010: The Government reached a $ 760
million settlement with Native American farmers and ranchers who sued the
Department of Agriculture for discrimination in loan programmes. In addition to
monetary damages and debt relief awarded to Native American farmers, the
settlement contained programmatic reforms including the establishment of a
Council on Native American Farming and Ranching that responds directly to the
Secretary of Agriculture, technical assistance to help access farm loan
programmes, a moratorium on further collection of delinquent loans during the
pendency of the settlement process and an additional round of loan servicing
after completion of the claims process.

Department of Interior

   28. Department of the Interior Action Plan and Tribal Consultation Policy:
Developed by a joint federal-tribal team. Provides for a Department-wide tribal
governance officer, early tribal involvement in the design of actions
implicating tribal interests.

   29. Department of the Interior Indian Loan Guaranty Insurance and Interest
Subsidy Program: Established by the Indian Finance Act of 1974 to stimulate
American Indian and Alaska Native economic enterprises and employment. In fiscal
year 2011, the programme made over 46 loan guarantees, totalling more than $ 78
million.

   30. Department of the Interior Indian Water Rights Office leads, coordinates,
and manages the Department's Indian water rights settlement program.

    [*81]  31. National Commission on Indian Trust Administration and Reform:
The Secretary of the Interior appointed five prominent American Indians to
service on the Commission. The Commission will undertake an evaluation of
Interior's trust management of Native American trust funds.

   32. Department of the Interior Pilot program to reduce crime on Indian
reservations: Engages reservation communities experiencing high crime rates to
reduce violent crime, juvenile delinquency, and criminal behaviour.

   33. Proposed Lease Reforms: Aims to simplify the leasing process on tribal
lands and enhance tribally driven renewable solar and wind energy projects.

   34. Management of Indian trust lands: Over 11 million acres belong to
individual Indians and nearly 44 million acres are held in trust for Indian
tribes. On these lands, the Department manages over 109,000 leases.

Office of the Special Trustee for American Indians

   35. The Office of the Special Trustee for American Indians manages
approximately $ 3.7 billion in trust funds from leases, use permits, land sales
and income from financial assets. The Office has a Trust Beneficiary Call Center
to implement the Cobell v. Salazar decision, which provides the Department with
the ability to resolve trust claims. The call centre uses a toll-free phone
number to provide comprehensive account information to beneficiaries. The Office
also has a Trust Asset and Accounting Management System, an integrated database
containing land title documents, including supporting revenue distribution,
invoicing, acquisitions and all legal details relating to land transactions.

Bureau of Indian Affairs

   36. Water Rights Negotiation/Litigation Program: A programme of the Bureau of
Indian Affairs (BIA) to provide funds to the United States and tribes for
activities associated with securing or defending federally reserved Indian water
rights through negotiations and/or litigation. It primarily provides funds for
necessary documentation, expert witnesses and technical reports to further water
rights claims.

   37. Water Management, Planning, and Pre-Development Program: A BIA programme
for assisting tribes in managing, conserving and utilizing trust water
resources, primarily by providing funds for necessary technical research,
studies and other information for Indian tribes.

   38. High Priority Performance Goal crime reduction initiative of 2009:
Programme implemented by the Bureau of Indian Affairs in collaboration with
tribal law enforcement officials intended to reduce violent crime in four
targeted reservations by five percent over a 24-month period. The initiative was
expanded to two additional reservations.

 [*82]  Bureau of Indian Education

   39. The Bureau of Indian Education funds 183 elementary and secondary schools
on 64 reservations throughout the United States, serving approximately 42,000
Indian students. Of these, 58 are tribally-operated under contracts or grants.
The Bureau also funds or operates off-reservation boarding schools and provides
higher education scholarships to Indian students.

United States Geological Survey

   40. Technical Training in Support of Native American Relations (TESNAR): A
programme that provides grants for the development and implementation of
technical training, by USGS scientists, for the employees of Tribes and tribal
organizations in order to strengthen the technical capacity of Tribes in
managing tribal natural and cultural resources.

Bureau of Reclamation

   41. Native American Affairs Program: A programme of the Bureau of Reclamation
(BOR) that provides support for Indian water rights negotiations and the
realization of various irrigation, water development, drought relief and other
services and programmes implemented by the BOR.

   42. Water Rights Settlement Projects: Provides support for Indian water
rights settlements, including serving as the construction entity for water
supply projects approved as part of enacted settlements.

   43. Bureau of Reclamation/ Rural Water Projects: Works with Indian tribes to
assess their water supply needs, including for domestic uses, and to address
these needs by designing and constructing water supply projects. Construction of
water projects to provide safe and reliable domestic water supplies to Indian
tribes, and other local entities, are ongoing in several states.

US Fish & Wildlife Service

   44. Tribal Wildlife Grants Program: Provided approximately 360 grants to
nearly 200 tribal governments to conserve, protect and enhance fish, wildlife,
plants and habitats.

 [*83]  National Park Service

   45. Agreements on gathering of traditional plants and minerals: The National
Park Service is preparing to issue a rule to authorize agreements between Park
Service and federally-recognized tribes to permit limited gathering of plants
and minerals for traditional purposes.

   46. Proposed Tribal National Park: The National Park Service is working with
the Oglala Sioux Tribe to develop legislation to establish the first tribal
national park in the South Unit of the Badlands National Park, which is located
entirely in the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation.

   47. National Park Service Management Policies: Management policies and other
official guidelines such as Director's Order # 53 - Special Park Uses, direct
officials to respect the government-to-govemment relationship, to provide access
to and use of Indian sacred sites, and to ensure that consultation to ascertain
and address the concerns of Indian tribes and tribal traditional religious
practitioners is carried out when actions that may have an effect on Indian
tribes and their cultural traditions are proposed.

   48. National Park Service Shared Beringian Heritage Program: United States
and Russian joint cooperation for the protection of the area's natural, cultural
resources and the rights of indigenous peoples in both countries. The National
Park Service is to consult with Alaska indigenous peoples regarding initiatives
under the program.

Bureau of Land Management

   49. BLM Tribal Consultation Policy: Developed in response to Executive Order
13175 with the purpose to identify the cultural values, the religious beliefs,
the traditional practices, and the legal rights of Native American people which
could be affected by BLM actions on Federal lands.

   50. BLM - 8100 Manual and Handbook: Instructs BLM managers on identification
and management of cultural resources on public lands. Provides for tribal
consultation to identify and manage sacred sites, including providing access to
such sites.

   51. BLM/Co-management Agreements: Provides for co-management agreements to
manage areas of significant value to Tribes. These have included co-management
agreement with the Pueblo de Cochiti in New Mexico to manage the Kasha-Katuwe
Tent Rocks National Monument; and a co-management agreement with Taos Pueblo,
New Mexico to jointly manage the "Wild Rivers Section" of the Rio Grande.

   52. BLM Cultural Resources Management program: Provides for repatriation to
Native American peoples of human remains and cultural items held in BLM's
collections and enhancing management of culturally significant sites on public
lands.

 [*84]  Department of Justice

   53. Violence Against Women Federal/Tribal Prosecution Task Force: Composed of
federal and tribal prosecutors that facilitate and coordinate action between the
Justice Department and tribal governments regarding the prosecution of violent
crimes against women in Indian Country including the development of
recommendations and resource materials on prosecutions of these offenses.

   54. Coordinated Tribal Assistance Solicitation: Provides a single streamlined
application process for tribal government-specific grant programmes administered
by the Office of Justice Programs, Community Oriented Policing Services, and the
Office on Violence Against Women.

   55. Consideration of Policy Regarding Eagle Feathers: Departments of Justice
and the Interior have worked to facilitate tribal members' access to eagle
feathers for religious and cultural purposes and to address concerns over the
effects of federal laws protecting eagles on tribal and cultural practices.

Department of Homeland Security

   56. Tribal Relations Program: Seeks to include tribal governments in many
facets of homeland security and emergency management, through joint law
enforcement operations with Customs and Border Protection and improved response
to disasters affecting tribal members and tribal lands.

Department of Labor

   57. Indian and Native American Program/ Employment and Training
Administration: Provides funding for tribes and Native American non-profit
organizations to provide employment and training services to unemployed and
low-income Native Americans, Alaska Natives, and Native Hawaiians.

Department of Commerce

   58. The Minority Business Development Agency of the Department of Commerce:
Funded six Native American Business Enterprise Centers in Arizona, California,
New Mexico, North Dakota, Washington and Oklahoma.

Department of the Treasury

   59. Community Development Financial Institutions Fund (CDFI) -- Native
Initiatives Program: Designed to increase capital, credit, and financial
services for Native populations across the nation and build the capacity of
Native community  [*85]  development financial institutions to provide financial
products and services to Native Communities.

Department of Housing and Urban Development

   60. Section 184 Loan Guarantee Program: Based on the Housing and Community
Development Act of 1992, the programme provides home ownership opportunities to
American Indians and Alaska Native living on trust or restricted lands.

   61. Native Hawaiian Housing Block Grant Program Section 184A Loan Guarantee
Program for Native Hawaiians: Provides access to private financing on Hawaiian
home lands and promotes homeownership, property rehabilitation and new home
constructions for eligible Native Hawaiian individuals.

   62. Native American Housing Needs Assessment: Study undertaken by Housing and
Urban Development that included regional and national outreach meetings with
tribal housing stakeholders to seek input on methodology for survey of housing
needs.

   63. Indian Housing Block Grant (IHBG) Program: Provides annual funding to
Native American tribes or tribally designated housing authority to make housing
assistance available to low-income Indian families. IHBG was established through
the Native American Housing Assistance and Self-Determination Act of 1996.

   64. Indian Community Development Block Grant (ICDBG) Program: Provides grants
to improve housing and economic opportunities in Native American and Alaskan
Native communities.

   65. Rural Housing and Economic Development (RHED) Program: Provides for rural
housing and economic development activities at the state and local levels
including reservation and tribal communities in rural areas.

   66. Tribal Colleges and Universities Program (TCUP): Assists Tribal Colleges
and Universities to build, expand, renovate and equip their facilities and
support their role as service providers for health programmes, job training and
economic development.

   67. Resident Opportunity and Self-Sufficiency (ROSS) Program: Provides
funding for job training and support services to assist public housing residents
to transition from welfare to work.

   68. Department of Housing and Urban Development Tribal Govemment-to-Govemment
Consultation Policy of 2001: Enhances communication and coordination between the
Department and federally recognized Indian tribes or Alaska Native tribes.

 [*86]  Department of Veterans Affairs

   69. Home Loans to Native American Veterans: The Department of Veterans
Affairs Loan Guaranty Service works with federally-recognized tribes to provide
loans to Native American Veterans for the purchase, construction, or improvement
of homes located on federally-recognized trust land.

Department of Energy

   70. Office of Indian Energy/ Indian Country Energy and Infrastructure Working
Group: An informal group of tribal leaders who provide advice and input to the
Office of Indian Energy and Department of Energy on energy development issues in
Indian Country.

   71. Office of Indian Energy: Engaged in the development of programmes for
tribal energy education, strategic and targeted technical assistance for tribes
on renewable energy project deployment, transmission and electrification,
innovative project development, and best practices forums.

   72. Strategic Technical Assistance Response Team (START): An initiative of
the Office of Indian Energy Policy and Programs (DOE-IE) that advances modern
clean energy project development in Indian Country.

   73. Department of Energy Technical Assistance and Grants: Technical
assistance and grants to help Native American communities develop renewable
energy resources and energy efficiency.

   74. Tribal Energy Program: Provides funds to tribes to undertake assessments
of energy efficiency of tribal buildings and provide training for assessing
clean energy options.

   75. American Indian Research and Education Initiative: Department of Energy
facilitated partnership between the American Indian Higher Education Consortium
and the American Indian Science and Engineering Society to bring science,
technology, engineering, and mathematics research and education funding to
Native American students in tribal colleges and universities.

Department of Health and Human Services

   76. Tribal Advisory Committee: Established by the Secretary to improve
services, outreach, and consultation efforts with tribes.

   77. Indian Health Service and Health Resources and Services Administration/
National Health Service Corp program: Seeks to improve the recruitment and
retention of healthcare providers in the Indian healthcare system.

   78. Special Diabetes Program for Indians: Provides funding to Indian Health
Service, tribal, and urban Indian health programmes for community-driven
strategies to address diabetes treatment.

    [*87]  79. National Action Alliance for Suicide Prevention: Developed new
task forces to address and improve suicide prevention programmes in American
Indians and Alaska Native communities.

   80. Indian Health Service Sexual Assault Policy and Protocol: Establishes a
standard of care for sexual assault victims who seek clinical services within an
Indian Health Service operated hospital; seeks to ensure that care is culturally
sensitive, patient-centered, and needs are addressed with a coordinated response
from the community. The policies also assist in evidence collection for possible
use in the criminal justice system.

   81. Administration for Native Americans/US Department of Health & Human
Services: Promotes self-sufficiency for Native Americans by providing
discretionary grant funding for community-based projects, and training and
technical assistance to eligible tribes and Native organizations. Conducted a
Language Symposium in September 2011 to build and share best practices, discuss
challenges and barriers and identify necessary resources to support language and
culture in Native communities.

Department of Education

   82. National Advisory Council on Indian Education: Advises the Secretary of
Education on the funding and administration of Department programmes relevant to
American Indians and Alaska Natives and reports to Congress on any
recommendations that the Council considers appropriate for the improvement of
federal education programmes that include or may benefit Native Americans.

Environmental Protection Agency

   83. Office of Air and Radiation: Supported initiatives for tribal involvement
in the designation and application of Clean Air Act standards within Indian
Country.

   84. Indian Environmental General Assistance Program: Provides technical and
financial assistance to tribes to develop and administer federal environmental
programmes.

   85. EPA Targeted Grants: Provided $ 12 million in grants to 83 tribes to
establish Tribal Environmental Response Programs to address contamination on
tribal lands.

   86. Border 2012 Program: Provides for the improvement and expansion of clean
water and wastewater management capacity to tribal communities in border areas.

   87. Tribal Solid Waste Interagency Workgroup: Environmental Protection
Agency, in collaboration with the Bureau of Indian Affairs, Indian Health
Service, Department of Defense and United States Department of Agriculture,
provides financial assistance to tribes to manage new solid waste initiatives.

    [*88]  88. EPA-Tribal Science Council: Partnership with tribal
representatives to integrate Environmental Protection Agency and tribal
interests, including the integration of traditional ecological knowledge in
environmental science, policy and decision-making.

   89. EPA - Policy on Consultation and Coordination: Provides for consultation
with federally recognized tribal governments when Environmental Protection
Agency actions and decisions may affect tribal interests. The EPA has developed
a guide to consulting with Indian Tribal Governments for Federal Government
personnel.

   90. Toxics Release Inventory (TRI) Reporting for Facilities Located in Indian
Country and Clarification of Additional Opportunities Available to Tribal
Governments under the TRI Program: Requires each facility located in Indian
country to submit TRI reports to the Agency and the appropriate Tribe, rather
than to the State in which the facility is located. The rule also provides
Tribes with the opportunity to request that facilities located in their lands be
added to the TRI and that a particular chemical be added or deleted from the TRI
chemical list.

   91. Health and Environment Impacts of Uranium Contamination in the Navajo
Nation (June 2008): Five-year plan developed by the Bureau of Indian Affairs,
Department of Energy, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, Environmental Protection
Agency and Indian Health Service at the request of the House Committee on
Oversight and Government Reform to address the public health and environmental
impacts from historical uranium mining on the Navajo Reservation.

   92. National Environmental Justice Advisory Council: Currently developing a
national tribal and indigenous peoples' environmental justice policy to improve
the Agency's effectiveness when addressing the environmental justice concerns of
federally-recognized tribes, tribal members, state-recognized tribes, indigenous
organizations, and other indigenous stakeholders.

   93. National Tribal Operations Committee (NTOC): Works to ensure more
affective representation of tribal interests within the NTOC and stronger
connections between the NTOC and regional and subject matter tribal partnership
groups including air, water and science councils.

   94. American Indian Environmental Office (AIEO): Supports implementation of
federal environmental laws consistent with the federal trust responsibility, the
govemment-to-government relationship, and Agency's 1984 Indian Policy. It
participates in the Arctic Council Indigenous Peoples Contaminant Action Program
(IPCAP), which intends to build awareness and capacity among Arctic indigenous
communities to better understand their contaminant exposures and to more
effectively engage in governmental efforts to address exposure issues.

   95. Border 2020 Program: American Indian Environmental Office collaborates
with the Office of International and Tribal Affairs (OITA) in conducting
effective coordination and formal govemment-to-govemment consultation with
United States border tribes and in outreach to Mexican border indigenous
communities.

    [*89]  96. North American Tribal/First Nations/Indigenous Climate Change
Adaptation Project: American Indian Environmental Office is a lead partner with
other federal agencies, the Canadian government, and a Canadian indigenous
not-for-profit organization in an effort to design a workshop scheduled for
September 2012 to focus on climate change adaptation needs of North American
indigenous communities in the area of food security and traditional plant use.

Department of Transportation

   97. Indian Reservations Roads Program: Provides funds for planning,
designing, construction, and maintenance activities on Indian Reservation Roads.
The programme is jointly administered by the Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) and
the Federal Highway Administration's Federals Lands Highway Office.

   98. Public Transportation on Indian Reservations Program/Tribal Transit
Program: Provides a total of $ 45 million in direct funding to federally
recognized tribes to support tribal public transportation in rural areas.

The Special Rapporteur met with representatives of the following federal
departments, offices, bureaus, agencies, and other institutions during his visit
to the United States from 23 April to 4 May 2012

Federal Level

Department of State

     United States Agency for International Development
     . Bureau of International Organizations, Office of Human Rights and
     Humanitarian Affairs
     . Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor
     . Office of the Legal Adviser
     . Office of the Special Representative for Global Intergovernmental
     Affairs
     . Office of Global Women's Issues
     . Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons
     . Bureau of Western Hemisphere Affairs


Department of the Interior

     . Bureau of Indian Affairs
     . The Bureau of Indian Education
     . Bureau of Land Management
     . National Park Service
     . Bureau of Reclamation
     . Office of the Special Trustee for American Indians
     . The United States Geological Survey
      [*90.]  International Affairs Coordinator for the Office of the
     Assistant Secretary - Indian Affairs


Department of Justice

     . Office of Tribal Justice


The White House

     . Senior Policy Advisor for Native American Affairs
     . Advisor on Violence Against Women
     . Office of Intergovernmental Affairs and Public Engagement and Others


Department of Health and Human Services

     . Director, Indian Health Service
     . Chief Medical Officer, Indian Health Service
     . Office of the General Counsel
     . Office of Multilateral Affairs


Environmental Protection Agency

     . American Indian Environmental Office, including its
     Tribal/Indigenous Peoples Environmental Justice Work Group
     . Assessment and Remediation Division, Office of Superfund Remediation
     and Technology Innovation
     . Office of Solid Waste and Emergency Response
     . Cross-Cutting Issues Law Office of General Counsel


Department of Housing and Urban Development

     . Office of Native American Programs
     . Office of Public and Indian Housing
     . Office of Fair Housing and Equal Opportunity
     . Secretary for Public Affairs
     . Office of International and Philanthropic Innovation
     . Office of Policy Development and Research


United States Department of Agriculture

     . Office of Tribal Relations
     . Natural Resources and Environment
     . Forest Service


Department of Education

State Level

     . Office of the Governor of South Dakota
     . Office of the Governor of Alaska

    [*91]  APPENDIX II: SUMMARY OF INFORMATION AND ALLEGATIONS PRESENTED BY
INDIGENOUS PEOPLES, GROUPS, AND ORGANIZATIONS TO THE SPECIAL RAPPORTEUR ON THE
RIGHTS OF INDIGENOUS PEOPLES

   1. During his mission, the Special Rapporteur held consultations with United
States officials as well as with indigenous peoples, tribes, and nations in
Washington, D.C.; Arizona; Alaska; Oregon; Washington state; South Dakota; and
Oklahoma, both in Indian country and in urban areas. The Special Rapporteur is
very grateful for the assistance he received from the National Congress of
American Indians; the Navajo Nation; the Indian Law Resource Center; the
International Indian Treaty Council; the University of Arizona Indigenous
Peoples Law and Policy Program; the Alaska Native Heritage Center; Port Graham
Village; Chickaloon Village; the Curyung Tribal Council; the National Indian
Child Welfare Association; the Cowlitz Indian Tribe; the University of Tulsa;
and Sinte Gleska University for their assistance in planning key consultations
in the various locations visited. He would also like to thank the numerous
individuals who provided essential assistance in this regard, in particular,
Dalee Sambo Dorough (Alaska), Armstrong Wiggins (Washington, D.C.), William
Means (South Dakota), Andrea Carmen (Alaska), Melissa Clyde (Oregon), Gabe
Galanda (Oregon), Bill Rice (Oklahoma), and Seanna Howard and Robert Williams,
Jr. (Arizona).

   2. The Special Rapporteur received the following information either in person
during his consultations or via electronic or other means. The submissions are
divided roughly by the region of their origin for organizational purposes.

Northeast and Washington, D.C.

   3. Seneca Nation of Indians: United States has frequently breached treaty
promises to the Seneca Nation; Government infringement on Seneca rights,
including the construction of the Kinzua Dam and the violation of
treaty-protected lands rights, waters rights, and resources rights, and the
right to economic development.

   4. Algonquin Confederacy of the Quinnipiac Tribal Council, Inc.:
Discriminatory practices and removal of Quinnipiac artifacts and landmarks from
traditional territories.

   5. Haudenosaunee Ska-Roh-Reh: Contaminated drinking water; barriers to
practising traditional religion; treaty breach by the United States Government.

   6. Association of American Indian Affairs: Stronger protection needed for
sacred sites; reform is needed for the federal recognition process; promotion of
international repatriation with recommended modalities; call to create a Special
US/Tribal Nations Joint Commission on Implementation of the United Nations
Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples.

    [*92]  7. Ramapough Lunaape Nation: Industrial pollution threatens the
health and well-being of community; state recognition by resolution has been
achieved but federal recognition is still lacking.

   8. Maine Indian Tribal - State Commission (MITSC): Maine Indian Claims
Settlement Act and Maine Implementing Act create structural inequalities that
limit the self-determination of Maine tribes; structural inequalities contribute
to Maine tribal members experiencing extreme poverty, high unemployment, short
life expectancy, poor health, limited educational opportunities and diminished
economic development.

   9. Members of the Beaver Clan, Onondaga Nation: Report on sexual violence and
criminal acts against indigenous children.

   10. Indian Law Resource Center: Highlights areas of Government policy that
present significant concerns for indigenous peoples located in the United States
and elsewhere including the effect of United States' foreign policy on
indigenous peoples in other countries; recommendations are made for policy
change that would bring the United States into compliance with the United
Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples.

Southeast region

   11. Lummi Nation: Need for protection of sacred sites and repatriation of
ancestral remains.

   12. Council of the Original Miccosukee Simanolee Nation Aboriginal People:
Affirm rights to land, culture and way within the context of historical
violations by the Government.

   13. Choctaw Nation of Florida: Historical taking of lands and treaty breach
issues.

   14. Yamasi People: Need for sustainable development and peaceful and
productive communication between indigenous peoples and the Government regarding
environmental issues.

Midwest and Great Lakes region

   15. Keweenaw Bay Indian Community (KBIC): Mining activities, including
prospective mining development, is negatively affecting indigenous lands and
waters within the Anishinaabeg territory and established reservation homelands,
which includes the destruction of the sacred place, Migi zii wa sin (Eagle
Rock).

   16. Anishinaabe representative: Increased mining in the Great Lakes region is
a growing threat to native communities on both sides of the United States/Canada
border.

   17. Native American Alliance of Ohio (NAAO): Report that "documentary
genocide," the practice of eliminating recognition of native peoples, is taking
place in Ohio.

 [*93]  South Dakota and broader Great Plains region (including submissions at
Sinte Gleska University consultation)

   18. Sioux Nation Treaty Council: Contamination from extractive industries
including gold mining, uranium mining and strip mining for coal in treaty
territory; breach of the 1868 Fort Laramie Treaty; high rates of cancer among
indigenous people of the Northern Great Plains; misrepresentation of Sioux
peoples by non-indigenous person; proposed war games in Buffalo Gap National
Grasslands.

   19. Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe: Uncertainty remains regarding compensation
stemming from the Tribal Equitable Compensation Act (TECA) and P.L. 106-511, an
act to provide for equitable compensation for the Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe,
and for other purposes.

   20. Lakota People's Law Project: Native children are taken from their
families in violation of the Indian Child Welfare Act and this is reflected by
the disproportionately high rate of Native American children in foster care.

   21. Chief Iron Eagle, Nakota Sioux Fire (Yankton Sioux Reservation): Lack of
adequate legal recourse to address treaty breach and sovereignty issues faced by
indigenous peoples in the United States.

   22. Black Hills Sioux Nation Treaty Council and Owe Aku International Justice
Project: Treaty violation of the 1868 Fort Laramie Treaty; laws and policies in
the United States do not extend equal rights to Native peoples and nations;
inadequate implementation of the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of
Indigenous Peoples by the United States Government.

   23. Oceti Sakowin Omniciye and Treaty of 1805 Task Force: United States
Government in violation of the 1805 Treaty, the first treaty between the Dakota,
Lakota, & Nakota and the Government.

   24. Mandan, Hidatsa, and Arikara Nation (Fort Berthold Reservation): Need to
streamline process for federal review and approval of individual Indian tribes
mineral leases while maintaining trust responsibility; Bakken Formation can
provide numerous benefits to the Mandan, Hidatsa, and Arikara Nation and its
members but must be developed in a way that does not harm community.

   25. Nueta, Hidatsa, & Sahnish Allottee Economic Development Corporation:
Environmental degradation resulting from oil development in the area; lack of
corporate responsibility regarding oil development in Fort Berthold; lack of
consultation regarding development of the Garrison Dam / Lake Sakakawea Project.

   26. Ihanktonwan Dakota: Self-government and self-determination in light of
the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples; Doctrine of
Discovery in addition to a patchwork of federal statutes, regulations and
policies create foremost barriers to self-determination.

   27. American Indian Movement Interpretative Center: Concerns regarding
development activities in the Penokee Range and Bad River Watershed of
Wisconsin; opposition to the Keystone XL Pipeline Project; concerns regarding
[*94]  effects of uranium mining in the Navajo Nation; call for the immediate
release of Leonard Peltier.

   28. Community for the Advancement of Native Studies: Underrepresentation of
Native American students in higher education and as teachers and administrators
in the South Dakota education system; discriminatory practices within the state
education system.

   29. Sisseton and Wahpeton representative: Treaty information 1668 - 1817;
information regarding the Waldron - Black Tomahawk Controversy and the Status of
"Mixed Bloods" among the Teton Sioux.

   30. Emerson Elk, Fred Sitting Up, Bill Means, Shawn Bordeaux, and Sam Mato:
Indigenous identity theft is taking place through academic colonialism,
legislation, agency rule making, and other activities.

   31. Oahe Landowners Board of Directors: Inadequate compensation for the
dispossession of indigenous lands as part of the Oahe Dam and Reservoir Project.

   32. Cante Wanjila: Inability of Native Americans incarcerated in federal,
state and private prisons to freely practise their traditional religions without
discrimination, harassment, indifference and racial profiling.

   33. Ihanktonwan Treaty Steering Committee: Continued interest in the seven
treaties the tribe has with the federal government; lack of consultation by the
United States Government regarding the Keystone XL Pipeline Project, poor
groundwater quality due to uranium mining; mismanagement of tribal lands by the
Government; land dispossession.

   34. National Boarding School Healing Project: Information regarding the
experiences of American Indians attending boarding schools during the years of
1920 to 1960 in the northern plains region; accounts of emotional, physical and
sexual abuse and neglect of children and separation from families and
communities.

   35. Native American Women's Health Education Resource Center: Native American
and Alaska Native women are often denied due process within courts and health
care services following a sexual assault; denial of health services based on
race; need for improved standard of care for sexual assault victims, including
the collection of forensic evidence to assist with the prosecution process.

   36. Bryce in the Woods: Historical overview of Lakota economic system and
secretarial orders regarding Cheyenne River Sioux Tribe lands.

   37. Chief Arvol Looking Horse and Indigenous Elders and Medicine Peoples:
Call for United States Government to acknowledge indigenous peoples' right to
self-determination, respect their religious and cultural practices, and include
indigenous peoples in consultation and decision-making processes.

   38. International Indian Treaty Council: Failure of the United States
Government to fully accept the rights to self-determination and free, prior and
informed consent of indigenous peoples; importance of implementation of
Committee for the Elimination of Racial Discrimination concluding observations
regarding the Western Shoshone indigenous peoples and nuclear testing, toxic and
dangerous waste storage and other activities carried out in areas of spiritual
or cultural significance to indigenous peoples; the United Nations Declaration
as a  [*95]  framework for a "new jurisdiction" for redress of treaty
violations; proposed language to strengthen and recognize treaty rights within
the proposed American Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples.

   39. President of the Rosebud Sioux Tribe: Non-consultation by state and
federal authorities regarding the development of the Keystone XL Pipeline
Project; treaty breach of the 1851 and 1868 Fort Laramie Treaty; loss of lands
due to the General Allotment Act 1887; call for improved implementation of the
United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples.

   40. Rosebud Sioux Tribe member: Concerns regarding Indian health-care
services, home energy costs, the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program
(SNAP), and the Keystone XL Pipeline Project.

   41. Owe Aku (Bring Back the Way): Environmental degradation caused by
uranium, oil and gas development; lack of free, prior and informed consent;
treaty violations by the United States Government; genocide by the Government in
Lakota homelands.

   42. Oglala Sioux Tribe: Infringement on treaty lands by construction and
operation of Keystone XL Pipeline Project; negative environmental consequences
if the pipeline is constructed and operated; provided several resolutions from
native nations and organizations opposing the Keystone XL Pipeline Project.

   43. Chief Iron Eagle, Nakota Sioux Fire: Working to address issues related to
treaty rights for the Nakota people.

   44. Standing Rock Sioux Tribe:


     . Resolution opposing the original route of the development of the
     Keystone XL Pipeline Project through the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe
     aboriginal homelands and the new proposed route through the Lakota
     Homelands.
     . Obstruction of the right to education; need to improve intellectual
     development of Lakota children.

   45. Sicangu Lakota Nation: Complex federal and state laws and regulations
negatively affect tribal sovereignty and hinder economic development of
indigenous peoples.

   46. Chief Oliver Red Cloud: Taking of lands after the ratification of the
1868 Fort Laramie Treaty; Indian Reorganization Act promoted colonialism and
assimilation of Native Americans.

   47. Lakota Rose LaPlante: South Dakota Department of Social Service is in
non-compliance with the Indian Child Welfare Act.

   48. International Native Indian Programs Incorporated (INIPI): Alleged misuse
of funds on the Pine Ridge Reservation.

   49. Cante Tenza Okolakiciye - Strong Heart Warrior Society, Free &
Independent Lakota Nation and Elders: Call for the United States Government to
investigate alleged graft and corruption within the Oglala Sioux Tribal
Government as well as elder abuse by Oglala Sioux tribal members.

    [*96]  50. Unites Sioux Tribes Development Corporation: Difficulties with
gaming compacts and tribal-state relations.

   51. Mniwakhanwozu Oyate: Presentation is in his native language, with
attachment of an article of Sinte Gleksa University hosting the Special
Rapporteur on the rights of indigenous peoples.

   52. Sheryl Lightfoot (Ojibwe): United States Government qualified support for
the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples appears to be
an active process of self-exemption and a pre-emptive strike against
implementation that preserves the status quo while also offering some relief
from transnational and domestic political pressure.

   53. Lawrence Swallow: Indian Reorganization Act constitutions do not reflect
culture or identity of indigenous peoples; inadequate management of land claims;
physical abuse of children.

Oklahoma and South-Central region (including submissions at Tulsa consultation)

   54. Lipan Apache Band of Texas: Community members of El Calaboz Rancheria are
harassed by United States Government agents working along the United States -
Mexico border; lack of free, prior and informed consent regarding seizure and
destruction traditional rancheria lands.

   55. Osage Indians: Wrongful transfer of headrights in the Osage Mineral Trust
to non-Indians and corporations.

   56. United Keetoowah Band of Cherokee: Overview of the Western/Arkansas
Cherokee people; current status of the United Keetoowah Band of Cherokees, the
band's history, and how it has staved off termination attempts.

   57. Kickapoo Tribe of Oklahoma: Difficulties of tribal members in obtaining a
1-872 card and using the card for entry into the United States; need to protect
and respect Native American religious practices, customs, and observances;
encroachment of urban areas on wildlife habitat that inhibits hunting and
gathering; delays in placing newly acquired tribally owned lands into trust
status.

   58. Sac and Fox Nation: Refusal by the Department of the Interior to
acknowledge the rights granted to the Nation through their Federal Corporate
Charter undermines self-determination; proposed pump station for the Keystone XL
Pipeline Project threatens water sources and gravesites; violation of Native
American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act by the state of Pennsylvania.

   59. Tusekia Harjo Band of the Seminole Nation of Oklahoma: Outlines the
negative effects of discrimination on the social conditions of American Indians;
many Indians have lost faith in law enforcement and justice systems in Indian
Country; mistreatment of Indians in state and federal courts; need to implement
United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples as a means to end
discrimination.

    [*97]  60. Muscogee (Creek) Nation representative: Unequal treatment in
economic for opportunities inhibits economic development, which is connected to
social, political and legal issues for Muscogee (Creek) Nation.

   61. Cherokee Nation representative: Tribal courts are not afforded the same
respect as federal and state courts; tribal court judges and justices are viewed
and treated with less esteem than their federal and state counterparts.

   62. Executive Director Choctaw/Cherokee: Federal recognition is a flawed and
arbitrary process with the primary objective being forced assimilation.

   63. Chickasaw Nation Department of Justice: Compacting with the United States
as one of the original "demonstration" tribes with Indian Health Services proved
to be a positive and empowering experience in self-governance; recent challenges
to tribal self governance by federal and state agencies; protection of natural
resources; and litigation connected to water rights agreements.

   64. Euchee (Yuchi) Tribe: Tribe is not federally recognized but is trying to
gain federal recognition, which it sees as critical to its self-determination.

   65. Principal Chief Cherokee Nation: Department of the Interior adoption of a
tribal consultation policy; resolution of longstanding breach of Indian Trust
lawsuits; national criminal justice training program; preservation and
revitalization of native languages; ongoing problems, including violence against
indigenous women.

   66. Prairie Band Potawatomi: State taxation of Native American veterans
domiciled in Indian Country violates the Soldiers and Sailors Civil Relief Act
of 1940.

   67. Descendants of the Sand Creek Massacre: Call for the United States
Government to make reparations in connection to the 1864 Sand Creek Massacre
near Fort Lyon, Colorado.

   68. Gregory Bigler (Tribal Court Judge): Lack of jurisdiction over
non-Indians; jurisdiction questions over activities within the Tribes'/Nations'
territory; inability to craft solutions for some criminal and certain juvenile
cases due to limited resources.

69. Walter R. Echo-Hawk (Chief Justice for the Supreme Court of the Kickapoo
Tribe of Oklahoma; Justice of the Supreme Court of the Pawnee Nation): Discusses
multiple aspects of federal Indian law and policy that require strengthening or
could benefit from reform in light of the U.N. Declaration on the Rights of
Indigenous Peoples.

   70. Haskell Indian Nations University Student Senate: Chronic underfunding
undermines Native American education and institutions; call for improved federal
support for Native American education.

   71. Wetlands Preservation Organization: Development threatens the Wakarusa
Wetlands; forced relocation of plants and animals creates an environmental and
social threat.

   72. Ponca Tribe Business Committee: Pollutants from the Continental Carbon
Company facility in Ponca City, Oklahoma continued to interfere, with the Ponca
peoples' health and the use of their property.

    [*98]  73. National Indian Youth Council (Dr. Kay McGowan): Governments,
including the United States, that have systematically used boarding school
programmes to diminish their indigenous populations and the need to
systematically redress the damage of such programmes.

   74. Indigenous Environment Network: Overview of difficulties involved in
living in the modern world and yet staying rooted to tradition, particularly in
light of continuing racism toward Indians and development of the Keystone XL
Pipeline Project, which threatens archaeological and historical sites.

   75. Tribal Towns of the Muscogee (Creek) Nation (Hickory Grounds): Making
efforts to protect, preserve and maintain sacred historical sites in the
aboriginal homelands of the Muscogee people.

   76. Ponca Tribe of Oklahoma member: Provided information regarding treaties
with the United States beginning in 1858 and 1865, which ceded thousands of
acres of land.

Pacific Northwest region (including submission at Portland consultation)

   77. Columbia River Intertribal Fish Commission: Importance of the Columbia
River and its fish population to Northwest Coastal Indians is reinforced by a
map showing the various native peoples associated with the river.

   78. Snoqualmie Tribal Elder: Violations of Snoqualmie tribal member's civil
and human rights due to banishment from the tribe and lack of due process.

   79. Métis Consulting, LLC: Métis descendants excluded from consultation and
planning process regarding Fort Vancouver Barracks Transfer; continued
occupation by the United States Army and U.S. National Park Service of Metis
traditional lands that were confiscated in 1846.

   80. National Indian Child Welfare Association: Current national trends in
American Indian and Alaska Native child welfare policy and practice;
disproportionate rate of American Indian and Alaska Native children in United
States state foster care systems.

   81. Seattle Human Rights Commission: Poor social and economic conditions of
Seattle urban Indian populations include high rates of accidental deaths,
diabetes, liver disease, alcohol-related deaths, infant mortality, poverty,
homelessness and lower education achievement.

   82. City of Seattle Native American Employees Association (CANOES): Violence
against native women is a serious concern in the Pacific Northwest as women have
very few resources aimed at preventing such violence or assisting victims of
violence.

   83. Honor the Earth /1000 Nations: Lack of compliance with essential elements
of the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous peoples undermines
sacred sites protection and religious freedoms; militarization of Indian
Country.

    [*99]  84. Cowlitz Tribe: Efforts to consolidate their land base and engage
in economic development opportunities following their "restoration" to federal
recognition, having previously been terminated during the 1950s.

   85. Makah Tribe Chairman: Barriers to indigenous management of natural
resources, especially marine resources; need to integrate tribal governments
into higher levels of natural resource management at federal level, especially
energy, land and ocean management.

Southwest region (including submissions at Tucson consultation)

   86. San Carlos Apache Tribe representative: Opposition to a land exchange
process that would facilitate mining in the Oak Flat area in Arizona's Tonto
National Forest, a region that has cultural, social, religious and political
significance to for the Apache and other indigenous peoples.

   87. Chairman of the Tohono O'odham Nation: Increased border security and
other restrictive measures have made travel difficult across the United States -
Mexico border for tribal members and restricted freedom of movement; and the
proposed Rosemont Copper mine threatens cultural and archaeological sites
containing numerous funerary and sacred objects.

   88. Gente de l'ioti, A.C.: Tohono O'odham Nation exercise of the right to
self-determination is severely restricted by the presence of United States
federal agents on the Nation's main reservation; the United States Customs and
Border Patrol regularly violate the rights of indigenous peoples that reside in
near the United States - Mexico border.

   89. Tohono O'odham (Mexico): The Tohono O'odham peoples in Mexico and the
United States were separated by metal barriers installed by the United States
Government without consultation; the Department of Homeland Security fails to
recognize the right of indigenous people to freely enter and exit the Tohono
O'odham reservation.

   90. Individual from Tohono O'odham: Deaths of immigrants crossing on Tohono
O'odham Nation; access to water as a human right.

   91. O'odham Voice Against the Wall: Failure to adequately recognize and
protect the human rights of indigenous peoples whose communities span the United
States - Mexico border.

   92. Leonard Peltier Defense Offense Committee: Concerns regarding the health,
safety and reintegration of Leonard Peltier.

   93. Keepers of the Secret (from Havasupai Tribe): Current ban on uranium
mining does not protect Havasupai territory and drinking water sources.

   94. Navajo Nation Office of the Vice President: The goal of the Navajo Nation
is to develop an educational system that endorses Navajo culture by sustaining
the language while promoting academic success; the Navajo nation is moving
forward to create and operate a school system specifically designed to meet the
needs of Navajo students despite disparities among the funding levels for state
and private education systems and the Navajo Nation education system.

    [*100]  95. Navajo Nation Human Rights Commission: The United States
frequently allows for the desecration and economic exploitation of indigenous
peoples' sacred sites, including the San Francisco Peaks located in Flagstaff,
Arizona for the benefit on non-indigenous peoples, business owners and the
non-indigenous public to the detriment of indigenous peoples.

   96. Navajo Nation Corrections Project and International Indian Treaty
Council: High rate of Native Americans incarcerated in state and federal
prisons; Native peoples are often denied access to traditional religious and
spiritual ceremonies and services while incarcerated; wrongful conviction and
prosecutorial misconduct of Leonard Peltier.

   97. Dine' bi Siihasin: Mismanagement of housing programmes in the Navajo
Nation result in discrimination and oppression.

   98. Chihene Nde Nation: Due to lack of federal recognition, the tribe is
having great difficulty protecting sacred and ancient sites from being excavated
and looted.

   99. Pueblo of Laguna: Indigenous transmission of knowledge to future
generations is difficult without access to traditional lands, language and
cultural practices; uranium mining has contaminated water sources and threatens
many sacred sites.

   100. Nahuacalli and Tonatierra Project: Rights of indigenous peoples are
threatened by Arizona Senate Bill 1070, the North American Free Trade Agreement,
and the Doctrine of Discovery.

   101. Native American Church of North America, Inc.: Concerns regarding health
and sustainability of naturally occurring peyote in peyote gardens; reoccurring
issues for peyote users and harvesters include wrongful arrest, confiscation,
prejudicial treatment in family custody cases, and discrimination in employment.

   102. Native American Directions: The Tucson Unified School District's Mexican
American Studies program is a good example how a school district should reflect
the community that it serves.

   103. Indigenous Elders and Medicine Peoples Council: A recent report
regarding the USDA Forest Service Policies and Procedures fails to provide
meaningful and effective direction for the development of policies for the
protection of indigenous sacred sites.

   104. Indigenous Youth Experience Council: United States Government has
statutory and treaty obligations as well as standing agreements to protect the
sacred places of indigenous peoples.

   105. National Congress of American Indians: Importance of "Carcieri Fix" to
restore the benefits provided by the Indian Reorganization Act and to remove the
uncertainty surrounding development and strategic planning in Indian Country;
support for reform of federal surface leasing regulations for American Indian
lands; important that tribes have equal access to states of all programmes.

   106. Indian Law Resource Center, National Congress of American Indians Task
Force on Violence Against Women, National Indigenous Women's Resource Center,
Inc., and Clan Star, Inc.: Violence against American Indian and Alaska  [*101]
Native women and girls in the United States has reached epidemic levels in
Indian Country and Alaska Native villages.

   107. Morning Star Institute: Hundreds of Native American sacred places,
heritage languages and cultures are endangered; Native Americans encounter
serious barriers when attempting to exercise their cultural rights.

   108. Inter Tribal Council of Arizona: Mining in the Oak Flat area will result
in the destruction of sacred sites, notably mining in any part of the ecosystem
will negatively affect the religious and cultural integrity of the area as a
whole.

   109. Black Mesa United-Dzilijiin Bee Ahota, Inc. (BMU-DzBA): Strip mining and
related activities threaten Black Mesa, a sacred mountain, and area drinking
water sources.

   110. Intemational Council of Thirteen Indigenous Grandmothers: Mining
threatens the survival of indigenous cultures, contaminates soil and drinking
water; government, financial institutions and decision-making bodies should have
better implementation of free, prior and informed consent with regard to
indigenous peoples.

   111. Representative of boarding school survivors, Leo Killsback: Boarding
schools and forced assimilation created historical trauma that is now imbedded
in the contemporary lives of Native Americans.

   112. Tewa Women United: Extractive industry threaten natural resources
including water, air and land in New Mexico; Historical Document Retrieval and
Assessment Project document.

   113. Honor Our Pueblo Existence: Indigenous peoples in the Southwest region
of the United States live in the shadow of a violent culture created by
Government and military projects to research, develop, and manufacture weapons
of mass destruction.

   114. Black Mesa Water Coalition: Department of the Interior has a trust
responsibility to indigenous communities to protect drinking water sources.

   115. Individual from Navajo reservation: Need to protect indigenous peoples'
right to water.

   116. Wooden Shoe People representative: Working to bring attention to the
non-binding apology to Native Americans on behalf of the citizens of the United
States that was included in the 2010 Department of Defense Appropriations Bill.

   117. Pueblo of Jemez, New Mexico: The Jemez Pueblo has never ceded or
abandoned the Indian title to the Valles Caldera, which is critically important
to the group for both spiritual and resource reasons. Jemez Pueblo has never
been compensated for the taking of these lands by the United States.

   118. National Indian Youth Council:


     . The contemporary legal framework for prosecuting domestic violence
     in Indian Country is in adequate; tribes need criminal and full civil
     jurisdiction over non-Indian offenders in order to protect Native
     women against violence;
     . Urban Indians are frequently landholders of allotments, and given
     current emphasis on extractive industries, mineral extraction, and
     [*102]  energy policy, off and near reservation Indian are affected by
     on-reservation policymaking; and
     . United States Government consistently ignores urban Indians
     generally, and in the following areas, specifically: the right to
     participation, violence against women, cultural and spiritual issues,
     education and related services, and person sovereignty.

   119. Forgotten People organization:


     . Failures of the United States Government to remediate conditions in
     the Hopi Partition Land and the area affected by the Bennett Freeze,
     which was lifted in 2009 with inadequate funding for rehabilitation or
     the protection of water rights;
     . Mental, physical and psychological trauma resulting from the Bennett
     Freeze including youth suicide and mental illness;
     . Expropriation of land and for energy resource exploitation;
     . Health and remediation issues related to uranium mining on the
     Navajo Nation;
     . Land and animal confiscation;
     . Extractive industries and the contamination of water sources and
     high rates of cancer and contamination resulting from abandoned
     uranium mines;
     . Destruction of spiritual and sacred sites on Black Mesa as the
     result of mining;
     . Forced relocation of the people from Black Mesa has resulted in the
     inability to practise traditional religion, which is based on a
     spiritual relationship with ancestral lands;
     . Threats to indigenous peoples while they are attempting to protect
     burial and sacred sites; destruction of sacred sites; and
     . Opposition to Senate Bill 2109 /House Resolution 4067, Little
     Colorado River Water Rights Settlement and its potential benefits for
     the Navajo Generating Station (NGS) owners and Peabody Coal Company;
     settlement grants a waiver without redress for past, present and
     future contamination of our water sources.


Alaska (including submissions at Anchorage consultation)

   120. Native Village of Point Hope: Importance of accessibility to subsistence
resources including whales, seals, polar bears and fish; negative repercussions
of military activities and radiation on village population and wildlife; high
poverty rates and substance abuse in area.

   121. Alaska--Hawaii Alliance for Self Determination: Self-determination for
Native Alaska and Hawaiian peoples; government and corporate practices are
abusive toward indigenous natural resources and cultural practices.

    [*103]  122. Chugachmiut Tribal Consortium: High rate of suicide among
Alaska Natives; intergenerational stress and related long-term consequences on
children and communities.

   123. Indian Law Resource Center: Legal barriers regarding violence against
Native American and Alaska Native women include the lack of jurisdiction over
non-Indians, lack of adequate response to violence against Alaska Native women
due to jurisdictional limitations created by United States law, and
ramifications of Public Law 280.

   124. Native Village of Eklutna: Need to balance subsistence needs of
indigenous peoples with development of urban areas in Alaska.

   125. Akiak Native Community and Akiak IRA Council: Restrictions on king
salmon fishing inhibit families and elders from gathering a sufficient fish
supply for the winter; confusing fishing regulations hinder some indigenous
peoples from harvesting fish.

   126. Yupiit Nation, Akiak Native Community: The Alaska Native Claims
Settlement Act restricts traditional fishing activities; request for
Congressional hearings to examine high rates of suicide, domestic violence,
sexual assault, accidental death, and health issues in Alaska Native
communities.

   127. l[#xF1]upiat Community of the Arctic Slope: Maps of Arctic Slope area;
proposed oil and gas exploration development; information about possible oil
spill in Arctic Ocean.

   128. Kenaitze Indian Tribe Community members:


     . Status of Alaska Native peoples is distinct from indigenous peoples
     in the contiguous United States; Alaska Natives must be afforded
     rights of self-determination and self-government.
     . The United States provided false and misleading information
     regarding the United Nations list of Non-Self-Governing Territories.

   129. NANA Regional Corporation: Importance of the Declaration on the Rights
of Indigenous Peoples and the promotion of indigenous rights domestically; need
to protect and promote subsistence activities at the federal and state levels;
Kuskokwim river king salmon closure places severe stress on the food security of
Yupiit households in the region; economic barriers to rural economic
development; diminishing population of indigenous language speakers.

   130. Alaska Native and Indigenous Faculty Council: Significant disparities
exist between Alaska Natives and other Alaskans.

   131. Ahtna, Inc.: Ongoing adverse land title and subsistence disputes are
exacerbated by differential enforcement of property laws and a lack of
enforcement of trespass laws.

   132. Sealaska Corporation: The equitable settlement of Native land claims is
fundamentally an issue of Native rights, but also of job fairness and
self-determination; the importance to pursue subsistence activities, both to
preserve aspects of culture and to ensure food security; the legal framework
governing  [*104]  subsistence in Alaska significantly hampers the ability of
Alaska Natives to access their traditional foods.

   133. Native Village of Paimiut, Yupiaq: Alaska Natives Commission: Final
Report, Volume I, Anchorage, Alaska (May 1994).

   134. Occupy Bearing Sea: Commercial fishing is having damaging effects on
native fishing practices; North Pacific Fisheries Management Council needs to
enact policies to protect native fishing.

   135. Yup'ik Eskimo Dillingham community member: Pebble Mine Project will have
devastating consequences on the Bristol Bay cultural landscape and salmon stocks
used for subsistence harvest.

   136. Atmautluak Traditional Council: Call to the Special Rapporteur on the
rights of indigenous peoples to review the denial of the right to
self-determination regarding the situation of Alaska and Hawaii.

   137. Native Village of Unalakleet community member: Off-shore oil and gas
development threatens indigenous communities that rely on marine mammals and
fish as primary sources of food; flooding and erosion related to climate change;
lack of education; high suicide rates; and lack of self-government.

   138. Alaska Federation of Natives: Need for food security is a basic human
right and a vital part of Alaska indigenous cultures; provided information
regarding way to empower indigenous people to have an active and meaningful role
in issues that affect them.

   139. Chickaloon Village Traditional Council; Chickaloon Native Village:
Proposed Usibelli coal mine threatens indigenous lands and culture.

   140. Chickaloon Village community members:


     . Negative effects of Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act on
     indigenous families and culture.
     . Education at the Ya Ne Dah Ah school includes traditional Athabascan
     culture, history, language in addition to math, reading, and writing
     while creating relationships between elders and young people of the
     village.
     . Importance of language in Athabascan culture, tradition and
     spirituality.
     . Indigenous lands and watersheds that support salmon habitat should
     be protected from the negative effects of coal mining and related
     activities.
     . Concern regarding environmental degradation and mental health issues
     related to the proposed coal mine.
     . Mental health of village residents is not being adequately
     considered under the Rapid Health Impact Assessment of the Wishbone
     Hill Coal Mining Project.
     . Importance of several rivers and creeks in area to indigenous
     peoples including Moose Creek, Buffalo Creek, Eska Creek, Chickaloon
     and King rivers.
      [*105]  . Federal Indian law and the Alaska Native Claims Settlement
     Act have undermined efforts of Alaskan tribes to realize
     self-determination, to promote native education, and to assert tribal
     sovereignty.

   141. Second International Indigenous Women's Symposium on Environmental and
Reproductive Health:


     . Gwich'in Arctic Village; Venetie Tribal Government, Alaska;
     Resistance of Environmental Destruction on Indigenous Lands (REDOIL):
     Tribal challenges to oil and mining industries; right to a healthy
     environment; need to protect environment and traditional food
     resources, particularly caribou.
     . Gwich'in Steering Committee: Importance of Arctic National Wildlife
     Refuge and the Porcupine Caribou Herd for the Gwich'in Nation who are
     a remote and traditional people; threats to communities from oil and
     gas development.
     . Resistance of Environmental Destruction on Indigenous Lands
     (REDOIL): Dramatic increase in respiratory ailments in native
     communities has occurred due to industrial activities, particularly
     mining.
     . International Indian Treaty Council; North -- South Indigenous
     Network Against Pesticides; Indigenous Women's Environmental and
     Reproductive Health Initiative; and the Native Village of Savoonga:
     Negative effects of environmental toxins on the health, well-being,
     and cultures of indigenous peoples particularly indigenous women,
     children and future generations; framework for assessing United States
     laws, policies and practices regarding the production, use export, and
     disposal and dumping of environmental toxins.
     . Elim Students Against Urainium: Uranium exploratory activities
     damaging effects on the Tubutulik River and Norton Bay watersheds.
     . Importance of traditional medicine and how it can be used to achieve
     better physical and mental health for Alaskan Natives.
     . Alaska Inter-Tribal Council: Expression of political will by
     Atmautluak Traditional Council and Native Village of St. Michael to be
     reinstated to the list of non-self-governing territories.
     . Native Youth Sexual Health Network: Indigenous peoples and HIV in
     the United States; suicide rates among indigenous youth; detention and
     incarceration of indigenous youth; child apprehension; violence
     against indigenous women.
     . Native American Women's Health Education Resource Center: Roundtable
     report on the accessibility of Plan B as an over the counter (OTC)
     within Indian Health Services.

    [*106]  142. Curyung Tribal Council and community members:


     . Background and history of Curyung tribe; value of subsistence;
     . Information regarding the proposed Pebble Mine Project; risks of
     Pebble Mine Project; potential negative effects of oil spills;
     . Efforts by the tribe regarding environmental and economic issues,
     particularly preservation of populations of marine resources;
     . Tribal resolutions that provide for protection of the Bristol Bay
     watershed; tribal resolution to re-instate Alaska to the list of
     Non-Self-Governing Territories; and
     . Pebble Partnership Report; Bristol Bay Regional Vision Statement;
     and the Environmental Protection Agency Bristol Bay Watershed
     Assessment.

   143. Nunamta Aulukestai: Potential harm regarding with offshore drilling in
the Bristol Bay region; risks to regional indigenous peoples, wildlife and
natural resources from the Pebble Mine Project; environmental reports regarding
the Pebble Mine Project; and information regarding opposition to the Pebble Mine
Project.

   144. Bristol Bay Native Corporation: Information on Pebble Mine Project;
Bristol Bay Native Corporation opposition to Pebble Mine Project; concerns
regarding unacceptable environmental effects of the project; and information
regarding the importance of responsible resource development.

   145. Bristol Bay Vision: Report that documents a yearlong effort by the
residents of Bristol Bay to create a vision for their schools and community.

   146. Atmautluak Traditional Council: Resolution declaring the tribe's
sovereignty.

   147. Knugank Tribe: The tribe was omitted from the list of federally
recognized tribes in 1993, which inhibits efforts to promote sovereignty and the
exercise the right to self-govern; and the inability of the tribe to gain title
to a traditional cemetery.

   148. Qutekcak Tribe: As a result of historical circumstances and
administrative errors, Qutekcak Native Community has not been allowed federal
recognition.

   149. Knikatnu, Inc.: Concerns regarding the proposed Susitna -- Watana
Hydroelectric Project, No. 14241; concerns regarding wildlife management and
declining wildlife populations in Alaska and effects on indigenous peoples.

   150. Alaska Native Tribal Health Consortium: The Southeast Alaska Regional
Suicide Prevention Task Force is developing coping strategies to reduce the high
rate of suicide among Alaska Natives.

 [*107]  California

   151. La Cuna de Aztlan Sacred Sites Protection Circle: Development of solar
power projects threatens sacred sites in Eastern Riverside and San Bernardino
counties.

   152. Kawaiisu Tribe of Tejon, Kawaiisu National Council: Lack of recognition
and treaty breach contribute to the tribe's inability to exercise its right to
full and effective participation in matters related to culture, land and
territories; tribe opposes corporate ownership of grave goods, artifacts and
cultural sites.

   153. American Indian Rights and Resources Organization (Temecula Indians):
Damaging effects of disenrollment, banishment, and denial of tribal membership,
including exclusion from participation in regularly schedule elections for the
Tribal Council.

   154. Tosobol Clan (Temecula Indians): Allottee disenrollment and membership
results in denial of access to housing, education, and health assistance;
banishment and exclusion are barriers to accessing on-reservation allotments.

   155. Sherwood Valley Rancheria: Opposes certain aspects of the Marine Life
Protection Act (MLPA), which places restrictions and regulations on the
gathering of native foods including seaweed, abalone, smelt and salmon along the
coastline.

   156. Nuumu Yadoha Language Program (Hupa Mattole Indian): Lack of recognition
has negative consequences on health and education programmes for small
California Indian groups.

   157. T[#xFC]batulabal Tribal Chairwomen: Certain tribes in California that
have allotment lands and are seeking federal recognition; state government has
created a definition for "California Native American Tribes" that includes both
federally and non-federally recognized tribes.

   158. Winnemem Wintu Tribe: Tribe is unable to conduct a spiritual ceremony
for young girls due to refusal by the U.S. Forest Service to effectuate a
mandatory closure of a small section of the McCloud River.

   159. InterTribal Sinkyone Wilderness Council: The Marine Life Protection Act
(MLPA) is an example of a successful collaboration between the state of
California and North Coast Indian Tribes developing regulations that will
protect the continuation of traditional tribal gathering, harvesting and fishing
in designated marine protected areas outside of reservation lands.

   160. California Traditional Basket Weavers: Information about the traditional
methods of basket weaving by Native Californians; traditional basket weavers and
their children suffer from health conditions caused by high levels of mercury in
the water and soil of California's Central Valley

   161. Juane[#xF1]o Band of California Mission Indians: Ineligibility of
members of terminated tribes to direct health care from Indian Health Services,
educational scholarships and other benefits directed by the United States for
the welfare and advancement of Indian people.

   162. Viejas Band of Kumeyaay Indians: Lack of consultation regarding the
proposed development of wind farm; proposed construction of industrial-seized
[*108]  wind turbines on lands traditionally used and occupied by area tribes
that are home to sacred sites and burial grounds.

   163. Basket Weavers In Action and Indigenous Youth Foundation; California
Traditional Basket Weavers: Indigenous people in California suffer from serious
health problems caused by exposure toxins, pollutants and pesticides in areas
where Tule reeds are gathered for basket making.

   164. AIM -- WEST: Indigenous peoples in the United States face challenges to
protecting sacred sites, as well as the ability to exercise the freedom of
religion; hate crimes and violence against Native women, the insensitive use of
American Indians as mascots in sports images, and team names by non-native
schools, and imprisonment of Leonard Peltier.

Hawaii

   165. Indigenous Peoples and Nations: Importance of self-determination for
Alaska and Hawaiian Natives.

   166. Commission on the Restitution of the Hawaiian Government in Exile:
Resolution calling for fact finding commission on the political status of Hawaii
to compel the United States to fulfill its treaty obligations to the Hawaiian
people and to the United Nations.

   167. Indigenous Hawaiian individuals: Native Hawaiians experience loss of
traditional lands, territories and culture; The plight of native Hawaiian people
as presented in a short documentary film: occupation of the Hawaiian Islands;
justification for Hawaiian self-governance and self-determination.

   168. Koani Foundation - Ke Aupuni O Hawaii: Joint resolution of political
will of the people of the Hawaiian islands asserting the international legal and
political status of the Hawaiian Islands; Hawaiian Sovereignty Elections Council
Report.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Constitutional LawCongressional Duties & PowersCommerce ClauseInterstate
CommerceProhibition of CommerceInternational Trade LawGeneral OverviewPublic
Health & Welfare LawSocial ServicesNative Americans

FOOTNOTES:





n1  U.S. Census Bureau, the American Indian and Alaska Native Population: 2012,
pages 1, 3





n2  House Committee of Indian Affairs, 73rd Cong., 2nd sess., Hearings on
Readjustment of Indian Affairs (1934), p. 21.





n3  H.Cong.Res. 108, 3d Cong., 1st Sess., 67 Stat. B137 (1953).





n4  H.R.Doc. No. 91-363, 91st Cong., 2d Sess. (July 8, 1970).





n5  National Center for Education Statistics (2008). Statistical Trends in the
Education of American Indians and Alaska Natives. Washington, DC: US Department
of Education.





n6  Life expectancy is 5.2 years less than the national average, and death rates
are higher from tuberculosis (500% higher), alcoholism (514% higher), diabetes
(177% higher), unintentional injuries (140% higher), homicide (92% higher) and
suicide (82% higher). U.S. Dept. of Health and Human Services,
http://www.ihs.gov/PublicAffairs/IHSBrochure/Disparities.asp.





n7  U.S. Census Bureau Fact Sheet, American Indian and Alaska Native Heritage
Month: November 2011;
http://www.census.gov/newsroom/releases/archives/facts_for_features_special_edit
ions/cb11-ff22.html.





n8  Steven W. Perry, American Indians and Crime - A Bureau of Justice Statistics
Statistical Profile 1992-2002, Department of Justice, Office of Justice
Programs, December 2004.





n9  See, e.g., A/HRC/17/26/Add.5, paras. 62 - 66.





n10  Perry, supra, p. v.





n11  U.S. Depart of Justice, Office of Justice Programs, Full Report of the
Prevalence, Incidence and Consequences of Violence Against Women, Nov. 2000, p.
22 & 60; https://www.ncjrs.gov/pdffiles1/nij/183781.pdf.





n12  A/HRC/18/35.Add.1, Annex X, and A/HRC/19/44.





n13  See Nevada v. Hicks, 533 U.S. 353 (2001).





n14  See Carcieri v. Salazar, 129 S.Ct. 1058 (2009).





n15  Public Law 103-150, 103d Congress Joint Resolution 19 (1993).





n16  H.R. 3326 (111th): Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2010.





n17  See A/HRC/9/9, paras. 18-43.


                               22 of 75 DOCUMENTS



                        The Burke Gazette (South Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                November 9, 2011

USDA To Change With The Times

BYLINE: The Burke Gazette staff

LENGTH: 849  words


People in South Dakota are a savvy bunch. But, in the midst of the current
economic situation, many are left wondering about what the national priorities
and South Dakota's should be. There are so many competing messages -If we don't
do this or we do that there will be dire consequences... but what can we do to
promote economic growth and create jobs?

We know that these are hard economic times and our federal debt must be reduced.
And we know that the federal budget is undergoing a lot of scrutiny and there
are never-ending arguments and a lot of pressure to downsize and cut the budgets
of federal agencies.

USDA is under the same pressure and, at the same time, President Obama wants his
leadership in every agency to prioritize - focus on programs that can enhance
job creation. For USDA Rural Development that is a tough task.

Do we cut our Business and Cooperative Programs which include our Business and
Industry loan guarantees or Rural Development's other business programs?
Certainly not! These programs directly support business creation and expansion -
in South Dakota we funded over $amp;15 million - over 67 total loans or grants -
created or saved nearly 1,000 jobs.

Well, then what about our Water and Waste Water Environmental programs? We all
know that without adequate infrastructure, none of our rural communities would
be viable - let alone thrive. In South Dakota, Rural Development funded over
$amp;43 million for water and waste water improvements/expansions which helped
serve over 12,500 rural users.

How about our Community Facilities programs? These finance fire stations and
fire trucks; they help to build hospitals and nursing homes, school, etc. We
funded projects totaling nearly $amp;22.5 million in 19 rural communities last
year - much needed projects in any South Dakota community.

What about our broadband programs? We can't cut this because for a rural town or
rural people this has become a life line to everything, especially to markets
for products. Rural Development invested $amp;109 million in South Dakota. And
don't forget that we finance the rural electric cooperatives to expand and
improve our electric systems. Also, included in this program are our Distance
Learning arid Telemedicine grants which Avera Health has successfully utilized
to help communities such as Flandreau, Tyndall, and Platte allow rural people
access to the best health care available through eEmergency, ePharmacy, and
elCU, as well as other services. But, this is not about health care -this is
about economic development. This allows people to stay in their communities
close to families and friends, keeps the health care jobs in the local
communities, which those employees then purchase goods and services at home.

So, back to figuring out what RD's priorities should be - That leaves our
housing programs potentially on the chopping block -on the face of it - building
a house does not create many jobs or have much of an economic impact. But that
was not what we heard at a recent White House Business Roundtable that was held
in August in Howard, SD where there were many business and economic development
leaders - a good two-thirds said that housing, or lack of, was the most critical
obstacle to their community's growth. This was not first time I had heard this
from community leaders - in fact many communities are taking steps to build
houses without first having a buyer, banks are taking the initiative in some
communities. USDA/Rural development is only one of many federal agencies that
are trying to reduce its budget. States are also faced with trimming budgets of
important agencies. Of course, education is one area that seems to be first to
be identified for cuts - not seen as essential to economic development. In my
view and that of many others, investment in our youth is as important as
investing in our communities. President Obama's has laid out some of the
challenges America faces as we compete with nations across the globe to win the
future. The President's vision is simple. We need to be a nation that
out-innovates, outeducates and out-builds the rest of the world.

Although they can go unnoticed, USDA Rural Development programs are providing
support that may otherwise be unavailable--but is absolutely necessary for
communities to grow and thrive. Creating vibrant, economically sustainable
communities is like solving a jigsaw puzzle. Success depends on interlocking
pieces supplied by local residents, leaders, businesses and institutions. And
where gaps exist, USDA programs can be an important tool to provide linkage and
fill the gaps to make the picture complete. USDA is proud to invest in our small
towns, to help create jobs, support economic growth and build thriving
communities where folks want to live, work, raise their families.

For information about USDA Rural Development housing, business or community
development programs, please contact any one of the USDA Rural Development
offices located in Aberdeen, Mitchell, Pierre, Rapid City, Sioux Falls,
Watertovvn and Yankton or visit our web site at www.rurdev.usda.gov/sd

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BUR

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2011 The Burke Gazette


                               23 of 75 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                            July 14, 2010 Wednesday

Business briefs

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 469 words


Wednesday July 14, 2010

In brief

Pittsfield: Career center offers opportunities

The BerkshireWorks Career Center has three events scheduled for this week.

A mini job fair will take place today. The hours are 10 a.m. to noon. Employers
include Canyon Ranch Resort, CRT Cabulance, Community Enterprises, Elder
Services, Hillcrest Educational Centers, Iredale Mineral Cosmetics, LTI Smart
Glass, Molari Employment Service and Pittsfield Veterinary Hospital.

A workshop on dealing with the financial fallout of job loss will take place on
Thursday. The event runs from 10 a.m. to noon.

A workshop on online job application assistance will take place from 2 to 3 p.m.
on Friday.

Registration/information: (413) 499-2220; www.berkshireworks.org .Boston: Loans
for rural areas approved

MassDevelopment has been approved as a Massachusetts lender for the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's Business and Industry Loan Guarantee Program, which
supports rural businesses, job creation and retention, and the economic and
environmental climate of these communities.

Eligible borrowers, including both businesses and nonprofits in designated rural
areas of Massachusetts, can apply. To be eligible, rural areas must have a
population that neither exceeds 50,000 nor is adjacent to a community of more
than 50,000 people.

Loans can be used for real estate, equipment, supplies and inventories, working
capital, value-added agriculture projects and refinancing.

Guarantees are available for up to 80 percent on loans of $5 million or less; 70
percent on $5 million to $10 million; and 60 percent on $10 million to $25
million. Loans of more than $10 million require an administrative exception and
submission to the USDA's national office.

MassDevelopment, the state's finance and development authority, works with
businesses, financial institutions and communities to stimulate economic growth
across the Commonwealth.

Pittsfield: Berkshire Hills Bancorp promotes two

Sean Gray has been promoted to executive vice president of retail banking, and
Linda Johnston has been promoted to chief human resources officer by Berkshire
Hills Bancorp, the holding company for Berkshire Bank.

Gray had been serving as Berkshire Bank's senior vice president of retail
banking. He joined Berkshire Bank in December 2006 as first vice president of
retail banking. Before joining Berkshire Bank, Gray served as vice president and
consumer market manager for Bank of America, and was responsible for the sales
and service operations in the Cambridge market. He earned a bachelor's degree in
finance from Bentley College.

A member of the Berkshire Bank team for more than 27 years, Johnston had
previously served as the bank's senior vice president of human resources. She
also serves as a key advisor to the compensation committee of the company's
Board of Directors.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               24 of 75 DOCUMENTS


                            Crain's Detroit Business

                                October 6, 2008

WEEK IN REVIEW

LENGTH: 907 Words


Area business, political leaders react to $700B bailout

Reaction from metro-area business and political leaders to the passage of the
$700 billion bailout bill by the U.S. House Friday ranged from enthusiastic to
resigned.

The Senate passed the bill Wednesday. President Bush signed it Friday.

Bill Martin, CEO of the Michigan Association of Realtors, said his members have
been divided, but, on the whole, he's pleased.

``At the end of the day, it was all about employment and job opportunities.''

It was ``the right thing to do. It was not a pretty piece of legislation, just
like watching sausage being made,'' said Oakland County Executive L. Brooks
Patterson.

Mike Rogers, vice president for communications at the Small Business Association
of Michigan, said the true test is coming.

``Small-business owners will now be watching to see if the bill results in a
genuine easing of the credit crunch and doesn't lead to higher taxes or more
onerous regulations,'' Rogers wrote in an e-mail.

``This was a situation where there were no good answers,'' Wayne County
Executive Bob Ficano said. ``They had to hold their noses and vote `Yes.' ''

Bills would authorize street railroad company

A nonprofit street railway company could be created under a package of pending
legislation paving the way for a $103 million, private-sector-backed light-rail
system in Detroit.

In one set of bill drafts, for which state Rep. Bert Johnson, D-Detroit, is lead
sponsor, the street railway company could build, own and operate the system,
acquire property and borrow money and issue bonds.

The legislation would allow the Michigan Department of Transportation, at the
request of the railway company, to establish a ``transit development finance
zone.'' The zone would use Michigan's tax increment financing law to capture
increases in property taxes to pay for operating expenses, as well as other
purposes.

Sen. Jason Allen, R-Traverse City, is sponsoring a similar package of
legislation that he said could be introduced Thursday or after the November
elections.

McCain pullout will slow TV political ad spending

Republican Sen. John McCain's reported decision to shift his campaign efforts
out of Michigan and into more competitive states such as Ohio and Florida will
mean a loss of advertising dollars at local TV stations.

McCain spent $2.8 million on TV advertising locally from May 26 to Aug. 31,
according to the Lansing-based Michigan Campaign Finance Network, which tracks
political spending. The Republican National Committee spent an additional
$604,000. The Obama campaign spent $2.5 million in Detroit in the same time
frame.

With McCain conceding the state, there would appear to be little need for Barack
Obama to continue his Michigan spending at the same pace.

On the move

* The Girl Scouts of Southeastern Michigan named Denise Dalrymple CEO. She had
been director of the Washtenaw County Children's Services Department.

* Detroit Mayor Ken Cockrel Jr. has appointed former Detroit Auditor General
Joseph Harris as CFO for the city. Cockrel moved Norman White, CFO in the
Kilpatrick administration, back to his previous post as director of the Detroit
Department of Transportation. Lovette Williams, who headed D-DOT, has become
deputy director.

Cockrel also named Christine Granger, former deputy at D-DOT, as director of the
Human Rights Department.

* Detroit Edison Co. President and COO Robert Buckler will retire Dec. 8. He
will continue as group president of parent DTE Energy Co. until May 19. Steven
Kurmas, DTE Energy executive vice president of fossil generation, will succeed
him.

Other news

* The Westin Book Cadillac Detroit delayed its scheduled Wednesday opening last
week until today.

* The Detroit Economic Development Corp. has pulled the plug on @Water Lofts, a
$119 million condominium project announced in March 2006 by Detroit developer
Dwight Belyue.

* President George Bush signed a budget package that includes a $25 billion
automotive industry loan guarantee program.

* Detroit-based Aunt Mid's Produce Co. said Monday initial tests at its facility
don't show any contamination by E. coli, the AP reported. Michigan officials
issued an alert last month after 26 people were sickened by E. coli. Some ate
lettuce from Aunt Mid's.

* After failing to find a buyer, Borders Group Inc. has been forced to issue
warrants to Pershing Square Capital Management, giving its biggest shareholder
even more control.

* The Detroit City Council's planning and economic-development committee said
the Old Tiger Stadium Conservancy must pay $219,000 to the city by Tuesday
morning or the council may vote the same day to fully demolish the ballpark, the
AP reported.


* Jurors in federal court on Thursday acquitted Darrin Hanna, 31, president of
Rochester-based Technology Integration Group Services Inc., on charges of
illegally exporting electronic equipment to Iraq, while convicting his sister,
Dawn Hanna, on eight counts, the AP reported.

* Detroit Metropolitan Airport ranked second nationally for on-time arrivals and
third for on-time departures in August.

* The average cost of health insurance for employers rose from $5,869 to $9,587
between 2000 and 2007 and from $948 to $2,546 for workers, according to health
care advocacy group Families USA.

Obituaries

* William Chorkey, founder of Ace Controls Inc. in Farmington Hills, died Sept.
27. He was 82.

* Shafter Terry III, former city of Detroit treasurer, died of esophageal cancer
Sept. 20. He was 55.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: db


                      Copyright 2008 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                               25 of 75 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              June 25, 2001 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

Bush's Vow to Cut Ship Program Gets Strong Resistance From Lott

BYLINE:  By LESLIE WAYNE

SECTION: Section A; Column 4; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1883 words


The last time a passenger cruise ship was built in the United States was in
1958. But right now, in a Mississippi shipyard in the home state of Senator
Trent Lott, the Republican minority leader, two 1,900-passenger ships together
costing more than $1 billion are under construction -- thanks to a government
program the Bush administration has called corporate welfare and wants to
eliminate.

Would these cruise ships have gotten financing without government help? Most
likely not. And that simple fact is at the heart of a broader struggle now
taking place in Washington over President Bush's target list of business-related
programs he wants eliminated, everything from the Export-Import Bank to programs
supporting high-tech research, corporate worker retraining and small businesses.

First on the list, and the test case for the president's effort, is a loan
guarantee program designed to encourage commercial shipbuilding.  Called the
Title XI Maritime Guarantee Loan Subsidy Program, it provides government
guarantees so that shipbuilders can borrow from investors at low cost and with
little risk.

The Bush administration wants no new money spent on the program, which has
helped finance some $6 billion in commercial shipbuilding projects since 1993.
But a total of 38 senators from both parties, including 10 members of the Senate
appropriations committee, have signed a letter circulated by Senator Lott saying
they want to triple funds for the program in the next budget, to $100 million,
which would be its highest-ever level.

Between these two numbers, zero and $100 million, lies a debate over the role of
government in private businesses, a potentially bruising battle in Congress, a
larger discussion over whether commercial shipbuilding is needed to protect the
military industrial base and much handwringing over the inability of many United
States commercial shipyards to compete in the world marketplace without
government help. Some say the program is essential to protect domestic
shipbuilding. Others say that is exactly the problem -- the government is
propping up an industry that is commercially uncompetitive.

"This is a corporate subsidy that everyday taxpayers should not have to
support," said Chris Ullman, a spokesman for the Office of Management and
Budget, which is leading the administration's effort.

Announcing that the shipbuilding program will be cut is the easy part; fighting
influential members of Congress seeking to triple its size is another.
"Congress's record in cutting corporate subsidies has been pretty unimpressive,"
said Steven Moore, senior fellow at the Cato Institute in Washington. "These
programs are important in home districts. The shipbuilding program will probably
be preserved because of the people of Mississippi. You've got two powerful
senators who will fight vigorously to protect the subsidies."

The passenger cruise ship program -- called Project America -- is an example of
both the support the administration wants to cut, and of the industry's power in
Congress. Government loan guarantees are being used to back up more than $1
billion in debt issued by the American Classic Voyages Company, which is
building the two ships at Ingalls Shipbuilding in Pascagoula, Miss., to carry
tourists around the Hawaiian islands.

Should American Classic default on its debt, the guarantees mean that the
government would pick up the tab. The guarantee saves American Classic money by
enabling the company to issue debt at a lower cost and for a longer term than it
could without it. In fact, given how risky the project is, American Classic
probably would not have otherwise been able to borrow at all.

Moreover, when American Classic, whose chairman and leading investor is Sam
Zell, a Chicago billionaire best-known for investing in distressed companies,
decided in 1997 to build the two ships, it got a powerful push from Congress.
Tucked into the fine print of a military appropriations measure was language
giving American Classic a 30-year monopoly on the cruise ship trade in Hawaii.
No other United States-flagged cruise ship can call on Hawaii, although
foreign-flagged carriers sailing from distant, less-attractive ports in Mexico
or Canada still can.

"Title XI loan guarantees were critical to our shipbuilding project," said
Cornel Martin, vice president for corporate affairs at American Classic.
"Without them, I'm not sure the project would have been feasible."

The backers of loan guarantees are mobilizing their forces. A newly founded
"Title XI Coalition" of shipyards, maritime unions, ship owners and operators
and maritime suppliers, is making the rounds of Congress, lining up support. In
New York last week, at a meeting of maritime financiers, the rallying cry was
issued during a panel discussion, as that well-heeled crowd was urged not to let
the administration "take out the long knives."

Backed with statistics and pleas to patriotism and national self-interest,
supporters say these loan guarantees cost the government no money. Further, they
calculate that the government has earned $83 million from the program in the
form of fees over the years -- a fact the Maritime Administration, which
administers the loan guarantees, says is impossible to check for accuracy.

Supporters say the loans backed by the guarantees, with a default rate of less
than 1 percent, have breathed life into a moribund commercial shipbuilding
industry, reviving many shipyards that would face financial ruin without them.
If that happens, they say, the United States would lose critical shipbuilding
skills, especially as the volume of military shipbuilding hits new lows. The
program has enough money to guarantee $420 million more in shipbuilding
projects, while 145 projects, valued at $4.7 billion, are seeking guarantees.

"We don't buy the corporate welfare tag line," said Darrell L. Conner, a
lobbyist for the Title XI Coalition. "If Title XI is eliminated a number of
shipbuilding projects that would otherwise be completed will not be. The
maritime industry is not the best investment in the world. If we lose, it would
be a devastating blow to our U.S. maritime industry."

At the moment, it generally costs about twice as much to build a commercial
vessel -- whether a tanker, a cargo vessel or a cruise ship -- in the United
States than it does overseas, where lower labor costs, advanced technology,
indirect government supports and greater manufacturing efficiencies have brought
shipbuilding costs down. The world commercial shipbuilding market is dominated
by South Korea, Japan and the European Union.

Backers of loan guarantees say they are needed to make United States commercial
vessels even remotely affordable. A federal law dating back to the 1930's,
called the Jones Act, requires that all ships traveling between any two United
States ports be United States-built and staffed. Ship owners say if they are
required to "build American" they need government help to do so.

"Title XI makes buying ships in this country more affordable," said John E.
Graykowski, former program administrator at the federal Maritime Administration.
"You tell me how this industry will be better off if we take away this terribly
modest level of support."

While the loan guarantee program has been on the books for decades, it remained
dormant until 1993, when President Bill Clinton and Congress revived it and
commercial shipbuilding began to spring to life. The program remained wildly
popular in Congress. Last year, when the administration asked for $2 million,
Congress increased it to $30 million. The federal money goes into a reserve
fund, allowing the government to back about $20 in loans for every $1 in the
reserve.

But as the program has grown, so has the opposition. Critics say the government
has no business choosing winners and losers among industries, and question
whether Title XI is the best way to maintain shipbuilding skills, if they are
needed at all. Military shipyards have generally failed miserably in commercial
shipbuilding, racking up cost overruns and defaults.

"There is no justification for these subsidies," said Mr. Moore of the Cato
Institute. "The best way to promote industry is not to get into the game of
picking industries for support. They are taxing the healthy to subsidize the
unhealthy."

Still others question why the government is backing a business that private
investors often find too risky. Rather then helping the shipbuilding industry,
these loan guarantees enable shipyards to avoid making the changes needed to
become globally competitive, they say.

One of the biggest critics is Senator John McCain, the Arizona Republican, who
put the American Classic deal on his annual "pork" list. He questions whether
the guarantees have any military-related benefits.

"We've allowed a shipbuilding culture to develop that is largely
noncompetitive," said Rob Freeman, a staff member of the Senate Commerce
Committee, where Senator McCain is the ranking Republican. "There is little
evidence that Uncle Sam has ever saved a dime on a naval ship because yards are
building commercial ships."

Moreover, said Joe Hovorka, an analyst with the brokerage firm Raymond James,
commercial and naval ship technology can differ greatly. "On a cruise ship," he
said, "1,900 passengers have to plug in their hair dryers at once. That doesn't
happen on a Navy ship."

Since 1993, a total of 561 vessels and drilling rigs have been backed by Title
XI loan guarantees. Much of the financing has gone to smaller shipyards, which
have better track records of on-time delivery and holding down costs than big
military yards. The program's administrators get high marks in the industry for
professionalism and for applying sound economic principles in picking projects
to approve.

But there have been some notable failures. Over the strong objections of the
Maritime Administration, Congress waived a requirement in 1996 that loan
guarantees be made only to economically sound projects and forced the agency to
approve a $55 million guarantee to overhaul the Fore River Shipyard in Quincy,
Mass. The project was pushed by the Massachusetts Congressional delegation to
bring back that state's once-prominent shipbuilding industry.

Within four years, the project failed and the government had to cover the debt.
Awaiting final figures, the General Accounting Office estimates taxpayer losses
at $38 million.

Another failure was the Sea Rex Project, a plan to build four offshore drilling
rigs at Ingalls Shipbuilding, where the American Classic ships are being made. A
total of $44 million in loan guarantees were provided, but the Sea Rex project
quickly ran into trouble with shoddy construction, cost overruns and delays.
Ultimately, the company making the rigs filed for bankruptcy and the rigs were
chopped up for scrap, leaving creditors, including the government, in the lurch.

Still, the Ingalls Shipyard, which in 1958 produced the last two United States
passenger ships -- the Argentina and the Brazil -- is pushing ahead on the two
American Classic cruise ships. Although industry experts say the project is
already falling behind schedule both the shipyard and American Classic say they
expect the ships to be delivered on time and on budget.

Said Mr. Martin of American Classic: "We're not at the point of panicking."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart: "Subsidies for Ships"Each year, Congress has appropriated
millions of dollars to guarantee loans to commercial ship builders. Advocates
say that guaranteeing the loans is the only way to make building these ships
affordable in the United States. The Bush Administration wants to cut the
program, calling it corporate welfare. Graph showing the total loans guaranteed
from 1995 to 2001. Graph showing the number of projects supported by loans from
1995 to 2001. Graph showing money appropriated to cover loans to 1995 to 2001.
PROJECTS APPROVED IN 2001 Company: Rowan CompaniesProject: Offshore drilling
rigLoan (millions): $187.3 Company: Vessel Management ServicesProject: Two tug
bargesLoan (millions): 58.7 Company: Vessel LeasingProject: 170 covered hopper
bargesLoan (millions): 43.5 Company: Kvaerner ShipholdingProject: Container
carrierLoan (millions): 37.5 Company: Great Pacific NW Cruise LineProject:
Cruise shipLoan (millions): 35.5 All figures are for fiscal years ended Sept.
30.(Source: United States Maritime Administration)(pg. A12)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                               26 of 75 DOCUMENTS

          Copyright (c) 1984 The Board of Trustees of Leland Stanford
                               Junior University
                              Stanford Law Review

                                  April, 1984

                             36 Stan. L. Rev. 1045

LENGTH: 14929 words

NOTE: Tort Creditor Priority in the Secured Credit System: Asbestos Times, the
Worst of Times.

NAME: Christopher M.E. Painter

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ...  Manville sought the protection of the bankruptcy court not because of any
present financial difficulty (Manville's financial statements reflected a very
strong company with large sales and a good debt-equity ratio), but because of
staggering potential tort liability stemming from Manville's production of
asbestos. ...  This monitoring argument recognizes that a debtor is likely to
misbehave -- i.e., act in a more risky manner -- after a creditor sets the
interest rate to reflect a particular level of risk. ...  A creditor can either
increase his required interest rate to compensate for the possibility of debtor
misbehavior, or try to reduce that risk by monitoring the debtor. ...  The
secured creditor can share these savings with the debtor by lowering the
interest rate he charges to her. ...  Strict liability is the most efficient
system because by forcing the producer to bear the costs and risks of the
accidents that his product causes, it minimizes economic and social dislocation
and allocates risk to the better risk bearer. ...  In reality, when a consumer
faces possible risk because of a negligence or no-liability rule, he is unlikely
to buy the correct level of first-party insurance because he lacks information
or is psychologically unable to accept the probability of injury. ... In the
current system of creditor priorities set out in the Uniform Commercial Code and
adopted by the Bankruptcy Code, tort claimants are relegated to the lowest
priority position -- that of an unsecured creditor. ...

TEXT:
 [*1045]  On August 26, 1982, the Manville Corporation, a manufacturing giant
with over one billion dollars in assets, filed for reorganization under Chapter
11 of the Bankruptcy Code.  n1 Manville sought the protection of the bankruptcy
court not because of any present financial difficulty (Manville's financial
statements reflected a very strong company with large sales and a good
debt-equity ratio), but because of staggering potential tort liability stemming
from Manville's production of asbestos.  n2 Manville's filing stays all claims
against the corporation and limits the eventual recovery on all tort and
unsecured claims to whatever assets remain after all senior creditors (primarily
secured creditors) are paid in full.  n3 Any individual tort claimant,
therefore, is likely to recover little or nothing from the company.  n4

    [*1046]  Manville could have achieved the same result without resorting to
the protections of federal bankruptcy statutes by liquidating under the
provisions of state law.  n5 The main advantage that bankruptcy offers over
state-law liquidation is a more orderly distribution of assets among creditors
of equal priority.  Yet the Bankruptcy Code, like state-law liquidation, looks
to state law to determine priorities among the parties to a bankruptcy
proceeding.  n6 Once a company is in bankruptcy, these priorities, set out by
the states in their versions of Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code, allow
secured creditors to claim the assets of a company and leave little for
unsecured and tort creditors.  After a bankruptcy filing, a tort claim no longer
represents a dispute between the company and the tort claimant, but becomes part
of the problem of dividing a limited pool of assets among creditors.  n7 In this
division process, secured creditors, who have had a chance to bargain for senior
status, receive full payment ahead of nonconsenting tort claimants who have not
had this chance.  Although this note focuses on the problems generated by
liquidation proceedings, most of these problems arise in reorganizations as
well.  In a reorganization proceeding such as Manville's, assets are not
liquidated and distributed; instead, creditors receive both cash and interests
in the reorganized company.  However, while a tort claimant may receive slightly
more in a reorganization, she will still receive only a small portion of the
compensatory damages to which she is entitled while the secured creditors
receive substantially all that is owed to them.  The result under either
provision is therefore the same; tort claimants go uncompensated because of
their low priority in a bargaining system despite the fact that they are
inherently unable to bargain.

   This note argues that it is both inefficient and unfair to impose the current
priority system on nonconsenting tort claimants and offers a proposal for
reform.  The problem of tort creditor status is particularly  [*1047]  important
because Manville is only one of a great many firms now facing huge product
liability claims or making managerial decisions that could affect their tort
liability in the future.  n8 Part I examines the operation and rationale of the
secured creditor priority system.  Part II shows why the present priority status
of tort creditors is inefficient and unfair and argues that current approaches
to the problem are inadequate.  Part III proposes elevating tort creditors'
status in the secured credit priority system and evaluates the likely effects of
this proposal.

   I.  THE SECURED CREDIT PRIORITY SYSTEM

A.  The Current System of Priorities in Bankruptcy

   The Bankruptcy Code divides creditors' claims into two distinct classes:
secured claims  n9 and unsecured claims.  n10 Whether a bankruptcy is a
liquidation  n11 or a reorganization,  n12 secured claims -- essentially claims
secured by a lien on the property of the estate -- enjory the highest priority
and are satisfied to the extent of their security before any unsecured claimant
receives any payment.  n13 The Bankruptcy Code provides only a procedural
framework for the distribution of the debtor's estate; state law governs both
the determination  [*1048]  of secured status and the other of payment among
secured creditors.  n14 The state law determinations of secured status are
usually found in the particular state's version of the Uniform Commercial Code.
Article 9 governs a debtor's grant of a consensual lien in the debtor's personal
property to a creditor.  n15 These provisions essentially allow a party to grant
a valid interest in property in exchange for some benefit at a very low
transaction cost.  n16 Specifically, a debtor can grant preferred status to a
particular creditor,  n17 usually in exchange for a loan at an interest rate
below the prevailing market rate for unsecured loans.  n18

   In article 9, various security interests are ranked.  Purchasemoney security
interests, which are created when a creditor lends money for the purchase of the
identifiable asset that secures repayment of the loan, enjoy first priority over
any earlier security interests that attach to that asset.  n19 For other
security interests, and between  [*1049]  competing purchase-money security
interests, the rule is "first in time, first in right": Earlier security
interests have priority over later security interests in the same collateral.
n20 Finally, article 9 subordinates the rights of unsecured creditors to those
of article 9 secured creditors.  n21 The Bankruptcy Code generally respects this
state-law priority scheme  n22 on the ground that it would be both unfair and
inefficient to frustrate a secured party's reliance on a security interest taken
precisely to guarantee repayment pursuant to state law.  n23

   Unsecured creditors under the Bankruptcy Code are simply general creditors
who have no security interest but are entitled to a "right of payment, whether
or not such right is reduced to judgment, liquidated, unliquidated, fixed,
contingent, matured, unmatured, disputed, undisputed, legal [or] equitable."
n24 Included in this group are voluntary creditors, such as suppliers, who
bargained for their unsecured status, and tort claimants, whose unsecured status
is clearly involuntary.  n25 The members of this unsecured creditor class share
pro rata in the assets of the firm that remain after all secured creditors have
been fully paid.  n26 Thus, involuntary tort creditors share a status equal to
that of voluntary unsecured creditors and are subordinate to secured creditors.
Because a firm in bankruptcy generally  [*1050]  has debts that exceed the
amount of its assets, the firm's secured creditors usually receive full payment
on their claims, while its unsecured creditors, including tort claimants, might
receive only partial payment or no payment at all.  n27

B.  The Consensual Framework of Secured Credit

   The system of secured credit reflects the commercial concerns of both debtors
who seek credit and creditors willing to extend it.  Under this system, a debtor
may encumber his assets to secure a money debt.  A secured creditor is entitled
to remove as much of his collateral as is necessary to satisfy his claim before
unsecured creditors can satisfy theirs.Although the secured creditor is placed
in an advantageous position, the priority scheme and its consequences generally
seem fair to the unsecured creditors as well.  Though the expected value of
their claims in bankruptcy is reduced when a debtor grants a security interest
to one of his other creditors,  n28 these unsecured creditors are in a
consensual relationship with the debtor and are presumably aware of the risk of
competing secured claims.  n29 Whatever the level of risk, informed and
consenting creditors can react to preexisting security interests by bargaining
for a higher interest rate, demanding security themselves, or seeking a less
risky borrower.  n30

    [*1051]  In this consensual framework, the secured creditor will receive a
relatively low interest rate, but will enjoy a relatively high probability of
repayment.  The unsecured creditor will have a lower probability of repayment,
but will be compensated by a higher interest rate.  While this appears to be
completely offsetting, the security system is really advantageous because it is
likely that the debtor can obtain more capital than he could if the institution
of secured credit did not exist.  n31 Moreover, the debtor can take advantage of
this system without prejudicing the rights of any class of creditors because
they are all free to bargain for either security or a higher rate of return.  It
has thus been argued that:

   Since creditors remain free to select their own debtors and set the terms on
which they will lend, there is no compelling argument based upon considerations
of fairness for adopting one legal rule (debtors can rank creditor claims in
whatever way they see fit) rather than another (all creditors must share equally
in the event of bankruptcy).  n32
Of course, the situation changes dramatically when the underlying assumption of
consensual bargaining is invalidated, as is the case when involuntary tort
victims are forced to participate in the system.

C.  The Economic Rationale for Secured Credit

   Before exploring the problems of the secured credit priority system, it is
helpful to describe the rationale for its existence.  The most common and
persuasive justification for secured debt is that it decreases aggregate
monitoring costs and thus reduces the total social costs of the credit
transaction and moves society toward an efficient  n33 system of credit.  n34
This monitoring argument recognizes that a  [*1052]  debtor is likely to
misbehave -- i.e., act in a more risky manner -- after a creditor sets the
interest rate to reflect a particular level of risk.  n35 Since a misbehaving
debtor is charged an interest rate lower than his risky behavior would justify,
n36 a debtor may have an incentive to misbehave and thereby obtain what is, in
effect, a loan based on an assumption of relatively low risk for a relatively
high-risk enterprise.  n37 A creditor can either increase his required interest
rate to compensate for the possibility of debtor misbehavior, or try to reduce
that risk by monitoring the debtor.  n38 Monitoring can include both checking on
the debtor's behavior after the loan is made and requiring the debtor to
undertake cretain monitoring responsibilities on his own, such as submitting
financial statements.  n39 Generally, it is reasonable for creditors to use some
combination of higher interest rates and monitoring.  n40

   The institution of secured credit reduces the secured creditor's costs by
decreasing his need for monitoring because repayment is contingent only on the
particular asset in which the creditor takes a security interest.  n41 The
secured creditor can share these savings with  [*1053]  the debtor by lowering
the interest rate he charges to her.  Granting a security interest, however, is
not an entirely costless move.  By granting the security interest, the debtor
decreases the exppected value of his unsecured creditors' claims in the event of
bankruptcy.  n42 To compensate for bearing more of the risk of debtor
misbehavior, the unsecured creditors will raise their interest rates and engage
in closer monitoring of the debtor.  n43 Yet the economic justification of
secured credit assumes that the decrease in costs to secured creditors exceeds
the increase in monitoring and other costs to unsecured creditors, and that
secured credit is therefore efficient in that aggregate costs are reduced.

   There are at least three reasons to accept this "cost-reducing" conclusion.
First, unsecured (or general) creditors might be in a better position to obtain
monitoring information, and monitoring might therefore be less expensive for
unsecured creditors than for secured creditors.  Total monitoring costs will
therefore be reduced.  n44 Second, subjecting the debtor's major assets to
security interests might inhibit the debtor from substituting riskier assets for
his original assets because secured creditors would monitor encumbered assets.
Asset substitution is a major way in which a debtor can misbehave, raising the
cost to his creditors of granting him credit.  n45 All creditors would
presumably enjoy savings from this inhibition of risky asset substitution.
Third, unsecured creditors may rely on the secured creditors to monitor the
debtor's encumbered assets.  Secured creditors enjoy monitoring-cost savings
because they need to monitor only  [*1054]  the specific assets securing their
claims.  Unsecured creditors also benefit because they need only concern
themselves with other aspects of the debtor's behavior.  Since it seems likely
for all these reasons that the additional costs to unsecured creditors are less
than the associated savings of secured creditors, the system is efficient.  n46

   While a net reduction in monitoring costs may be the most persuasive economic
rationale for secured credit, there are several other plausible justifications.
First, secured credit allows the debtor to signal her economic strength by her
willingness to encumber her assets.  n47 Second, secured credit allows her to
reduce her borrowing costs by scheduling her payments on secured lower interest
loans before her payments on unsecured higher interest ones.  Moreover, secured
credit may be socially valuable as the only way worthwhile but risky enterprises
can obtain credit from risk averse investors at an affordable rate.  Secured
credit might allow relatively small enterprises or those with novel products to
start or maintain their businesses and thus may promote innovation and healthy
competition.  All of these justifications indicate that reform of the security
system is preferable to its abolition.

   II.  THE PROBLEM OF TORT CLAIMANT PRIORITY

A.The Unfair Treatment of Tort Creditors

   The economic theory of secured credit rests on the assumption that individual
credit agreements are consensual and the participants have the knowledge and the
ability to adjust to the hierarchy of secured and unsecured credit.  n48 This
underlying assumption is invalid in the case of tort claims.  A tort victim, in
effect, involuntarily extends credit to the debtor in the dollar amount of his
damages.  n49 He has no opportunity to assess the risk of insolvency, choose the
debtor  [*1055]  with whom he will bargain, bargain for additional compensation,
or demand security.  n50

   Including these nonconsenting tort claimants in the consent-oriented
framework of secured credit seems counterintuitive and results in unfair
treatment.  n51 Although tort creditors lack the bargaining opportunity of other
unsecured creditors, the present system treats them equally and places them
together at the lowest level of priority.  n52 Tort claimants are subject to the
prior claims of secured creditors, but are not compensated as are other
unsecured creditors for the extra risk of nonpayment they bear.  n53 The present
priority system allows the debtor, in many cases, to make little or no payment
to tort creditors upon insolvency,  n54 and allows "firms and sophisticated
creditors [to] use secured debt with the possible intention and certain effect
of redistributing wealth to themselves and from [tort] creditors who would
prevent these redistributions were they informed [and able to bargain with the
debtor]."  n55

    [*1056]  Shifting wealth away from tort creditors not only harms their
financial interests but also reflects a sanctioned oppression of the relatively
weak and uninformed.  A norm of corrective justice would enable a plaintiff to
recover from a defendant who had wrongfully harmed some interest of the
plaintiff.  n56 A tort creditor should have some remedy, then, not only against
the debtor-tortfeasor, but also against the firms and secured creditors that
have harmed him through their use of the priority payment system.  The current
system, however, provides no such effective remedy.

   Beyond tort creditors' inability to participate effectively in the consensual
priority system, the possibility that tort claimants will go uncompensated
frustrates the basic goals of tort law, including the compensation of injured
parties,  n57 the allocation of the costs of injury to the party best able to
bear them,  n58 and the prevention of future harm through the promotion of
socially beneficial conduct.  n59 When a tort victim goes uncompensated because
senior claimants have depleted the defendant's assets, the full cost of the
injury falls on the victim.  n60 Since any individual victim is likely to be
less able to bear this loss than the defendant corporation, which can spread the
costs of the loss over a greater number of individuals (whether customers or
creditors), forcing victims to bear all the losses is unfair.  n61 This  [*1057]
outcome is particularly inequitable when the tort claim arises in the area of
product liability, where consumers should be able to rely on a strict liability
rule to ensure their compensation and may not make preparations to bear any
loss.  n62

   Further, the present priority system thwarts the tort law goal of promoting
socially desirable conduct.  Because there is some likelihood that the debtor
can avoid tort claims entirely in bankruptcy and does not have to pay these
claimants a premium for their increased risk, the system provides only a
diminished incentive for a potential tortfeasor to avoid causing harm or to
mitigate the extent of that harm by acting in a reasonably safe manner, or to
take other precautions such as purchasing insurance.  This reduced incentive
increases the possibility of future harm.  Moreover, since secured creditors
have priority over tort victims, these creditors have no incentive to refuse to
provide supplies or capital that enable the defendant to cause the harm, or to
insist that the debtor take precautions likely to prevent future harm.  n63

B.  An Efficiency Critique of the Current Priority System

   The current priority system is not only inherently inequitable to
nonconsenting tort claimants, frequently leaving them uncompensated for their
losses, it is also economically inefficient.

   1.  Economic incentives and risk distribution.

   An economic analysis of tort law stresses that an activity, a distribution
[*1058]  of loss resulting from that activity, or a legal rule governing that
activity or distribution benefits society most if it results in economic
efficiency.  n64 Evaluations of the efficiency of legal rules are based on two
criteria.  First, the legal rule must create incentives for efficient behavior.
Second, the legal rule must efficiently allocate the risk of loss among the
relevant individuals and firms.  The first consideration seeks to minimize the
total social cost of accidents and their prevention; the second concerns the
distribution of those costs.

   Reducing the cost of accidents. The number and severity of accidents caused
by a particular activity depend on both the level of care exercised by the actor
and the extent of the actor's activity.  The level of care consists of the
measures a firm or individual takes to avoid accidents.  Efficiency demands that
the combined cost of avoiding accidents and of accidents that actually occur be
minimized.  n65 That is, a company should avoid accidents only so long as the
cost of avoiding accidents is less than the cost of allowing them to occur.  n66
Although  [*1059]  it seems appealing to avoid all accidents, avoiding accidents
beyond the minimum point is not desirable because it will increase aggregate
costs to society.  This approach, then, recognizes that some accidents will
occur, but argues that the legal regime should permit them only  [*1060]  when
it is economically efficient to do so.  n67 The extent of activity, or "activity
level," is simply the amount of a potentially injurious activity undertaken.  In
manufacturing, the activity level corresponds to the quantity of production.
For any activity that creates some risk of accidents, the actual number of
accidents is directly proportional to the level of activity.  n68

    [*1061]  The ideal competitive market  n69 ensures the observance of both a
proper activity level and a proper standard of care.  In a competitive market in
which information is perfect, the full cost of a product will determine the
amount produced and sold at a certain demand.  n70 When the producers' costs
reflect the full costs of production and the associated external costs,
including the cost of accidents resulting from use of the product, firms will
produce only the amount of the product valued by society at or above those
costs, and the extent to which accidents occur will be a function of aggregate
market demand.  n71 Therefore only the socially desirable amount of product will
be produced, and only the number of accidents deemed necessary by society will
occur.

   An ideally competitive market with many close product substitutes would also
determine the optimal standard of care.  Because any expenditure that reduced
accident costs by more than it increased production costs would decrease the
product's total cost, and in turn its price, the safe product with the lowest
overall cost would be the only product purchased and therefore ultimately the
only product produced.  n72

   This analysis is correct, however, only when the consumer can determine the
entire social cost of production.  But consumers have perfect information with
respect to cost only if producers fully internalize all social costs so that
price is equal to social cost, or if other information makes consumers aware of
all external costs as well as those costs reflected in the product's price.  n73
The distribution of accident costs among consumers, third parties, and producers
normally  [*1062]  is achieved by legal rules of liability.  n74 When a producer
need not internalize a product's full social cost because the legal regime
grants producers full or partial immunity from liability, consumers and
third-party bystanders must bear some of the product's costs.  n75 If consumers
cannot correctly evaluate the product's social cost, as is the case when they
lack perfect information about accident risks,  n76 they will face an
artificially low price and hence consume more of the product than is socially
desirable.  n77 Moreover, the producer will  [*1063]  have no incentive to adopt
an efficient standard of care, because he can produce the more dangerous product
at a lower price and sell more of it than a more expensive, but safer,
substitute.  n78

   Product liability law essentially compensates for imperfect consumer
information through a regime of strict liability.  n79 Under strict liability,
the producer is made to bear the entire social cost of his product.  Since the
producer internalizes all costs, he will price his product at the level at which
private demand coincides with social demand.  Further, he will endeavor to find
the most cost-effective means of lowering costs and avoiding accidents.  n80
Strict liability theoretically induces the producer, then, to produce at an
efficient level and meet an efficient atandard of care.  For this reason, strict
liability has been widely adopted in product liability actions as a substitute
for perfect consumer information.

   Allocating the cost of accidents. Even under the incentives created by either
an efficient legal liability rule or a perfectly competitive market, some
accidents inevitably will occur.  n81 In the case of an unforeseeable disaster,
the resulting accident costs can be quite large.  The second aspect of
efficiency -- allocating the risk and burden of injury among the relevant actors
-- thus assumes great importance.  It is more efficient to place the risk of
injury on the producer, or on the producer's creditors, than to place it on the
victims.  Forcing victims to bear the cost of their injuries is inefficient
because it causes economic  [*1064]  and social dislocation (i.e., secondary
costs) that a better risk bearer could mitigate or avoid.  n82 When a tort
victim with limited assets must bear a large cost of injury, he may choose not
to seek the full treatment he requires or he may exhaust his assets if he does
undergo treatment.  n83 In either case, the damage goes beyond the injury; the
diminished future productivity of the victim imposes extensive additional costs
on society.

   Beyond these obvious secondary costs, an efficiency analysis must also
consider the attitudes of the relevant parties toward risk -- whether they are
risk preferring, risk neutral, or risk averse.  n84 Both producers and consumers
are probably averse to the risk of accident losses, especially those of the
magnitude connected with products liability.  n85 Individuals are generally more
risk averse than manufacturers, however, because they are less able to pool risk
and because their resources are more limited.  n86 It is inefficient to force a
risk averse party to bear risk that can be shifted to a party more willing to
bear that risk.  n87 Since manufacturers are relatively more willing to bear
risk, at least some of the risk of accidents should be shifted to them to
[*1065]  lower society's aggregate risk costs.  Moreover, the absolute risk
consumers face may be greater than the risk producers face.  n88 In this case,
even if both parties are equally risk averse, it makes sense to shift the risk
to the producers and thus to minimize the overall risk borne by society.

   A combination of risk spreading and placing damages on those with "deep
pockets" can avoid the dislocation caused by concentrating damages on the victim
as well as prevent some of these risk bearing problems.  Risk spreading
essentially involves two concepts.  First, taking a large sum of money from one
person is more likely to create secondary costs to society than taking a series
of small sums from many people.  n89 Second, several small losses are socially
preferable to one large loss simply because individuals feel less pain if they
lose only a small amount.  n90 Risk spreading also has risk-taking implications.
If everyone is risk averse, and if risk aversion increases in proportion to the
magnitude of the risk, then it is more efficient if many assume a small risk
than if few absorb a large one.

   According to the "deep pocket" approach, secondary costs can be reduced most
by placing these costs on those least likely to suffer economic or social
dislocations by bearing the risk.  n91 Since the best risk bearers are likely to
be the very wealthy or those who can distribute the risk over time or over many
people, liability generally should be placed on large corporations or their
creditors.  Moreover, if producers are in fact less risk averse, the risk should
be concentrated on them.

   The theory of enterprise liability that finds legal expression in  [*1066]
strict liability subsumes these concepts of risk spreading and risk allocation.
Enterprise liability places accident costs on those best situated to insure, to
self-insure, or to pass on part of the loss to purchasers of their products.
n92 Strict liability is the most efficient system because by forcing the
producer to bear the costs and risks of the accidents that his product causes,
it minimizes economic and social dislocation and allocates risk to the better
risk bearer.  n93

   2.  The inefficiency of the current system of priority.

   The classification of tort claimants as general creditors fails to induce
firms to behave efficiently or to allocate risk efficiently among a firm's
various creditors, consumers, accident victims, and owners.Under the current
priority structure, firms will overproduce and fail to observe an adequate
standard of care, and accident costs will generally fall on the parties least
able or willing to bear those costs.

   In the real world, where consumers' information is imperfect and where
consumers are more risk averse than producers, only a regime of strict liability
will induce firms to make efficient standard-of-care and activity-level
decisions.  n94 Strict liability will force firms to bear the full social cost
of accidents, take cost-justified precautions, obtain liability insurance, and
set prices according to social demand rather than private demand.  n95 But other
legal rules may undermine the effectiveness of strict liability if those rules
enable a producer to avoid internalizing all costs.

   The current priority structure, in which tort creditors are relegated to the
status of unsecured creditors, undermines the effectiveness of the strict
liability regime in precisely this manner.  A manager evaluating expected
accident costs will take into account the possibility that some of the
corporation's tort liability will be discharged in  [*1067]  bankruptcy.  n96
Thus, the firm's expected accident costs will be less than society's expected
costs.  n97 Normally, the chance of bankruptcy  [*1068]  and the producer's
resulting discount will be relatively small, but the closer a producer is to
insolvency, the greater the chance will be that he will not have to meet his
potential tort liabilities, and the more his calculation of expected accident
costs will diverge from true social costs.  n98 This discrepancy between the
expected costs to the producer and to society has two important implications:
The standard of care will be inefficiently low and the activity level will be
inefficiently high.

   Because every firm faces some probability of insolvency, no firm has an
incentive to observe the socially optimal standard of care.  And because
avoidance costs will appear relatively higher when insolvency is taken into
account, each firm will spend less to avoid accidents than efficiency demands.
n99 Thus, the standard of care will be too low and more than an efficient number
of accidents will occur.

   Moreover, the potential for discharge in bankruptcy also affects the
activity-level decisions of producers.  Because the expected accident costs of
these producers are lower than those borne by the society as a whole, these
firms will produce goods whose price does not reflect all social costs.  n100
Consumers, expecting the price of a product to reflect all costs,  n101 will buy
too much of an underpriced product  [*1069]  and thereby cause overproduction.
Because of this overproduction, more accidents will occur than social demand for
the product necessitates.

   Beyond these distorted incentives, the current priority system also causes
inefficiencies in the allocation of costs and risks among the relevant firms and
individuals.  Although it is most efficient to distribute the risk of losses to
those parties best able to bear loss (i.e., the large producers who can satisfy
"deep pocket" or loss-spreading concerns and who are less risk averse than
consumers or bystanders), the present priority system places the burden of
injury on the least efficient cost bearers -- the individual accident victims.
Strict liability is generally the most efficient rule of liability because it
forces producers to absorb the full accident costs of products.  n102 The
present priority system, by allowing insolvent producers to escape liability to
tort claimants, substitutes an occasional rule of no liability.  n103 This
effectively shifts accident costs to victims, causing economic and social
dislocations that could have been avoided had the producers, or even the
producer's creditors, been held liable.  n104 Further, the most efficient system
would place risk on the least risk averse party -- the manufacturer.  n105 The
possibility of insolvency thwarts this goal,  [*1070]  however, by shifting risk
to victims.

   A final distributional inefficiency of the current priority system also has
incentive implications.  If liability is placed on the producer, he has an
incentive to invest in research and development to make his product safter.
n106 If liability is placed on the consumer, however, the consumer is unlikely
to conduct research and development,  n107 and because the consumer does not add
accident costs to the product, there is no incentive for the producer to invest
in research and development either.  n108

   Although the current priority system undermines the rationale for a
strict-liability or enterprise-liability regime by allowing many tort claimants
to go uncompensated, a reform that extended liability to the company's voluntary
creditors might restore the effectiveness of strict liability.  Voluntary
creditors could spread the loss among their customers, would experience a
proportionally less burdensome loss than tort victims, and would be less risk
averse and thus better able to bear risks than consumers.

C.  Why Current Proposals Are Unworkable

   Until recently, the problems associated with tort-claimant priority were
rarely recognized, probably because of the widespread belief that insurance
would fully compensate tort victims for their injuries.  The fallacy of this
assumption has become strikingly apparent in the large product liability cases
that have driven firms such as the Manville Corporation into bankruptcy.  This
section will first consider the inadequacy of the present insurance system and
then describe some difficulties with other suggested solutions.

   1.  The role of insurance.

   If ideal methods of insurance existed, firms would carry complete liability
insurance under a strict liability regime or, under a regime of negligence or no
liability, individuals would purchase complete  [*1071]  first-party accident
insurance.  n109 In reality, when a consumer faces possible risk because of a
negligence or no-liability rule, he is unlikely to buy the correct level of
first-party insurance because he lacks information or is psychologically unable
to accept the probability of injury.  n110 Strict liability ideally functions as
a substitute for consumer information,  n111 forcing producers to act as
consumers' insurers.  But producers, in turn, are unlikely to be fully insured
because ideal liability insurance will be unavailable.

   Providing liability insurance to firms may increase expected accident costs
because an insured firm has less of an incentive to take precautions.  n112 This
phenomenon is called the "moral hazard" problem of insurance.  n113
Theoretically, the problem of moral hazard can be eliminated by adjusting the
insurance premium to reflect any increase in expected loss due to the lower
level of care the insured is taking.  n114 In practice, however, constantly
adjusting the insurance premium to correspond to the care exercised by the
insured is not feasible because an insurer cannot cheaply monitor the behavior
of the insured.  n115 Therefore, as an alternative to monitoring, insurers
[*1072]  have devised various means of providing only partial insurance to
induce the insured to take some precautions.  n116 Insured firms will also
prefer incomplete insurance because it is less expensive than complete
insurance.  n117 But partial insurance fails to eliminate moral hazard, and
provides only partial relief to a victim of an insured firm if that firm is
insolvent and its estate is insufficient to make up the uninsured portion of the
loss.  n118

   The junior priority position of tort creditors in bankruptcy increases the
costs of underinsurance.  A firm purchasing insurance can determine the
likelihood that it will not have to compensate its tort claimants in bankruptcy
and reduce its insurance coverage and premiums accordingly.  n119 The resulting
level of insurance, which will reflect only the expected costs of compensating
accident victims reduced  [*1073]  by the deductibility or co-insurance feature,
will be insufficient to cover all potential claims on the firm's assets.  This
insufficiency becomes acute as a company approaches bankruptcy; as the
probability of bankruptcy increases, the firm will devote fewer resources to
insurance.

   In addition to these costs of underinsurance, even ideal insurance is
inherently inadequate to protect against an unforeseeable catastrophe.  Under
the present priority system, the catastrophic loss that drives a firm into
bankruptcy will fall on the unsecured creditors and tort claimants.  n120

   Finally, insurance that is not combined with monitoring of the insured firm's
behavior provides monetary compensation to victims, but does little to decrease
the frequency of accidents.  n121 Since insurance fails both to compensate
victims and to reduce the number of accidents, it cannot provide a basis for
improving the lot of tort victims disadvantaged by the current priority system.

   2.  The federal bailout.

   Another approach would be to have the federal government assume the tort
liabilities of firms approaching insolvency to ensure fair treatment of tort
victims.  In the case of the asbestos industry, several bills are now before the
Congress calling, in some measure, for federal help.  n122

   While such a "bailout" might solve the short-term troubles of a particular
industry's tort creditors, it would be ineffective as a general remedy for at
least two reasons.  First, if a bailout became an expected remedy, firms would
have much less incentive to take care since they would expect the government to
act before their industry became crippled by tort liability.  The federal
government would, in effect, become the ultimate insurer of these firms,
creating a new set of moral hazard problems.  n123 As in the case of imperfect
private insurance,  [*1074]  an excessive number of accidents would occur.  n124

   Second, if the federal bailout were an unpredictable ad hoc remedy, some tort
creditors would receive payment while others would not.  The factors that might
determine whether the government steps in, such as the political evaluation of
the industry's importance, would be beyond the control of the tort victims.
Because there is no rational reason to treat similarly situated individuals
differently, and because a piecemeal bailout procedure would still leave many
tort claimants in a desperate position, the bailout proposal is not an effective
approach.

   3.  Superfunds and liability caps.

   A "superfund" concept, requiring industry-wide participation in compensating
accident costs, would have three principal features.  First, all firms in a
given industry would make advance payments into a common fund through a tax or
some other method.  Second, an independent government agency would administer
payments to and from the fund (in some cases the government might supplement the
fund -- based perhaps on the importance of the industry).  Third, victims would
make claims through (and be paid by) the fund rather than the specific
wrongdoer.  n125 Although superfunds have so far been used only in the area of
toxic waste disposal,  n126 one congressman has proposed setting up a superfund
to pay asbestosis victims as  [*1075]  their claims arise.  n127 Superfunds thus
may become more prevalent when products liability crises threaten the financial
soundness of entire industries.

   A related means of solving problems of victim compensation is the imposition
of a liability cap.  The chief provision in a government-mandated liability cap
is that the aggregate liability of an industry or specific firm cannot exceed
some fixed amount for a particular incident.For example, Congress passed the
Price-Anderson Act of 1957 to foster the development of unclear energy despite
potentially huge tort liability.  The Price-Anderson Act specifically exempts
nuclear-industry firms from liability in excess of 560 million dollars for any
single nuclear incident.  n128 Within this limit, compensation is guaranteed
through mandatory insurance  n129 and forced industry contribution.  n130 Beyond
this limit, however, victims receive nothing.  Since actual liability in a
"meltdown" could be many times 560 million dollars, many claimants will be
forced to bear the costs of their injuries.

   Both of these proposals pose significant additional problems.  Both proposals
would create moral hazard problems, for example.  Since a firm's payment to a
superfund could not be linked to the firm's behavior, the firm would have no
incentive to take precautions.  n131 And a firm facing a liability cap will take
precautions only within its range of potential liability; once expected accident
costs exceed the liability cap, the firm will minimize costs by spending no more
on safety devices.  Unless the superfund or liability cap system provided for a
bankruptcy-type procedure for dividing the limited available funds, it would
force some tort victims to bear all their accident  [*1076]  costs, an
inefficient result.  n132

   In summary, the current priority system is both ineficient and unfair in
placing the burden of injury on tort victims.  Because insurance, bailouts,
superfunds, and liability caps all fail to solve these problems, some new
solution must be found.  A reworking of the current system of bankruptcy
priorities is the optimal approach.

   III.  ELEVATING TORT CLAIMANT PRIORITY

   Any reform of the current priority system must recognize the limit the
possibility of insolvency places on a manufacturer's willingness to internalize
his costs.  Since a manufacturer will not internalize accident costs beyond the
point of insolvency, the mere imposition of greater liability on the
manufacturer will not be effective in either creating incentives or forcing the
manufacturer to compensate victims.  n133

   Although no legal rule can directly force individual firms to internalize
their costs, a firm can be indirectly forced to internalize costs by pressure
from its bargaining creditors.  Especially on the eve of bankruptcy, a firm's
voluntary creditors have an incentive to protect their own investments if
insolvency threatens their interests.  n134 In general, if a firm's voluntary
creditors are threatened by tort claims, they will have an incentive to monitor
the manufacturer's potentially tortious behavior and to force the manufacturer
to purchase adequate insurance.  n135 The best reform of the current priority
system, then, would be to increase the seniority of tort creditors' claims
because this reform would induce more effective monitoring by the firm's other
creditors.  n136 Since tort claimants could be elevated to  [*1077]  several
different priority positions within the current framework, it is necessary to
evaluate the effects of placing them at each possible priority level.

A.  Intermediate Status

   One possibility is to give tort creditors intermediate status, senior to
unsecured creditors, but subordinate to secured creditors.  Since secured claims
would remain senior to tort claims, this change would have no practical effect
on secured creditors' behavior.  Because unsecured creditors would be
subordinate to a new class of creditors, however, the unsecured creditors'
expected returns in the event of insolvency would decrease and the riskiness of
their investments would increase.  n137 To compensate for this risk, unsecured
creditors would increase their interest rates to the debtor.  To limit interest
rates, the debtor and its unsecured creditors would be likely to cooperate in
more extensive monitoring leaging to greater safety precautions,  n138 thereby
inducing the debtor firm to observe a higher standard of care.  In addition, to
protect themselves against the debtor's insolvency, unsecured creditors would
probably pressure the debtor to obtain more complete insurance coverage so that
tort claimants would be compensated by insurance companies.  n139

   Allowing tort claimants to enjoy intermediate status would improve the
efficiency of the priority system.  Closer monitoring, higher insurance levels,
and the increased expected value of tort claims would force the firm to
internalize more of the social costs of tort injuries.  n140 In the same way,
insurance premiums, if they adequately  [*1078]  reflected expected accident
costs, would force the firm to internalize the costs of accidents.  n141 By
internalizing more of its accident costs, the firm would make more efficient
production and standard-of-care decisions.  n142 As a result, the number and
severity of accidents would decline.

   The intermediate-status solution would also improve the priority system's
allocation of risk.  n143 The firm's unsecured creditors would bear part of the
burden of product-caused injury since they would not receive payment until all
tort claims were satisfied.  Because a firm's creditors can reduce their risk
through diversified loan portfolios, this result increases efficiency.  Finally,
this proposal would make the priority system fairer since it would allow tort
claimants to  [*1079]  prevail ahead of unsecured voluntary creditors, who had
opportunities for self-protection unavailable to involuntary tort victims.

   In spite of these advantages, raising tort creditors to an intermediate level
fails to resolve several problems.  This solution would still give secured
creditors, who can bargain for risk compensation, priority over tort claimants,
who cannot.  Secured creditors could still effectively exhaust most of the
corporate assets before tort or unsecured creditors receive anything.
Distributional efficiency will not result when tort claimants remain
uncompensated while secured creditors -- who are better cost avoiders -- are
repaid in full.  Since unsecured creditors are usually dispersed trade
creditors, they might not act collectively to monitor or to pressure a firm
either to insure adequately or to take proper precautions.  n144 Moreover,
unsecured creditors, faced with increased risk under this proposal, might simply
demand security and thus render the reform illusory.  n145

B.  Parity With Secured Creditors

   A second proposal would be to make tort claimants equal in seniority to
secured claimants.  Because of the Uniform Commercial Code's basis first-in-time
priority rule, this change would have no effect on secured creditors who had
perfected their interests before the relevant torts occurred.  n146 Later
secured creditors, however, would have to raise their interest rates and engage
in increased monitoring because of the increased risks of nonpayment they face
when more parties are "in line" before them.  Since unsecured creditors under
this proposal remain subordinate to tort claimants, presumably their responses
would be similar to those they would adopt in the intermediate-status model.
Parity with secured creditors would be a superior reform, then, because of the
additional financial and monitoring resources that later subordinated secured
creditors could bring to bear on the firm.

   While this proposal alleviates many of the problems of tort claimant  [*1080]
participation in the priority system, it too has drawbacks.  First, because of
the Uniform Commerical Code's notice-filing system, secured creditors have no
incentive to monitor their debtor after they have filed for secured status.
n147 Moreover, secured creditors will account for earlier accident costs only if
their interest in full repayment is threatened -- that is, only if previous tort
liability exceeds the expected value of a company's assets or if there is some
uncertainty about the magnitude of tort claims that would have priority.Another
problem is the administrative one of constructing a viable filing system for
tort injuries based on either date of manifestation or date of injury so that
the victims' "security interest" can be properly assigned priority.  Regardless
of what date is chosen, however, the entire system can be subverted because of
the Uniform Commercial Code's superpriority for purchase money security
interests.  n148 At least some later secured creditors could simply obtain
purchase money security interests and sidestep the priority of pre-existing tort
claimants altogether.  Finally, parity with secured creditors produces the
anomalous result of allowing earlier creditors who funded the injorious activity
and who arguably should be held responsible for its effects to escape liability
because of the first-in-time rule, while later creditors who were not
responsible for the victims' injuries are shouldered withe the burden of
accidents.  In sum, the first-in-time rule, purchase moeny security interest,
and notice filing allow secured creditors to avoid monitoring.  Moreover, the
parity approach would still allocate excessive risk to tort victims rather than
to more efficient risk bearers.  n149 Finally, this approach would unfairly
resolve priority conflicts between secured creditors and tort creditors on the
basis of the time of filing, a factor over which tort claimants have no control.


C.  Superpriority

   Making tort claims senior to all other claims against the firm would assure
tort claimants of a higher level of compensation and mitigate the inequioty of
their forced participation in the bankruptcy priority system.  Moreover, since a
new class of senior claims threatens  [*1081]  all other creditors, these
creditors will undertake to reduce the threat of tort liability to their
recovery.  Both secured and unsecured creditors will induce the debtor, through
higher interest rates, monitoring, or denials of further credit, to observe a
higher standard of care and to obtain realistic insurance.  n150 By raising the
standard of care and increasing interest rates, creditors will force debtors to
internalize the social costs of their activities.  Thus, each firm will have an
incentive to account for tort liability beyond the point of insolvency in order
to obtain credit.

   The extent of internalization under this superpriority approach would be
greater than in any other proposal becuase all of the debtor's creditors would
have an incentive to monitor.  The combined monitoring efforts of small trade
creditors, who may have the advantage of being close to a company's operations,
and large secured creditors, who may have greater access to financial data and
the ability to exert greater pressure on the debtor,  n151 will be more
effective than the efforts of either group alone.

   These extra monitoring activities will induce the debtor firm to raise its
standard of care, increase its prices to reflect social cost, obtain insurance
to cover more claims, and, ultimately, produce only an efficient amount of an
efficiently safe product.  Tort-claim superpriority will also reduce economic
dislocation by ensuring that tort victims will be compensated.  Moreover, the
superpriority approach will allocate risk more efficiently among the relevant
economic decisionmakers, shifting risk from tort victims to insurers or
creditors, who can better bear that risk.  n152 Finally, this solution redresses
the unfairness of subordinating uninformed, involuntary tort claimants to those
in a better bargaining position.  Although the proposal would not allow tort
claimants to choose their debtors, it would compensate them with greater
certainty.  On a retribution level, the superpriority proposal would also
satisfy the tort system's goal of corrective justice by ensuring that those who
caused an injury (the manufacturers), or contributed to its commission (the
creditors), would bear the liability for injury.  n153 Tort-claim superpriority
is, therefore, the most efficient and equitable solution.

    [*1082]  Critics of affording tort claims superpriority might advance three
arguments against this proposal.  First, while increased credit costs might be
offset by decreased accident costs, interest and insurance rates to firms making
dangerous products might be prohibitive.  Testing this assertion is impossible
without implementing this program, but there is reason to suspect it is
incorrect.  Equity security holders now invest in firms that make dangerous
products.  Since the proposal would put creditors in the same position that
equity holders now occupy relative to tort claimants, creditors might well
continue to invest, albeit at a higher rate of interest.  Even if the assertion
were true, a company that cannot internalize all the costs of its product and
remain solvent should not continue to exist in the market.  n154 Government
subsidies could be arranged to guarantee production of essential but
unprofitable products.  n155

   Second, imposing the costs of the debtor's "sins" on his creditors is
arguably unfair.  But the current priority system already imposes this kind of
cost on unsecured creditors because unsecured creditors share pro rata with tort
claimants.  Furthermore, voluntary creditors can bargain around the possibility
of these tort costs and receive higher compensation.  And there is arguably
nothing unfair about holding creditors who supply the funds to carry out a
particular accident-causing activity partially responsible for the results of
that activity.

   Third, the superpriority approach might violate the "takings clause" of the
fifth amendment by reducing retroactively the expected value of secured
creditors' rights in their collateral.  n156 This objection is easily met by
introducing reform only prospectively.  [*1083]  Current secured interests would
then retain their priority, only future interests would be affected, and no
takings issue would arise.

D.  Catastrophe and the Limits of Monitoring

   Given current technological limits on discovering product defects,
catastrophes that exceed the total assets or insurance of a particular firm can
occur; no level of monitoring can prevent a catastrophic accident.  n157 Once
one does occur, only distributional concerns are important.  The proposed
solution allocates the risk of catastrophe more efficiently than the current
system because the creditors and insurers would bear the entire cost of
accidents to the extent of the insurance purchased or the creditors' loans.
n158 Beyond this point, however, tort claimants still would be uncompensated.If
catastrophes occur too frequently, the superpriority proposal should be
supplemented by some form of mandatory liability insurance, at perhaps two or
three times a company's net worth,  n159 to ensure more complete compensation of
tort victims.

E.  Implementation

   The best way to implement the proposal would be through an amendment to the
Uniform Commercial Code that would embody  [*1084]  the new rule of tort-claim
superpriority.  n160 Each state should then adopt the rule as part of its state
code.  This superpriority would be prospective only to avoid any takings issue
respecting existing security interests.  At the federal level, Congress must
ensure that the Bankruptcy Code respects this state-law superpriority for tort
claimants.  n161 In this manner, the Bankruptcy Code would ensure identical
outcomes whether a debtor chose state liquidation or bankruptcy and thus would
prevent the debtor and its voluntary creditors from using the federal bankruptcy
laws strategically to avoid state-guaranteed tort claimant priority.

   CONCLUSION

   In the current system of creditor priorities set out in the Uniform
Commercial Code and adopted by the Bankruptcy Code, tort claimants are relegated
to the lowest priority position -- that of an unsecured creditor.  Tort
claimants are involuntary, nonbargaining creditors forced to participate in a
framework designed for creditors who have voluntarily bargained for their
position.  Forcing tort claimants to share equally with voluntary, unsecured
creditors and subordinating them to the interests of secured creditors is
unfair.  The junior position of tort claimants also leads to economic
inefficiency.  Producers who can shift accident costs to tort victims will
observe a lower-than-efficient standard of care, produce more dangerous products
than society demands, and thus cause more than the efficient number of
accidents.

   The most promising solution to the problems caused by tort claimant priority
is to elevate tort creditors to the highest level of the secured priority
system.  This reform would lead to increased monitoring  [*1085]  of the
company's activities by its other creditors, and greater levels of liability
insurance.  Since tort creditors would no longer be subjugated to the interests
of other creditors and would receive greater compensation, this system would be
fair to tort claimants.  This system also would be fair to voluntary creditors,
who can bargain to be compensated for their extra risk.  And because the
proposed reform would force companies to internalize accident costs, it would
lead to economic efficiency.  Although short term credit costs would likely rise
if this proposal were adopted, this rise should be more than offset by the
social benefits of fewer accidents and the adequate protection of accident
victims.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Bankruptcy LawClaimsTypesSecured Claims & LiensGeneral OverviewCommercial Law
(UCC)Secured Transactions (Article 9)PriorityCreditor PrioritiesPurchase-Money
Security InterestsCommercial Law (UCC)Secured Transactions (Article
9)PriorityLiens

FOOTNOTES:




n1  In this note, "Bankruptcy Code" or "Code" refers to the Bankruptcy Reform
Act of 1978, Pub. L. No. 95-598, 92 Stat. 2549 (codified at 11 U.S.C. §§ 101
-151326 (1982) and at 28 U.S.C. §§ 151-160, 581-589, 771-775, 1293, 1334, 1408,
1471-1482, 1930, 2256 (1982)).




n2  The management of Manville determined that the company's assets were
insufficient to meet more than two billion dollars of estimated tort liability,
and concluded that bankruptcy was the only solution.  See generally Bulow,
Jackson & Mnookin, Winners and Losers in the Manville Bankruptcy, Wall St. J.,
Nov. 4, 1982, at 30, col. 3.




n3  In a liquidation proceeding under Chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code, claims
secured by valid bankruptcy liens, see 11 U.S.C. § 101(27)-(28) (1982), and on
property of the estate, see id. § 541, are satisfied before unsecured claims,
id. § 726.  In a reorganization under Chapter 11 of the Code, secured and
unsecured claimants receive payment through a plan of rehabilitation, id. §§
1121, 1123.  Under § 1123, the debtor or his trustee must propose a plan that
contemplates paying off the corporate debts with either corporate assets or
future earnings from operations.  Often, a Chapter 11 plan offers creditors
long-term bonds or other securities as payment.  Whatever the proposal, lien
creditors or secured creditors have priority, and therefore unsecured creditors
receive very little on the dollar.




n4  Public outcry against Manville has been based primarily on the assumption
that Manville somehow defrauded its potential and actual tort victims by a
misuse of the bankruptcy law.  This is simply not the case.  The bankruptcy laws
were created to protect debtors who were unable to meet their liabilities.
After Manville discovered that its liabilities would far exceed its assets, it
was natural for the company to file for bankruptcy.  Further, it is difficult to
say that Manville or its stockholder-owners unfairly escaped their debt when all
of the company's assets are being redistributed and the stockholders, who occupy
the lowest bankruptcy payment priority level, will probably receive little or
nothing from the distribution and lose most of their investment.




n5  In this scenario, Manville would have sold its assets for cash, subject to
execution judgments by creditors on a first-come, first-served basis (or under
some special state statutory scheme) with preference given to creditors with
secured status granted by state law under some version of U.C.C. art. 9 (1972).
Again, Manville's liability would be limited, its shareholders would lose
everything, and the tort creditors -- especially those who were unable to obtain
execution judgments -- would get little or nothing.  See, e.g., N.Y. CIV. PRAC.
LAW, art. 52 (McKinney 1978) (Enforcement of Money Judgments) for an example of
state remedies.




n6  Article 9 of the Uniform Commercial Code, as adopted in 49 states,
determines whether a security interest will enjoy priority under sections 724
and 725 of the Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. §§ 724, 725 (1982).




n7  See generally Jackson, Bankruptcy, Non-Bankruptcy Entitlements, and the
Creditors' Bargain, 91 YALE L.J. 857 (1982).




n8  Recent product liability actions that exemplify this kind of large-scale
tort liability are the toxic shock, DES, and Agent Orange cases.  Even if the
actual number of tort claimants deprived of compensation by the secured credit
system were small, this problem would still deserve attention because of the
inequitable results and economic dislocation undercompensation causes in the
cases that do occur.




n9  11 U.S.C. § 506 (1982).




n10  Id. § 507 (1982).




n11  Id. §§ 724(b)(1), 7259, cf. id. § 507 (unsecured priorities).




n12  Assets are distributed to creditors in reorganization in accordance with a
reorganization plan, 11 U.S.C. § 1123 (1982), and payment of debts may consist
of equity or debt securities issued by the debtor, Id. § 1123(a)(5)(J).  Secured
creditors are placed in a separate, favored class, id. § 1122, and are protected
because they must vote to approve the plan, id. § 1129. Moreover, if they
dissent, they must receive "fair and equitable" compensation.  Id. § 1129(b).
See Klee, All You Ever Wanted to Know About Cram Down Under the New Bankruptcy
Code, 53 AM. BANKR. L.J. 133 (1979). Although the process of the sale of the
enterprise differs from liquidation, nothing calls for different standards of
allocation among the claims in the two types of proceedings.  Jackson, supra
note 7, at 895.  Cf. Schwartz, Security Interests and Bankruptcy Priorities: A
Review of Current Theories, 10 J. LEGAL STUD. 1, 6 n.22 (1981) (secured
creditors do worse in reorganization than in liquidation because they may have
to wait long periods of time before foreclosure and because stock in a
reorganized corporation often trades at a large discount; but in any event
secured creditors do better than general creditors).




n13  11 U.S.C. § 725 (1982). The trustee in bankruptcy may sometimes disallow
certain security interests that are valid outside of bankruptcy, for example,
where the debtor's estate includes exempt property, id. § 522(f).  These claims
are usually only a small portion of the total of secured claims, and therefore
have little bearing on the general priority scheme.




n14  See 2 G. GILMORE, SECURITY INTERESTS IN PERSONAL PROPERTY § 45.2 (1965)
("[T]he Bankruptcy Act itself should provide principally a procedural framework
for . . . liquidation." The actual "determination of which property interests in
the bankrupt's assets were to be recognized as valid . . . was to be left to
state law."); Hill, The Erie Doctrine in Bankruptcy, 66 HARV. L. REV. 1013, 1035
(1953) (purpose of bankruptcy is to provide a system for the vindication of
state-given rights).  See also Butner v. United States, 440 U.S. 48, 54 (1979)
("Congress has generally left the determination of property rights in the assets
of a bankrupt's estate to state law."); 11 U.S.C. § 725 (1982) (prior to general
distribution, trustee shall distribute property "in which an entity other than
the estate has an interest, such as alien. . . .").




n15  See generally J. WHITE & R. SUMMERS, HANDBOOK OF THE LAW UNDER THE UNIFORM
COMMERCIAL CODE §§ 22-26 (2d ed. 1980).  U.C.C. art. 9 has been adopted in 49
states (Louisiana is the exception) as the basis for determining rights among
lien or secured creditors.  D. FPSTEIN, DEBTOR-CREDITOR LAW IN A NUTSHELL, 80-81
(1980).




n16  According to the comment to U.C.C. § 9-101 (1972), "The aim of this Article
is to provide a simple and unified structure within the immense variety of
present-day secured financing transactions can go forward with less cost and
with greater certainty."




n17  When the debtor encumbers his assets to secure a particular creditor, he
necessarily gives priority to that creditor over all his unsecured creditors
since, upon the debtor's insolvency, the secured creditor may appropriate as
much of the debtor's property as is necessary to liquidate her claim before any
unsecured claimant can receive anything.  See U.C.C. §§ 9-501, 9-507 (1972);
Jackson & Kronman, Secured Financing and Priorities Among Creditors, 88 YALE
L.J. 1143, 1147 (1979).




n18  The price a creditor charges for credit varies directly with the risk of
the loan advanced.  See, e.g., R. POSNER, ECONOMIC ANALYSIS OF LAW 293-94 (2d
ed. 1977).  Since secured credit reduces the risk of nonpayment by allowing the
secured creditor to recover his collateral, Jackson & Kronman, supra note 17, at
1147, and reduces the amount of monitoring necessary to protect the creditor's
investment, id. at 1153, secured loans bear a lower interest rate than unsecured
loans.  Granting a security interest to one creditor, however, necessarily
increases the risk to the debtor's other creditors, and they will raise their
interest rates to compensate.  Id. at 1154.




n19  See U.C.C. §§ 9-107, 9-312(3)-(4) (1972).  Article 9 enables a lender who
has financed the debtor's acquisition of a particular asset to create a security
interest in that asset that is superior to any earlier interest claimed by any
other secured party.  This priority is especially important because it
represents an exception to the Code's principal method of ranking security
interests -- the rule of first-in-time, first-in-right, see id. § 9-312(5).  The
theoretical rationale for this superpriority has never been fully explained.
See Jackson & Kronman, A Plea for the Financing Buyer, 85 YALE L.J. 1, 2 n.8
(1975).




n20  U.C.C. § 9-312(5) (1972).  This rule seems equitable because all secured
parties must give notice of their interests to any prospective creditor by
filing a state financing statement.  Id. §§ 9-401, 9-402.




n21  Under section 9-201, a security agreement generally "is effective according
to its terms between the parties, against purchasers of the collateral and
against creditors."




n22  See note 14 supra and accompanying text.




n23  One can conceive of the system of secured credit as a framework in which
creditors can bargain to protect their positions in the event of insolvency.
See Moore, Foreword, 41 LAW & CONTEMP. PROBS. 1, 9 (1977).  If federal law
failed to respect creditors' reliance on this framework, strategic behavior
would be induced among those creditors who would be better off in a bankruptcy
proceeding than they would be if the debtor simply continued to operate under
state law.  See Jackson, supra note 7, at 861-64.




n24  11 U.S.C. § 101(4) (1982).




n25  See D. EPSTEIN, supra note 15, at 259.




n26  The proceeds from the sale of the debtor's assets become property of the
estate under 11 U.S.C. § 541 (1982). This estate is reduced by valid liens
(secured claims) under section 725, except for exempt property, which goes to
the debtor under section 507.  The remaining property of the estate is
distributed first according to the priorities of sectioin 507 (such as
administrative expenses and other special exemptions which are small and
unimportant for the purposes of this discussion) and then under section 726 to
allowed unsecured claims.  Within this class of unsecured claimants, payment is
made pro rata if the remaining estate is inadequate to satisfy all claims.  Id.
§ 726(b) (1982).




n27  Professor Countryman, a critic of the Uniform Commercial Code, states:

   My theme for today is inspired by what many practitioners and bankruptcy
referees tell me about the impact of the Uniform Commercial Code upon bankruptcy
proceedings.  They report that with the Code now in effect in every state but
Louisiana, more and more bankruptcy cases emerge with every scrap of the
bankrupt's property covered by some sort of a Code security interest, so that
nothing is left even for payment of expenses of administration.  That means, of
course, that nothing will be distributed to any unsecured creditor with or
without priority.
Countryman, Code Security Interests in Bankruptcy, 75 COM. L.J. 269 (1970). See
also 2 COLLIER ON BANKRUPTCY § 363.01 (15th ed. 1979) (unsecured creditors
should receive more favorable treatment).




n28  Granting security to one claimant necessarily increases the risk other
creditors must bear, since the remaining pool of assets will be reduced by the
amount that is secured.  Since risk is increased, the expected value of the
unsecured creditors' claims in bankruptcy is reduced.  See Jackson & Kronman,
supra note 17, at 1147 n.22.See also V. BRUDNEY & M. CHIRELSTEIN, CASES AND
MATERIALS ON CORPORATE FINANCE 144-55 (2d ed. 1979) (discussing expected value
in financial context).




n29  The detailed filing requirements of the Uniform Commercial Code ensure that
a secured creditor provides notice to all later creditors of the increased risk
they face.  Section 9-312(5)(a) provides that a security interest "dates from
the time a filing is first made covering the collateral." The filing must
contain the names, addresses, and the types of items the collateral covers.  See
U.C.C. § 9-402 (1972).




n30  See Jackson & Kronman, supra note 17, at 1148.  This proposition assumes
that the credit market is perfectly competitive and that no extrinsic factors
other than risk force a creditor to deal with one debtor rather than another.
See also R. POSNER, supra note 18, at 293-94; Meckling, Financial Markets,
Default, and Bankruptcy: The Role of the State, 41 LAW & CONTEMP. PROBS., Autumn
1977, at 13, 15-16.




n31  Firms that pose some risk of default often "cannot obtain credit on an
unsecured basis. . . .  In order to make a loan, lenders require security so as
to reduce their risk of loss." J. VAN HORNE, FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT AND POLICY 454
(6th ed. 1983).  But see Schwartz, supra note 12, at 7 n.23 (no showing that
creditors will actually refuse to lend rather than to simply increase interest
rate charged).




n32  Jackson & Kronman, supra note 17, at 1148.




n33  This note's statements about the "efficiency" of alternative legal rules
are generally based on the technical concept of potential Pareto efficiency.
For an explanation of the application of Pareto-principle arguments to legal
policy analysis, see A.M. POLINSKY, AN INTRODUCTION TO LAW AND ECONOMICS 7 & n.4
(1983).




n34  See generally Jackson & Kronman, supra note 17, at 1149; Smith & Warner,
Bankruptcy, Secured Debt, and Optimal Capital Structure: Comment, 34 J. FIN. 247
(1979) (discussion of monitoring efficiency arguments underlying secured
credit).  If the transaction costs of monitoring a debt are a deadweight loss to
society, reducing those costs will free resources used in this monitoring for
other more productive uses and thus move society to a higher level of
efficiency.




n35  Once a creditor sets an interest rate, and absent any other conditions in
the loan agreement, the debtor can engage in a riskier activity without
affecting the terms under which the creditor has extended the capital the debtor
uses to finance that activity.  See Jackson & Kronman, supra note 17, at
1149-50.




n36  Interest rates on loans vary in direct proportion to the risk that such
loans will not be repaid.  When a debtor behaves in a more risky manner than
expected, the underlying assumption concerning the risk of nonpayment no longer
holds.  If the creditor were to make the loan under the new risk conditions, he
would charge a higher rate of interest to compensate for the greater uncertainty
of repayment.




n37  The debtor is then getting something -- the difference between the market
interest rate at his level of risk and the rate actually being charged -- for
nothing, since he does not need to control the riskiness of his enterprise or
pay the correct price for the capital he is using in that enterprise.  See
Jackson & Kronman, supra note 17, at 1149.  Firms with limited shareholder
liability would be the most likely to engage in such misbehavior because they
would capture most of the gains if a high risk project paid off, but would bear
only part of the loss in the event of failure.  The creditors would be forced to
bear the balance of the loss.  Schwartz, supra note 12, at 10.




n38  See, e.g., R. POSNER, supra note 18, at 294 (raising interest rates);
Jensen & Meckling, Theory of the Firm: Managerial Behavior, Agency Costs and
Ownership Structure, 3 J. FIN. ECON. 305, 308, 337-39 (1976) (monitoring).




n39  Jackson & Kronman, supra note 17, at 1150.  The debtor has an incentive to
cooperate with the creditor's attempts at monitoring because he can thereby
obtain other loans at relatively low interest rates.




n40  Id. at 1151.  Whether a creditor relies on monitoring depends on how much
that monitoring costs and on the probability that the debtor will misbehave.
Id; Jensen & Meckling, supra note 38, at 337-39.




n41  Since a security interest is granted in a particular asset of the debtor,
and that asset is subject to a lien in the amount of the debt, the creditor need
only be concerned with the condition and continued existence of the secured
asset.  Moreover, because asset substitution -- the replacement of original
production machinery with riskier machinery in order to make larger returns
possible -- is a primary means of debtor misbehavior, secured credit may partly
serve the function of actual monitoring: A security interest, which continues in
effect after sale or transfer of the collateral, U.C.C. § 9-306(2) (1972),
discourages asset substitution by limiting market demand for encumbered assets.
See Smith & Warner, supra note 34, at 250.




n42  See note 28 supra and accompanying text.




n43  Voluntary unsecured creditors can bargain for increased compensation for
this greater level of risk.  They can increase interest rates, obtain security
interests themselves, or reduce the risk of the loan by monitoring the debtor or
by insuring against nonpayment.  See note 30 supra and accompanying text.




n44  For example, trade creditors (one kind of unsecured creditor) may enjoy an
informational advantage; because of their continuing contact with the debtor and
those in the debtor's business, they can more easily evaluate the debtor's
representations and recognize any significant change in the debtor's business or
financial affairs.  See Jackson & Kronman, supra note 17, at 1160.  But see
Schwartz, supra note 12, at 11 n.28 (bankers may actually be in best position to
monitor the debtor, and banks are usually secured).




n45  See note 41 supra.




n46  This might be termed Kaldor-Hicks efficiency.  A move is desirable under
the Kaldor-Hicks criterion if the "winners" could compensate the losers and
still be better off.  The criterion is met even if no such compensation is made.
See Hicks, Foundations of Welfare Economics, 49 ECON. J. 696 (1939); Kaldor,
Welfare Propositions of Economics and Interpersonal Comparisons of Utility, 49
ECON. J. 549 (1939).




n47  Cf. Ross, The Determination of Financial Structure: The
Incentive-Signalling Appoach, 8 BELL J. ECON. 23 (1977) (dividends as signal of
future earnings).




n48  See notes 28-32 supra and accompanying text.




n49  If liability for a tort attaches to a debtor and this liability is reduced
to money judgment in court, the victim is clearly a creditor of the tortfeasor.
This is no less true when the liability is unliquidated -- the victim is a
creditor of the tortfeasor although the exact amount of the debt is not set.
For this reason, and because some tort liability may be unavoidable in some
situations, tort claims have come to be considered a normal cost of doing
business, indistinguishable in theory from commercial claims.  See, e.g.,
Calabresi, Some Thoughts on Risk Distribution and the Law of Torts, 70 YALE L.J.
499 (1961); Note, Tort Claims and the Bankrupt Corporation, 78 YALE L.J. 475,
479 (1969).

   Although some tort claimants can be said to be "voluntary" in the sense that
they assumed some risk in their dealings with the creditor, it is unreasonable
to expect consumers to assess a company's financial condition as well as the
safety of the product in question.  (Note that although contractual claims can
easily be converted into tort claims in many cases, for the purpose of
simplicity, in this note, "tort claimant" will refer only to personal injury
victims.)




n50  See notes 28-30 supra and accompanying text.  The system of secured credit
is fair only when all creditors have adequate information and can react to the
existence of prior secured claims or to the possibility of insolvency by raising
interest rates or finding some other means of self-protection.  See Jackson &
Kronman, supra note 17, at 1147-48; Posner, The Rights of Creditors of
Affiliated Corporations, 43 U. CHI. L. REV. 499, 502-05 (1976); Note, Tort
Claims Under the Present and Proposed Bankruptcy Acts, 11 U. MICH. J.L. REF.
417, 435 (1978). Even if a tort victim were fully informed, he would lack the
opportunity to bargain with the debtor because his participation in the tort was
involuntary.  See Jackson, supra note 7, at 902-03; Posner, supra, at 520 (tort
victims cannot negotiate for compensation of their injuries).




n51  Several commentators have recognized that the assumptions underlying the
consensual security system are inapplicable to uninformed, involuntary
claimants.  See, e.g., Jackson, supra note 7, at 902-03; Schwartz, supra note
12, at 32.  Professor Shanker argues that bankruptcy priorities should serve the
interets of claimants who:

   (1) did not choose to deal with or extend credit to the bankrupt, (2) did not
intend to take the risk of his insolvency, (3) had no advantage or profit to
gain from becoming a creditor of the bankrupt, and (4) had no way of insisting
upon cash or security before the debt was incurred.
Shanker, The Worthier Creditors (And a Cheer for the King), 1 CAN. BUS. L.J.
340, 349 (1976).  The current priority system places tort claimants in the
lowest category of creditors, despite the fact that they meet all of these
requirements.




n52  See notes 24-27 supra and accompanying text.




n53  See notes 28-32 supra and accompanying text.




n54  See note 27 supra.




n55  Schwartz, supra note 12, at 34.




n56  Id. For a discussion of corrective justice, see Epstein, A Theory of Strict
Liability, 2 J. LEGAL STUD. 151 (1973); Fletcher, Fairness and Utility in Tort
Theory, 85 HARV. L. REV. 537 (1972).




n57 " The fundamental goal of damage awards in the unintentional tort area is to
return the plaintiff as closely as possible to his condition before the
accident." M. FRANKLIN & R. RABIN, TORT LAW AND ALTERNATIVES: CASES AND
MATERIALS 432 (3d ed. 1983).  The compensation goal is best illustrated by the
damages rules governing tort litigation.  Such rules allow recovery for lost
wages, economic harm, pain and suffering, and actual medical expenses in both
the past and the present.  See generally id.




n58  An important factor courts have used to balance interests in tort cases has
been the parties' relative abilities to bear the loss at issue (i.e., to absorb,
spread, or avoid the loss).  See W. PROSSER, LAW OF TORTS 22 (4th ed. 1971);
Feezer, Capacity to Bear Loss as a Factor in the Decision of Certain Types of
Tort Cases, 78 U. PA. L. REV. 805 (1930).




n59  By awarding compensatory damages for certain harmful acts, legal rules give
actors incentives to forgo these acts.  The incentives may be created by both
actual monetary damages and residual moral condemnation.  See W. PROSSER, supra
note 58, at 23.




n60  Even if tort claimants were given priority over all other creditors, the
assets of a corporate debtor in bankruptcy are necessarily limited, and,
therefore, the victim still might not be fully compensated.  This is especially
true in cases of extemely high liability due to a catastrophic product defect.
Yet, despite this problem, a proper priority system would create ex ante
incentives leading to a lower absolute number of accidents and a higher
compensation rate ex post.  Catastrophes may still occur, but they should be far
less frequent.




n61  As Professor Prosser points out, "the defendants in tort cases are to a
large extent public utilities, industrial corporations, commercial enterprises .
. . and others who by means of rates, prices, taxes or insurance are best able
to distribute to the public at large the risks and losses which are inevitable
in a complex civilization." PROSSER, supra note 58, at 22.  Plaintiffs, on the
other hand, are frequently individuals unable to absorb the huge loss of
personal injury.  If victims purchase adequate amounts of insurance, they may be
in the same position to absorb costs as corporate defendants.  Yet, for several
reasons, victims are unlikely to insure adequately.  See A.M. POLINSKY, supra
note 33, at 102.




n62  A strict liability rule is designed to compensate for lack of information
on the part of the victim.  See notes 76-81 infra and accompanying text.  To the
extent that he victim relies on legal rules of liability to insure compensation
and forgoes any other precautionary measures, the victim will be unprepared to
bear the cost of his injury.




n63  The creditors' relations with the debtor are important if corrective
justice is assumed to be a proper goal of tort law.  Corrective justice mandates
that a victim be able to recover from a defendant if the defendant has harmed
some interest of the victim.  See note 56 supra and accompanying text.  If the
corporate defendant caused the victim harm and the victim is unable to recover
from the corporation in bankruptcy, the goal of corrective justice is
unrealized.  Because the debtor's creditors contributed to the victim's injury
by providing capital for the wrongdoer's operations, the victim should have a
right to some compensation from them.  Yet, under the current priority system,
the victim is likely to be uncompensated, and those who have harmed the victim,
including the secured creditors who facilitated that harm, do not pay for their
actions.




n64  For a general discussion of the efficiency of various tort liability rules,
see A.M. POLINSKY, supra note 33, at 38-44, 95-110; Brown, Toward an Economic
Theory of Liability, 2 J. LEGAL STUD. 323 (1973); Calabresi, Optimal Deterrence
and Accidents, 84 YALE L.J. 656 (1975); Shavell, Strict Liability versus
Negligence, 9 J. LEGAL STUD. 1 (1980). But see Kelman, Misunderstanding Social
Life: A Critique of the Core Premises of "Law and Economics," 33 J. LEGAL EDUC.
274 (1983). As described by Professors Calabresi and Melamed, economic
efficiency produces "that allocation of resources which could not be improved in
the sense that a further change would not so improve the condition of those who
gained by it that they could compensate those who lost from it and still be
better off than before." Calabresi & Melamed, Property Rules, Liability Rules
and Inalienability: One View of the Cathedral, 85 HARV. L. REV. 1089, 1094
(1972). This condition is commonly referred to as potential Pareto efficiency or
Kaldor-Hicks efficiency.  See note 46 supra.  See, e.g., K. ARROW, SOCIAL CHOICE
AND INDIVIDUAL VALUES 34-37 (2d ed. 1963).




n65  See Brown, supra note 64, at 323; Posner, A Theory of Negligence, 1 J.
LEGAL STUD. 29 (1972).




n66  One commentator has labeled as negligence the case in which the producer
fails to take precautions that cost less than the accident.  Calabresi &
Hirschoff, Toward a Test for Strict Liability in Torts, 81 YALE L.J. 1055, 1057
(1972). Cf. United States v. Carroll Towing Co., 159 F.2d 169, 173 (2d Cir.
1947) (Learned Hand formulation of negligence).  In any case, the normative
analysis in the text depends on the marginal costs of accidents; a producer
should avoid one additional accident if its costs exceed the price he would have
to pay to avoid it.

   For example, assuming all costs are calculable, if the cost of allowing an
accident to occur is $ 100 and the cost of preventing that accident is $ 101,
the accident should be allowed to occur.  In this way, society will save $ 1.
An activity is socially beneficial if it is engaged in only up to the point
where a marginal increase in benefits equals the positive social marginal cost
in accident losses.  See e.g., Shavell, supra note 64, at 2 n.3.  Of course, the
producer will observe this socially beneficial standard of care only when he
must bear the full cost of accidents.  The producer will minimize society's
total costs by observing the standard of care that yields the lowest sum of
accident and prevention costs.  Assuming that the costs of prevention are linear
as represented by line a in Figure 1 below, and that the costs of accidents
decrease for each additional dollar spent on prevention (curve b), this occurs
at point P[1], the minimum point on curve c (the sum of curves a and b) in
Figure 1.  The advantage of a strict liability regime is that it forces the
producer to internalize all costs.  Because the producer is held liable for all
accident costs borne by society, he must minimize these costs (curve b) in order
to decrease his own total costs (curve c).  Thus, by seeking his own optimal
level of costs, the producer minimizes society's total costs as well, and point
P[1] is equal to the socially optimal standard of care.

   [See Illustration in Original]

   In a negligence regime, represented by Figure 2, under which producers are
not liable for all accident costs borne by society, but only for the costs of
accidents that occur if the producer is observing a standard of care below that
set by the courts.  The producer will observe the socially optimal standard of
care represented by P[1] only if the courts correctly impose that standard.  If,
for example, the courts impose liability on the producer observing a standard of
care less than P[2], the producer will minimize his costs -- but not society's
-- by observing P[2].  Thus, under a negligence regime, an optimal level of
accident costs for society is not always obtained as a result of rational
producer behavior.

   [See Illustration in Original]




n67  The intuitive basis of the argument is the notion that if the legal regime
prohibited all accidents ex ante (through rules forcing firms to set expected
accident costs equal to zero), our society would come to a halt.  All activities
entail risks that must be balanced against the associated benefits.




n68  For a good discussion of the role played by activity level in formulating
an economically efficient rule of liability, see Shavell, supra note 64.




n69  The ideal competitive market assumes that all the relevant consumers and
producers have perfect information, each producer has no control over the price
of his product, all producers can easily enter and exit the particular industry,
and all of their products are identical.  See E. MANSFIELD, MICROECONOMICS:
THEORY AND APPLICATION 234 (1975); A.M. POLINSKY, supra note 33, at 85-89; cf.
Stigler, Perfect Competition Historically Contemplated, reprinted in
MICROECONOMICS: SELECTED READINGS 167 (E. Mansfield 2d ed. 1975).




n70  See generally A.M. POLINSKY, supra note 33, at 85-88.  Assuming a
competitive market, the producer will set his price equal to the marginal cost
of production and will produce at the level demanded by society at that price.




n71  The full costs of the product (production costs and external costs) are
reflected in the shelf price if the producer is held liable for all social
costs.  External costs are then just another cost of production.  If the
producer is not held liable for all social costs, then the consumer with perfect
information must add any external costs to the shelf price to arrive at the true
social cost of the product.  See id. at 97-99.




n72  By definition, in a perfectly competitive market, all producers produce
identical goods so that the lowest priced product captures all of the demand.
See E. MANSFIELD, supra note 69, at 236.




n73  For a discussion of consumer information, see A.M. POLINSKY, supra note 33,
at 96-99.




n74  Where there is perfect consumer information, the rule of liability does not
matter because either the producer will account for all costs in his price under
a strict liability regime, or the consumer can add accident costs that the
consumer will have to bear in a negligence or no-liability regime to the
product's shelf price to determine its total effective price.  See id. at
95-104; Shavell, supra note 64, at 4.  The rules of liability begin to matter
when the assumption of perfect information no longer holds.  See. A.M. POLINSKY,
supra note 33, at 97.




n75  Third-party bystanders are persons who are neither purchasers nor users of
a product and who have no relation to the producer, such as pedestrians hit by
automobiles, home-owners whose groundwater is contaminated by toxic chemicals,
or children whose mothers ingested DES during pregnancy.




n76  There are several reasons to believe imperfect information is the norm
among consumers, especially where the injury has a delayed manifestation, as
does asbestosis.  First, the costs of acquiring adequate information may be
prohibitively high, especially when the risk of accident is perceived as being
slight.  People will not bear the "search costs" necessary to determine the
probability and extent of every risk they might encounter.  See Calabresi &
Hirschoff, supra note 66, at 1071.  But see Posner, Strict Liability: A Comment,
2 J. LEGAL STUD.  205, 209 (1973) (consumers provide a potential market for the
results of successful accident-prevention research).  Second, consumers
generally underestimate the likelihood that they will be accident victims and
are therefore unable accurately to take the risk of harm into account when
evaluating the cost of the product.  Calabresi & Hirschoff, supra note 66, at
1062 ("Unless the user has reason to believe himself to be in the dangerous
category and unless a close substitute exists which at some cost avoids the
danger, the user is hardly in a position to evaluate the benefits of the product
as against its costs.").  Third, information about product safety is usually in
the producer's control.  A producer tends to represent his products as safer
than they actually are or to fail to reveal the dangerous aspects of their
products in more than a perfunctory manner.  This is reflected in the many cases
brought against manufacturers whose warnings of possible defects were deemed to
be not specific enough, see, e.g., Boyl v. California Chem. Co., 221 F. Supp.
669 (D. Or. 1963); Burch v. Amsterdam Corp., 366 A.2d 1079 (D.C. 1976), or where
the manufacturer's means of communicating the danger was inadequate to reach the
potential consumers, see, e.g., Broderick v. Bascom Co., 197 N.W.2d 282 (Iowa
1972). If producers deliberately fail to disclose harmful product information,
they may be liable for punitive damages.  See, e.g., Grimshaw v. Ford Motor Co.,
119 Cal. App. 3d 757, 174 Cal. Rptr. 348 (1981). Although some economists argue
that product safety information will be generated by the competitive pressures
of the market, e.g., Posner, supra, at 211, it may take time to discover
dangers, or perfect substitutes for the dangerous product may not
exist.Calabresi & Hirschoff, supra note 66, at 1062-63 & n. 29.




n77  See Shavell, supra note 64, at 4.  The quantity of a product demanded by
society is determined by its price.  When the price reflects all costs
(production, accident, and accident avoidance costs), society will purchase only
an efficient amount of the product.  If, however, the producer does not
internalize all accident costs borne by society into the price and if consumers
do not adjust the shelf price to account for these additional costs, consumers
will be reacting to an artificially low price and will accordingly demand too
much of the product, which will in turn cause too many accidents.




n78  Id. at 5.  If the producer need not pay for accidents, he need not account
for accident costs nor take appropriate care.  In fact, it would not be
economically feasible for him to adopt a higher standard of care, for consumers
would fail to appreciate the resulting decrease in total product cost and would
therefore be unwilling to pay the higher price necessary for the producer to
remain competitive with producers of less safe products.




n79  See, e.g., Kelly v. General Motors Corp., 487 F. Supp. 1041, 1046 (D. Mont.
1980); A.M. POLINSKY, supra note 33, at 98; Shavell, supra note 64, at 4.  This
is especially the case where third party bystanders are involved.  Calabresi &
Hirschoff, supra note 66, at 1071-72; Note, Assumption of Risk and Strict
Products Liability, 95 HARV. L. REV. 872, 879 (1982); Note, Tort Claims and the
Bankrupt Corporation, 78 YALE L.J. 475, 479 n.21 (1969). Negligence is
ineffective because, even assuming the court sets the correct standard of care,
the producer will only add to the manufacturing cost of his product the costs of
accidents he will bear.  This is true even though these costs are less than the
costs imposed on society by nonnegligent accidents.  The price will be
articially low and too much product will be produced.




n80  See Shavell, Supra note 64, at 3-5.  Producers will engage in research and
development to reduce accident costs to the extent this will give them a
competitive advantage in the market.




n81  See notes 65-67 supra and accompanying text.  Moreover, a product may prove
dangerous beyond anyone's expectations.  In that case, too many accidents will
occur even if the producer has observed a standard of care that he thought would
make the product efficiently safe.The decision to impose liability in this case
is a purely distributional matter.




n82  For a general discussion of these concerns, see G. CALABRESI, THE COSTS OF
ACCIDENTS: A LEGAL AND ECONOMIC ANALYSIS 39-54 (1970).  Secondary, avoidable
costs can refer to such things as pain, a drop in social status, or other social
dislocations.  See generally S. DUESENBERRY, INCOME SAVING AND THE THEORY OR
CONSUMER BEHAVIOR (1959).  For discussion of why the producer may be the better
risk bearer, see notes 85-88 infra and accompanying text.




n83  Of course, if the victim has a great amount of resources, he may be better
able to absorb the cost of an accident.  But producers generally have far more
wealth than consumers.  First party accident insurance could, arguably, put
consumers on an equal footing with producers.  Yet for a variety of reasons,
insurance is not likely to be the answer.  See notes 109-110 infra. Moreover, a
risk allocation discussion assumes that all the costs of accidents can be put in
monetary terms.  Yet injuries often cause pain and suffering that cannot be
fully compensated for by monetary damages and that the victims bear regardless
of the rule of liability.




n84  Risk preferrers are willing to take the risk of a relatively large expected
loss for a relatively small expected benefit -- that is, they are willing to
bear risk.  Risk neutral persons are willing to bear risk in direct proportion
to their expected returns.  Risk averse individuals are unwilling to bear risk
and are willing to pay others to bear risk.




n85  See K. ARROW, ESSAYS IN THE THEORY OF RISK-BEARING 90 (1971); Kahneman &
Tversky, Prospect Theory: An Analysis of Decision Under Risk, 47 ECONOMETRICA
263, 264 (1979) ("The prevalence of risk aversion is perhaps the best known
generalization regarding risky choices.").




n86  See K. ARROW, supra note 85, at 133; H. RAIFFA, DECISION ANALYSIS:
INTRODUCTORY LECTURES ON CHOICES UNDER UNCERTAINTY 91-92 (1968); Note,
Assumption of Risk and Strict Products Liability, supra note 79, at 878-79.
Some argue that corporations are risk averse because managers risk their careers
as well as corporate resources.  See Marcus, Risk Sharing and the Theory of the
Firm, 13 BELL J. ECON. 369 (1982); Amihud & Lev, Risk Reduction as a Managerial
Motive for Conglomerate Mergers, 12 BELL J. ECON. 605 (1981).




n87  See Note, Assumption of Risk and Strict Products Liability, supra note 79,
at 876-82.




n88  The probability distribution of outcomes for consumers has a far greater
variance than the corresponding probability distribution for producers; this
disparity in variance increases the risk consumers must bear.  The reason for
the disparity is the different number of outcomes in the two probability
distributions (i.e., the law of large numbers).  For example, if there is a 50%
chance that an accident costing $ 1000 will occur, then both the producer and
the consumer face a 50% chance of paying $ 1000 and a 50% chance of paying $ 0,
or an expected cost of $ 500.  Although the consumer's expected cost is $ 500,
he does not take the chance with enough frequency to actually face this precise
cost; the $ 500 cost is not in fact a member of the set of potential costs.
Instead, he is faced with a huge $ 1000 variation in outcomes (i.e., the actual
cost will be either $ 0 or $ 1000) and a tremendous amount of uncertainty.  The
producer, on the other hand, engages in the risky activity so often that he can
treat the $ 500 expected cost as a near certainty -- that is, his variance will
drop to near 0.




n89  See G. CALABRESI, supra note 82, at 39; Feezer, supra note 58, at 809-10.




n90  See G. CALABRESI, supra note 82, at 39.  Although this theory of
diminishing marginal utility of wealth has fallen into some disfavor, Calabresi
recognized that the justification for loss spreading remains strong, if only
because large losses generate greater social dislocations than small losses.
Id. at 40.




n91  Id.




n92  See id. at 50-54.  Victims are unlikely to insure for a variety of reasons,
among which is the misperception of accident risks.  See notes 76 supra and 110
infra and accompanying texts.




n93  Enterprise liability also has other justifications.  For example, the
producer is more likely to know of the dangers of his product than consumers of
that product.  See note 76 supra. Because the information cost of discovering a
product's riskiness is lower to the producer than to the consumer, the producer
is in the better position to take precautions at a lower cost to society (i.e.,
research and development is better left to the producer).  Further, strict
liability rests on a moral argument that those who cause an injury (the producer
or the creditors who facilitated production or the uninjured consumers whose
demand for the goods causes production) ought to bear the resulting costs.




n94  See notes 77-80 supra and accompanying text.




n95  By forcing the producer to internalize all costs, strict liability will
ensure an optimal standard of care, see note 66 supra, and an optimal level of
production, see note 77 supra.




n96  Although taking insolvency into account seems at first counter-intuitive,
it is a necessary conclusion given a perfectly competitive market.  In such a
market, all producers will seek to price their product at the lowest price
possible, which is their marginal cost.  Since expected accident costs must
enter into the producer's calculation of marginal cost, producers must take a
lower expected accident cost into account.If they do not, they will be undercut
by other producers' prices.  See Pierce, Encouraging Safety; The Limits of Tort
Law and Government Regulation, 33 VAND. L. REV. 1281, 1301-02 (1980).




n97  A firm will discount compensation costs by the probability that it will
escape liability completely.  Id.  Cf. Coffee, "no Soul to Damn: No Body to
Kick": An Unscandalized Inquiry into the Problem of Corporate punishment, 79
MICH. L. REV. 386, 389-93 (1981) (discussing the "deterrence trap" barrier for
corporate activities -- if liability is too high, not all of the costs will be
internalized because the corporation need not account for costs beyond its
ability to pay).  If, for example, there is a 10% chance the producer will
escape liability by bankruptcy, and the producer's expected accident costs are
otherwise equal to $ 100, the producer has a 10% chance of not paying that $
100, so he actually faces $ 90 in expected accident costs.  Graphically, if for
any given level of care, the accident distribution is given by line a, and the
normal average accident cost is the mean or point c, a producer might determine
that if accident costs rise above a certain level (the shaded area), he will go
bankrupt.

   Since he will not have to account for costs borne in bankruptcy (above point
r), he is only faced with a cost curve of the area before point r, and the mean
of this curve (point C[n]) is lower than the mean for the curve of total
accidents, leading him to anticipate less in expected accident costs.
Generally, "[a] corporation will be indifferent between enormous liability and
lesser liability if both would bankrupt it.  It therefore adopts compensation
cost estimates based on the minimum amount of liability that would cause
bankruptcy rather than on the full estimated costs of compensation," thus
decreasing estimated accident costs.  Note, The Inapplicability of Traditional
Tort Analysis to Environmental Risks: The Example of Toxic Waste Pollution
Victim Compensation, 35 STAN. L. REV. 575, 602 (1983).

   [See Illustration in Original]




n98  The closer a firm is to insolvency, the lower the amount of additional
accident costs it can bear.  Using the graph in note 97 supra, since r would be
less, the shaded area would grow and the unshaded area shrink so that the mean
of the unshaded area would be less, and the average amount of undercompensation
would be greater.




n99  Returning to Figure 1, supra note 66, now the expected accident cost curve
for the producer will drop lower than society's expected accident cost curve and
will approximate curve d (note the divergence of the two curves is greatest at
lower standards of care because more accidents are likely to occur and the
chance of bankruptcy is greater).  Since the accident cost curve shifts down the
total cost curve faced by the producer will also shift away from the total
societal cost curve.  The new total cost curve is represented by curve e.  Since
the producer will want to minimize the costs he faces, he will adopt a standard
of care that is defined by the minimum of the new cost curve (P[2], Y[2]). The
standard of care is thus P root P[2] less than the optimal standard of care and
the amount he spends on accident prevention is Y root Y[2] less than he should
to minimize costs to society.




n100  In a competitive market, a product's marginal cost equals its average
cost, which in turn equals its marginal price.  Thus, if the expected accident
costs that the producer is required to bear are below the socially optimal
level, the producer's marginal cost and average cost of production will be lower
than optimal.  His price will therefore also be lower than his price would be
were all accident costs accounted for.




n101  Were strict liability the rule, consumers would expect the price of a
particular product to include the full costs of accidents and therefore would
not be inclined to add these costs to the price when deciding whether to buy
that product.  Even if consumers did not rely on strict liability, they would be
unlikely to fully appreciate accident costs because of information problems.See
note 79 supra. This is especially true when consumers must evaluate not only
potential accident costs but also the probability that the producer will enter
bankruptcy.  If a consumer knew that a producer is on the brink of bankruptcy,
he could require that the price of the product be lower in order to compensate
him for taking the risk that he will not receive compensation in the event of an
accident.  But it is unlikely that a consumer will actually be able to obtain
adequate information about a firm's financial condition or risk of insolvency.
The amount the consumer would have to spend to obtain financial information
would be prohibitive.  Even if obtaining the information were feasible, it is
unlikely that the consumer would have the expertise to evaluate financial
information and determine the risk he is taking.  Finally, as in the case of
perception of accident risk, most consumers are psychologically ill-prepared to
properly evaluate the small chance that a potentially insolvent firm will fail
to pay compensation for an injury.  Calabresi & Hirschoff, supra note 66, at
1062.




n102  See notes 81-93 supra and accompanying text.




n103  Insofar as producers cannot be made to pay beyond their net worth, some
tort claimants, as well as other unsecured creditors, will not receive full
payment in the event of insolvency -- especially when many of a company's
available asserts are pledged to secured claimants who receive full payment.
See notes 24-27 supra and accompanying text.  When insolvency leaves too little
for the payment of tort claimants, these claimants are faced with a
no-liability, rather than strict liability, system.




n104  Sicial and economic dislocations are avoidable secondary costs caused by
concentrating liability on the victims.  See note 82 supra and accompanying
text.




n105  See notes 86-87 supra and accompanying text.Not only might the producer be
the better risk bearer, but he may in fact bear less risk because of the
uncertainty and variance faced by individuals.  See note 88 supra and
accompanying text.




n106  Research and development is tied to the standard-of-care issue.
Essentially, it involves ways of reducing the cost of prevention and the cost of
accidents.




n107  It is inefficient for the consumer to take on research and development
functions when information about the product and the production process is
cheaper and more accessible to the producer.  See note 76 supra.




n108  See note 78 supra and accompanying text.  If the producer knows that
accident costs will not affect how consumers react to his product or that he
will not have to account for accident costs in his price, he has no incentive to
reduce those accident costs by research and development because to do so would
be to spend money without gaining any advantage.




n109  Assuming insurance companies are less risk averse than manufacturers or
consumers, purchasing complete insurance would increase efficiency by shifting
the risk to insurers.  If a manufacturer is not very risk averse, it may be
inclined to self-insure.  But in the case of self-insurance, the problems of the
current priority system remain -- when the assets run out, nothing is left to
pay the tort claimants.




n110  See A.M. POLINSKY, supra note 33, at 102 ("Because the consumer
underestimates his expected losses, he might not be willing to buy first-party
accident insurance even if the premium equals his expected losses.").




n111  Id. at 99; Kelly v. General Motors Corp., 487 F. Supp. 1041, 1046 (D.
Mont. 1980); Note, Assumption of Risk and Strict Products Liability, supra note
79, at 883 n.44; Note, Sindell v. Abbott Laboratories: A Market Share Approach
to DES Causation, 69 CALIF. L. REV. 1179, 1186 (1981) (discussing manufacturer's
superior ability to insure against losses).  A system of strict liability
relieves consumers of the burden of purchasing first-party accident insurance by
making the producer the victim's insurer.




n112  If the manufacturer can escape liability by paying a set premium, he has
no reason to increase his production costs by taking any care in the manufacture
of his product (beyond that necessary to maintain goodwill or reputation).
Since safety thus entails unnecessary expense, the producer will fail to take
some precautions.




n113  Basically, "moral hazard" arises because parties will misbehave when they
need not bear all the consequences of their behavior.  See A.M. POLINSKY, supra
note 33, at 54.




n114  An example given by Professor Polinsky readily illustrates this point.  If
placing an insured camera worth $ 500 in the trunk of your car eliminates the
possibility of theft, and leaving it on the seat leads to a one percent chance
of its being stolen, then leaving it on the seat creates an expected loss of $ 5
(value of the camera discounted by the chance of theft).  Only if the insurance
premium were to increase $ 5 if the camera were left on the seat, would the
increased premium match the increased expected loss, creating the correct
incentive to take precautions.  Id. at 54-55.




n115  Id. Ideal monitoring would necessarily involve the insurer in day-to-day
inspection of the insured person's business so that rates could be constantly
adjusted.  In the example in note 114 supra, the insurer would constantly have
to determine whether the insured person left the camera on the seat.  Id. at 55.




n116  Id. Partial insurance leaves some risk on the insured person so that he
has some incentive to take precautions.  Partial insurance can take the form of
a deductible, in which the insured pays the first
x of any loss; co-insurance, in which the insured pays a percentage of any loss;
or a limit on the insurer's total or per-claim liability.




n117  As the amount an insured person is allowed to have covered increases, the
likelihood of misbehavior also increases because of the moral hazard problem.
Since increased misbehavior makes the business more risky, the insurance
premiums would have to increase dramatically for a policy providing nearly
complete coverage.  Averaged over the total cost of insurance, complete coverage
would cost significantly more per dollar of coverage than incomplete coverage.
Cf. K. ARROW, supra note 85, at 212-19 (mathematical analysis of moral hazard,
concluding that less than complete coverage is optimal).Assuming the insured
person does not plan to significantly misbehave, it is cheaper for him to have
incomplete coverage.




n118  Even if complete coverage were available, other problems would remain.
For example, in the case of delayed manifestation injuries, such as asbestosis,
the uncertainty about when an injury occurred, or which of several insurance
companies covering a producer at different times is liable for that injury, has
caused severe interpretive problems.  Note, Asbestos Litigation: The Insurance
Coverage Question, 15 IND. L. REV. 831 (1982). Serious questions may also arise
as to who bears the cost of legal disputes with insurers, who bears the cost of
gaps in coverage, and how insurance policies in force at different times can be
compared (adjusting for inflation, new knowledge of risk, etc.).  However,
courts or legislatures should soon resolve these insurance conflicts in some
predictable way.

   Another problem is that some industries may present risks that are too great
even for insurance companies to bear without charging prohibitive premiums.  The
nuclear power industry is an example.  See notes 128-130 infra and accompanying
text.  Producers may be unwilling to pay these higher premiums and may instead
underinsure a higher portion of potential liability.




n119  If the insured firm calculates the chance of bankruptcy in determining its
expected accident costs, see notes 96-99 supra and accompanying text, it will
purchase insurance only to cover those, costs, even though the total accident
costs to society will be greater.  Premiums for this inadequate level of
coverage will be too low to reflect the full social cost of accidents.  The
producer will not have as much incentive to avoid accidents because he is not
being forced to internalize the expected costs of product-related accidents as
fully as he would be by accurate premiums.  If full liability were placed on the
insurer, however, it might become insolvent.




n120  For example, the Manville Corporation carried only 700 million dollars in
liability insurance, far less than the billions it faces in potential tort
liability.  See letter from Noel Weiss to Curtis Caton, reprinted in Oversight
Hearing on the Effect of the Manville and UNR Bankruptcies on Compensation of
Asbestos Victims Before the Subcomm.on Labor Standards of the House Comm. on
Education and Labor, 97th Cong., 2d Sess. 52-56 (1982).




n121  Although co-insurance and deductibles do provide some incentive to take
precautions, some moral hazard remains.  Because insurance companies rarely if
ever monitor to adjust premiums on the basis of safety, firms have little
incentive to engage in adequate research and development or to take adequate
care.




n122  E.g., H.R. 5966, 98th Cong., 2d Sess., 130 CONG. REC. H7300 (daily ed.
June 27, 1984).




n123  A firm might fail, for example, to invest in research and development or
to purchase adequate private insurance.If the bailout were unexpected, the firm
would not alter its level of care because it would expect to be liable.The
effect of an unexpected bailout, then, would be simply to redistribute income
from taxpayers to victims.




n124  This would be analogous to the case of moral hazard problems of complete
liability insurance.  The typical producer would be induced to misbehave because
failing to make precautionary expenditures would have no adverse consequences.
See notes 112-118 supra and accompanying text.  Put another way, an assured
government gailout would have the same effect as a no-liability rule, which is
less efficient than a strict liability rule in the typical situation of
imperfect consumer information.  Even if the government assumed only part of the
firm's liability, incentives would be reduced to that extent.




n125  For a thorough examination of the superfund liability cap issue, see J.
Samuels, Liability for Delayed Manifestation Injuries: An Examination of the
Efficiency of the Status Quo's Treatment of Tort Creditors 53-57 (June 1983) (on
file with the Stanford Law Review).




n126  For example, many state statutes, and the Comprehensive environmental
Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (CERCLA), Pub. L. No. 96-510, 94 Stat.
2767 (1980) (codified at 42 U.S.C. §§ 9601-9657 (1982)), have established
industry-wide funds to mitigate hazardous waste disposal costs.  Note,
Allocating the Costs of Hazardous Waste Disposal, 94 HARV. L. REV. 584, 597
(1981) and statutes cited therein.  CERCLA is financed by environmental taxes on
crude oil and other chemical products and processes that generate hazardous
waste.  Congress also decided in 1980 to supplement the fund with 220 million
dollars of federal money a year for a five-year period.  Id. at 597 & n.62.




n127  The proposal was made by Rep. George Miller to prevent situations like
Manville from recurring.  See Richards, UNR Case May Set Legal History with
Effort to Limit Asbestos Suits, Wall St. J., Mar. 16, 1983, at 31; Toxic Torts:
A. Quagmire, NEWSWEEK, Mar. 1, 1982, at 53.




n128  42 U.S.C. § 2210(c) (1982).




n129  Nuclear reactors are compelled to purchase the maximum private coverage
available.  42 U.S.C. § 2210(h) (1982).




n130  The NRC may assess $ 5 million from each firm when private coverage is
inadequate.  42 U.S.C. § 2210(b) (1982).




n131  In the case of CERCLA, it has been noted that:

   Since the payments are not related to the firms' disposal policies, these
fees will not deter improper disposal. . .  The fact that fees may fall if many
disposers individually decide to dispose of wastes properly provides only the
most tenuous incentive for proper disposal . . . .

   To deter improper hazardous waste disposal, all costs must be internalized by
firm-specific reallocation rather than spreading the cost among all firms,
innocent and guilty alike.
Note, supra note 126, at 597-98 & n.63.




n132  See notes 82-93 supra and accompanying text.




n133  When a manufacturer is determining what standard of care to take and the
price at which he must sell his product, he will take into account only those
costs he will actually bear (i.e., those costs up to but not beyond the point of
insolvency).  See notes 96-98 supra and accompanying text.  Imposing greater
liability on the manufacturer, therefore, simply increases the post-insolvency
costs he ignores in any case.




n134  Under the current system, secured creditors generally are not threatened
by insolvency because they have prior security interests.  To the extent
unsecured or trade creditors share in the debtor's estate at the same priority
level as tort claimants, these creditors already have some incentive to try to
limit the debtor's accident costs.




n135  When faced with the increased risk of insolvency, a firm's creditors can
either monitor the company's behavior or increase the interest rate they charge
the company, inducing the debtor to monitor itself.  See Jackson & Kronman,
supra note 17, at 1149-50; note 38 supra and accompanying text.




n136  Another commentator has offered a priority-shifting proposal that would
affect only unsecured creditors in bankruptcy.That proposal deals specifically
with 11 U.S.C. § 35(a) (1970) (currently codified at 11 U.S.C. § 523(a) (1982))
(nondischarge of such debts as taxes, administrative expenses, etc., in the
administration of bankruptcy).  Note, Tort Claims Under the Present and Proposed
Bankruptcy Acts, 11 U. MICH. J.L. REF. 417, 421-24, 440-41 (1978). This proposal
has two drawbacks, however.  First, it is effective only in bankruptcy, so that
strategic behavior in choosing a nonbankruptcy method of liquidation is
encouraged. Second, it does not affect secured interests that may account for a
large portion of a corporation's assets.




n137  Giving tort claimants intermediate status would require that all tort
claims be paid before the claims of any unsecured creditors.  The greater the
amount of tort claims against the firm, the fewer of the limited corporate
assets would be left to satisfy unsecured creditors.




n138  If interest rates are high due to the firm-specific risk (rather than
systematic or market risk) associated with a loan, reductions in risk will
trigger reductions in interest rates.  A lender will engage in monitoring to
reduce interest rates to affordable levels and to protect his return.  See notes
38-40 supra and accompanying text.




n139  The unsecured creditors would, in effect, substitute insurance companies'
monitoring and premium differentiation for their own monitoring and interest
rate variation.




n140  See notes 38-39 supra and accompanying text.  Monitoring would lead to a
higher standard of care, which would force the manufacturer to take social costs
into account and price them into his product.  See note 142 infra. The
monitoring creditors would have incentives to reduce the social costs of
accidents to a level below the social costs of avoidance.  While the firm
concerns itself only with accident costs up to the point of insolvency,
unsecured creditors would be concerned with accident costs both before and after
insolvency (since they would bear the entire loss).  See note 97 supra and
accompanying text.  With increased monitoring, then, the firm would internalize
more injury costs, observe a higher standard of care, and price its product to
reflect the added costs of its precautions.




n141  Even if creditors did not directly monitor the firm's level of care, their
insistence that the firm obtain adequate insurance coverage would encourage
management to internalize more costs and take more care.  Insurance premiums
that reflected prospective social accident costs would force the firm to account
for all the accidents its products might cause -- not merely those it might have
to pay before exhausting its estate.  This would give the firm an incentive to
reduce its costs until the costs of additional accidents were no greater than
the costs of avoidance.




n142  The more expected accident costs a producer internalized, the more his
level of care would approach the socially disired level of care, see notes 97-99
supra and accompanying text, and the more accurately the price of his product
would reflect the full social costs of accidents.  (In Figure 1, supra note 66,
curve e -- the producer's expected accident costs -- will approach curve a --
society's costs -- so that the price the producer adds to his product would
approach the social optimum, Y[1], and the amount of care would approach the
optimum, P[1].) If we assume a competitive market in which price equals the
marginal cost of production, the price reflects all the expected accident costs
and costs of avoidance internalized by the manufacturer.  When the manufacturer
escapes some of these costs throught insolvency, his expected accident costs are
lower than society's and he adds only this lower cost to his price.  Consumers
respond to this artificially low price by demanding too much of the product,
thereby causing too many accidents.  See note 77 supra and accompanying text.
But if creditors were to force a manufacturer to internalize more social costs,
his marginal cost of production would increase accordingly, and his price would
reflect this increased marginal cost.  The quantity demanded by society would
decrease until the number of accidents deemed necessary by the market would
occur.




n143  Efficiency requires that the economic dislocation caused by placing huge
tort liability on the victims be avoided and that risk of injury be allocated to
the party in the better risk-bearing position.  As comparatively large
institutions with the ability to spread losses and diversify both across
customers and across time, creditors are likely to be less risk averse than
victims for all the same reasons that manufacturers are less risk averse than
individuals.  Therefore, the risk should be allocated to them.  See notes 81-93
supra and accompanying text.




n144  See Schwartz, supra note 12, at 11 n.28 (bankers may be in better position
to monitor debtor).  But see Jackson & Kronman, supra note 17, at 1160 (trade
creditors may be closer to the operation of a corporation and thus have better
information about its practices).




n145  Not all claimants can be secured becuase there is a limit to the assets in
which security may be taken.  The greater the share of the corporate assets
pledged to secured interests, the less there is for the remaining unsecured
claimants.  Moreover, the inequity of the current priority system would be
brought into sharp focus -- unsecured creditors would be able to increase their
chance of payment by seeking security, while at the same time decreasing the
likelihood of compensation for nonbargaining tort claimants.




n146  Uniform Commercial Code § 9-312(5) (1972) states that earlier security
interests generally enjoy priority over later ones.




n147  If one is certain of the priority of his claim under § 9-312(5) of the
U.C.C., he is guaranteed payment and need not worry about what the company does
since he has priority over all later claimants.  No matter what the debtor does
(short of actually disposing of his assets in a fraudulent conveyance), the risk
of the secured party's loan is fixed and monitoring is unnecessary.




n148  U.C.C. § 9-312(3) (1977).




n149  See note 143 supra and accompanying text.




n150  See notes 137-142 supra and accompanying text.




n151  See note 144 supra.




n152  For a discussion of general distributional concerns, see notes 81-93,
102-106 supra and accompanying texts.  Note that superpriority is better than
the previous solutions because all better cost avoiders and risk takers are made
to bear accident costs as much as possible before these costs fall on unprepared
and risk averse victims.




n153  See note 63 supra and accompanying text.




n154  This assumes that interest rates accurately reflect increased risk.If
interest rates are based on overestimates of potential accident costs, some
socially desirable firms will be driven out of the market -- an inefficient
result.




n155  Good examples of government subsidies are the statutory liability cap and
supplement for the nuclear industry, see notes 128-130 supra and accompanying
text, and the Federal Swine Flu Vaccine Program, in which the government
replaced the manufacturers in any products liability claims brought against the
manufactuers so that the vaccine would be produced.  90 Stat. 1113 (1976)
(codified as amended at 42 U.S.C. § 247b(K) (1976).  This would be different
from a government bailout because it would only be used in cases where a policy
decision has been made ex ante that social benefits exceed accident costs.  This
situation is most likely to occur where consumers in the market are unable to
correctly value a particular activity such as activities undertaken for national
defense.  The form a government subsidy could take is extremely flexible.  The
subsidy may take such forms as the shield from liability used in the Swine Flu
Program; a direct subsidy, as in the nuclear industry; or loan guarantees, as in
the Chrysler bailout.




n156  See Rosenberg, Beyond Yale Express: Corporate Reorganization and the
Secured Creditor's Rights of Reclamation, 123 U. PA. L. REV. 509, 520-25 (1975).




n157  Yet increased monitoring can reduce the absolute chance of such a
catastrophe taking place.  When the proper standard of care is observed, fewer
accidents will occur for each product and since the price reflects accident
costs, fewer dangerous products will be purchased and there will be fewer
accidents.  Also, the fact that a producer is faced with most of the accident
costs his product causes will give him incentive to undertake research and
development so as to minimize his total costs by reducing accident costs.  See
notes 69-80 supra and accompanying text.




n158  Again, the creditors are better able to spread risk, have greater
financial resources so that dislocation is avoided, and are less risk averse
than victims.  See note 143 supra and accompanying text.




n159  Mandatory catastrophic tort insurance could take a form similar to
workers' compensation rather than to market insurance, except that it would
compensate all of the victims' injuries and it would be available to all who
come into contact with a defective product.  Samuels has proposed a mandatory
insurance scheme in which the premiums charged to firms would be graduated to
reflect the safety history of the firm as well as the extra precautions the firm
is taking.  As with creditors, both insurers and the insured producers would
have incentives to monitor the producers' activities.  Insurers would monitor to
determine high areas of risk and producers would monitor and have incentives to
reduce risks and therefore the insurance premium.In addition, if it were
profitable, insurers could compete to offer accident cost prevention services
such as doing research into the dangerousness of particular products and the
best way of alleviating this danger.  Insurers would have some incentive to do
this because they could lower their premiums and get more business if correct
precautions were employed.  Yet, even with this system there may be some
catastrophic situations with such huge liability that not all claims are
covered.  In such a case the government should probably step in and bail the
victims out.  See J. Samuels, supra note 125, at 69-72.




n160  Such a state-created priority could take several forms.  For example, the
state could pass a statute explicitly stating that tort liability incurred by a
manufacturer as a result of his defective products takes priority over all
security interests, whether perfected or unperfected, and over all other
creditors.  Another possibility would be a statute making product injury tort
claimants lien creditors with priority dating before any other creditors.  Also,
a state's Uniform Commercial Code could be amended so that Section 9-201 does
not recognize security interests as valid against tort creditors.




n161  Although the Bankruptcy Code is supposed to respect states' lien
priorities, and rely on states' definitions of liens, the Code, courts and
commentators have refused to recognize state-created liens effective only on
insolvency.  See Bankruptcy Code § 545; Jackson, supra note 7, at 901-07
(discussing why this position does not make sense with respect to tort
claimants).  Some states have tried to create priorities in the past but such
"extra" priorities have been ignored by the Bankruptcy Code.In order to avoid
providing incentives to choose bankruptcy over state liquidation and to ensure
maximum effect of this reform, the Bankruptcy Code must respect the new state
law superpriority position of tort claimants.


                               27 of 75 DOCUMENTS

             In re: Curneall Watson & Leona Watson, Debtor  In re:
           Caledonia Springs, Inc., Debtor  CURNEALL WATSON and LEONA
           BRADY WATSON, Plaintiffs/Appellants v. LLP MORTGAGE, LTD.,
            Defendant/Appellee UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, Intervenor.

                  Civil No. 3:2011-0012,Civil No. 3:2011-0058

          United States District Court for the District of the Virgin
                  Islands, Division of St. Thomas and St. John

                          2016 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 77684


                             June 15, 2016, Decided
                              June 15, 2016, Filed

PRIOR HISTORY:  [*1] Bankruptcy No. 2009-10002. Chapter 13. Bankruptcy No.
2009-10003. Chapter 13.

CORE TERMS: restitution order, bankruptcy cases, hear, auction", jurisdictional,
confirmed, sit, "public rights", bankruptcy estates, confirmation, approving,
bid, foreclosure, temporarily, appointed, judicial district, sale of property,
credit bids, jury trial, financing, waived, final judgments, unsecured
creditors, restitution, designation, territory, adjunct, Organic Act, bankruptcy
proceedings, jurisdiction to enter

COUNSEL: A. WebsterMartial , Esq., St. Croix, USVI, For Appellants.

Warren B. Cole, Esq., St. Croix, USVI, For LLP Mortgage, Ltd., Appellee.

Cathy Tran Moses, Esq., Washington, DC, Angela Tyson-Floyd, Esq., St. Croix,
USVI, For United States of America, Intervenor.

JUDGES: LEWIS, Chief Judge

OPINION BY: WILMA A. LEWIS

OPINION



                               MEMORANDUM OPINION



                                (June 15, 2016)


Lewis, Chief Judge

THIS MATTER comes before the Court on the appeals of Plaintiffs/Appellants
Curneall Watson and Leona Brady Watson (collectively, "the Watsons") from three
orders entered in jointly administered Chapter 7 bankruptcy proceedings by the
Bankruptcy Division of the District Court of the Virgin Islands ("Bankruptcy
Court"). The first Order, dated October 8, 2010, approved the procedures for the
bankruptcy trustee's sale at auction of real property belonging to the estates
of Debtors Curneall Watson, Leona Brady Watson, and Caledonia Springs, Inc.
("Debtors"). The second Order, dated January 6, 2011, confirmed the sale of the
property to Defendant/Appellee LLP Mortgage, Ltd. ("LPP Mortgage"). The third
Order, dated May 12, 2011, directed the Watsons to vacate [*2]  the property and
provided that LPP Mortgage could have all writs necessary to evict them. For the
reasons discussed below, the Court will affirm the rulings of the Bankruptcy
Court.

I. BACKGROUND

The instant appeals represent the latest stage in the litigation between the
Debtors and LPP Mortgage, dating from 2002, when LPP Mortgage sued the Debtors
seeking a judgment for amounts due on a series of loan transactions, and
foreclosure against the properties securing those loans. (See 02-cv-0172, Dkt.
No. 1; Dkt. No. 132 at 1-2.) LPP Mortgage obtained a judgment against the
Debtors on November 6, 2007. (02-cv-0172, Dkt. No. 133 at 5-13.) A Marshal's
Sale of the properties was scheduled for April 13, 2009. (02-cv-0172, Dkt. No.
182, Ex. 1 at 3.)

On April 8, 2009, five days before the Marshal's Sale, the Watsons filed for
Chapter 13 bankruptcy protection. (09-bk-10002, Dkt. No. 1.) Caledonia Springs,
Inc., filed for Chapter 11 reorganization protection on April 9, 2009.
(09-bk-10003, Dkt. No. 1.) As a result of the bankruptcy filings, LPP Mortgage's
debt and foreclosure action was automatically stayed. 11 U.S.C. § 362(a);
(02-cv-0172, Dkt. No. 181). Ultimately, both bankruptcy cases were converted to
Chapter [*3]  7 liquidation proceedings (09-bk-10002, Dkt. No. 35; 09-bk-10003,
Dkt. No. 25) and, on November 12, 2009, the Bankruptcy Court ordered them to be
jointly administered under docket number 09-bk-10003. (09-bk-10002, Dkt. No. 36;
09-bk-10003, Dkt. No. 24.)1

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

1 For ease of reference, the Court will cite the docket numbers solely in
09-bk-10003, unless otherwise indicated.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

In June 2010, the Chapter 7 Trustee moved for an order authorizing the sale of
the Debtors' assets. (Dkt. No. 35.) On October 8, 2010, the Bankruptcy Court
granted the motion and issued an "Order: (I) Authorizing Procedures for Sales of
the Debtors' Assets; and (II) Approving Form of Notice of Sales of Assets
Pursuant to 11 U.S.C. 105 and 363, Fed. Bankr. P. 6004 and LBR 6004-1" (the
"Approval Order"), setting forth the procedures for the sale at auction of all
real property of the combined bankruptcy estates. (Dkt. No. 53). The auction was
held on December 2, 2010 and, according to the Trustee's Report of Sale filed on
December 6, 2010, all four auctioned properties were purchased by LPP Mortgage
via cash and credit bids, including Plots 101 and 106 of Estate Grove Place
("the Property") on St. Croix, U.S. Virgin Islands. (Dkt. No. 62.) The [*4]
Bankruptcy Court confirmed the sale on January 6, 2011 in an "Order of
Confirmation of Trustee's Sale" ("Sale Order"). (Dkt. No. 73.) The Watsons filed
an appeal of the Sale Order on January 14, 2011 (Dkt. No. 74), docketed as Case
Number 11-cv-0012 in the District Court.2

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

2 On February 9, 2011, the Watsons moved in the Bankruptcy Court to stay the
Sale Order. (09-bk-10002, Dkt. No. 95.) By Order entered on March 25, 2011, the
Bankruptcy Court denied their motion to stay. (09-bk-10002, Dkt. No. 108.)
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Pursuant to the sale, the Trustee issued a deed to the Property on January 12,
2011, which was recorded on March 29, 2011. (09-bk-10002, Dkt. No. 109-3.) When
the Watsons refused to relinquish possession of the Property (see id., Dkt. No.
109-4), LPP Mortgage moved for an Order of Restitution and Issuance of Writ of
Restitution, seeking an Order directing the Watsons to vacate the Property, and
any writs necessary to effectuate that relief. (Dkt. No. 109.) Following a
hearing on May 12, 2011 (Dkt. No. 115), the Bankruptcy Court granted LPP
Mortgage's motion that same day and entered an "Order of Restitution and Order
for Issuance of Writs" ("Restitution Order"). (Dkt. No. 116.) The Watsons [*5]
appealed the Restitution Order on May 20, 2011. (11-cv-0058, Dkt. No. 1; Dkt.
No. 117.)3

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

3 On May 27 and 31, 2011, the Debtors filed in the District Court an Emergency
Motion to Stay pending Appeal of the Sale Order (11-cv-0012, Dkt. No. 36) and
the Restitution Order (11-cv-0058, Dkt. No. 3), which was denied on July 29,
2011. (11-cv-0012, Dkt. No. 46; 11-cv-0058, Dkt. No. 23.) On August 3, 2011, the
Third Circuit denied the Watsons' emergency petition for writ of mandamus
requesting a stay of the Bankruptcy Court's Order confirming sale of the
Property. (09-bk-10002, Dkt. No. 122.)
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

The Watsons and LPP Mortgage filed their respective briefs in the appeal of the
Sale Order on May 3 and 24, 2011. (11-cv-0012, Dkt. Nos. 31, 33.) The parties
filed their respective briefs in the appeal of the Restitution Order on July 5
and 11, 2011. (11-cv-0058, Dkt. Nos. 9, 10.) On July 25 and 26, 2011, the United
States of America moved to intervene in the appeals to address the
constitutional challenges made by the Watsons to portions of the Bankruptcy
Code. (11-cv-0058, Dkt. Nos. 14, 16.) Following a status conference on July 29,
2011, the Court consolidated the two appeals, granted the United States' motion
[*6]  to intervene, and accepted the United States' brief. (11-cv-0058, Dkt.
Nos. 18, 20); (see 11-cv-0058, Dkt. No. 17-1) (Brief by the United States of
America as Intervenor).4

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

4 For ease of reference, because the briefs of both the Watsons and LPP Mortgage
in both cases are similar, other than the specific sections relating to the
respective Orders being appealed, the Court will cite the docket numbers solely
from the appeal in 11-cv-0058, unless otherwise indicated.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -


II. STANDARD OF REVIEW

Some of the issues raised by the Watsons concern the Bankruptcy Court's and this
Court's jurisdiction over the case below and this appeal, respectively. " '[I]t
is familiar law that a federal court always has jurisdiction to determine its
own jurisdiction.' " White-Squire v. U.S. Postal Service, 592 F.3d 453, 456 (3d
Cir. 2010) (quoting United States v. Ruiz, 536 U.S. 622, 628, 122 S. Ct. 2450,
153 L. Ed. 2d 586 (2002)); VeraSun Energy Corp. v. West Plains Co. (In re
VeraSun Energy Corp.), 2013 Bankr. LEXIS 2634, *6, [WL], at *2 (D. Del. June 28,
2013) (citing 28 U.S.C. §§ 157(a) and 1334(b)); Chicot Cnty. Drainage Dist. v.
Baxter State Bank, 308 U.S. 371, 376-77, 60 S. Ct. 317, 84 L. Ed. 329 (1940).

As discussed below, the District Court of the Virgin Islands has jurisdiction to
review the Orders of its Bankruptcy Division pursuant to 18 U.S.C. § 158(a).
When a district court sits as an appellate court in a bankruptcy matter, it
reviews the bankruptcy court's legal determinations de novo, its factual
findings for clear error, and its exercise of discretion for abuse thereof. See
Official Comm. of Unsecured Creditors v. CIT Group/Business Credit Inc. (In re
Jevic Holding Corp.), 787 F.3d 173, 179 (3d Cir. 2015); Carroll v. Klingerman
(In re Prosser), 2013 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 139910, *4, [WL], at *2 (D.V.I. Sept. 27,
2013) ("[A] bankruptcy court's exercise of its equitable powers [*7]  is
reviewed only for an abuse of discretion.") (internal quotation and citation
omitted).

III. DISCUSSION

A. General Constitutional and Jurisdictional Challenges

On appeal, the Watsons have raised numerous overlapping constitutional,
jurisdictional, and statutory issues by way of nine identical arguments raised
in both briefs which generally question whether the Bankruptcy Court was
permitted to enter the Orders at issue, and whether the District Court of the
Virgin Islands has jurisdiction to review these appeals.5 The Watsons also make
several jurisdictional and merits-based arguments specific to the Bankruptcy
Court's October 8, 2010 Approval Order, the January 6, 2011 Sale Order, and the
May 12, 2011 Restitution Order.6

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

5 Those issues presented for review are: (1) whether "there even exists a
Bankruptcy Court in the Virgin Islands since there is no Article III Court"; (2)
whether "there is a right to have either [sic] an Article III judge rather than
an Article III adjunct hear bankruptcy cases"; (3) whether "there is a right
absent the availability of an Article III judge to hear bankruptcy cases to have
such cases heard by a Judge appointed by the President and Confirmed by the
Senate"; [*8]  (4) whether "a Bankruptcy Judge may sit by designation of the
Third Circuit in the Virgin Islands since there is no Article III District
Court"; (5) whether "it violates the separation of powers in the United States
Constitution for a Bankruptcy Judge as an Article III adjunct to sit in a
non-Article III court"; (6) whether "a judge may sit in the District Court
(including any Bankruptcy Court) of the Virgin Islands without having been
appointed by the President and confirmed by the Senate"; (7) whether "any orders
issued by a Bankruptcy Judge sitting in the Virgin Islands are void due to lack
of legal authority to sit in the Virgin Islands"; (8) whether "there is a right
to have a bankruptcy appeal heard by an Article III District Judge"; and (9)
whether "there is a right to have a bankruptcy appeal by trial de novo before an
Article III court or a judge appointed by the President [and] Confirmed by the
Senate if the original judge was not an Article III judge or a judge appointed
by the President and Confirmed by the Senate." (11-cv-0058, Dkt. No. 9 at 9-10.)

6 Those additional issues presented for review are: (1) whether "the sale should
have been confirmed"; (2) whether "an eviction [*9]  proceeding is a core
proceeding"; (3) whether "the Bankruptcy Court even has jurisdiction statutorily
and constitutionally under Stern v. Marshall to hear an eviction proceeding
after a bankruptcy sale of property when the property is no longer property of
the estate"; (4) whether "an eviction proceeding is properly heard by the
Bankruptcy Court or the local courts of the Virgin Islands under comity and
abstention"; and (5) whether "the right to jury trial under federal statutes
incorporating the Seventh Amendment and Virgin Islands law applies in the
Bankruptcy Court." (11-cv-0012, Dkt. No. 31 at 10; 11-cv-0058, Dkt. No. 9 at
10.)
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

LPP Mortgage's counter-statement of the issues reframes the Watsons' arguments;
narrows the constitutional, jurisdictional, and statutory issues to three, and
addresses some additional issues.7 The United States, as Intervenor, focuses on
the constitutional and jurisdictional issues raised by the Watsons.8

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

7 LPP Mortgage's issues presented for review are: (1) whether "the [Watsons are]
entitled to the adjudication of core bankruptcy proceedings by an Article III
court"; (2) whether "there exist[s] a properly constituted Bankruptcy Division
of the District Court of the Virgin Islands"; [*10]  and (3) whether "the Hon.
Mary F. Walrath [was] properly assigned by the Judicial Council of the Court of
Appeals for the Third Circuit to sit as a Bankruptcy Judge in the District Court
of the Virgin Islands." (11-cv-0058, Dkt. No. 10 at 7.) On the merits, LPP
Mortgage addresses: (1) whether the Watsons "preserve[d] their substantive
objections to the confirmation of sale"; (2) whether "the Trustee's Sale
conducted pursuant to 11 U.S.C. § 363 [was] properly approved, conducted, and
confirmed"; (3) whether "the Bankruptcy Court [had] jurisdiction to enter a
final order against [the Watsons] requiring restitution of real property that
had been sold by the Trustee to [LPP Mortgage] when [the Watsons] refused to
relinquish possession"; (4) whether "the Bankruptcy Court [was] required to
abstain in favor of the Superior Court -- where no case was pending in the
Superior Court"; and (5) whether the Watsons "have a right to a jury trial in
the restitution proceedings before the Bankruptcy Court." (11-cv-0012, Dkt. No.
33 at 6; 11-cv-0058, Dkt. No. 10 at 7.)

8 The United States divides the Watsons' arguments into two main areas: "The
Issuance of the Bankruptcy Orders Was Constitutionally Proper; and "[The
Watsons'] Challenges [*11]  Based on Article III and Separation of Powers Fail
on the Additional Ground that the Virgin Islands Is an Unincorporated
Territory." Their first argument contains three subsets: "The Bankruptcy Court's
Issuance of the Orders under 28 U.S.C. § 157(b) Did Not Violate Article III";
"The Bankruptcy Court's Issuance of the Orders under 28 U.S.C. § 155(a) also Did
Not Violate Article III or the Separation of Powers"; and "[The Watsons] Are Not
Entitled to Article III Review." (11-cv-0058, Dkt. No. 17-1 at ii.)
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

The Watsons' overarching contention is that the Bankruptcy Court lacked
jurisdiction to issue the two Orders because allowing a non-Article III judge to
issue Orders in a bankruptcy case violated their constitutional right to have an
Article III judge decide their case, and because orders issued by a Bankruptcy
Judge in the Virgin Islands are void due to lack of legal authority for such a
Judge to sit there.

1. Whether the Watsons and Caledonia Springs, Inc. Are Entitled to the
Adjudication of Their Bankruptcy Proceedings by an Article III Court

Because the Watsons' arguments implicate the constitutionality of the entire
bankruptcy system -- which involves, in this case, the interplay between
Articles I, III, and IV of the U.S. Constitution -- as well as the
constitutionality and jurisdictional authority of Bankruptcy [*12]  Judges in
the Virgin Islands and their authority to issue certain orders, it is necessary
to provide an overview of the bankruptcy structure and recent developments in
bankruptcy jurisdiction as articulated by the Supreme Court in Stern v. Marshall
, 564 U.S. 462, 131 S. Ct. 2594, 180 L. Ed. 2d 475 (2011).

Federal bankruptcy jurisdiction is set forth in 28 U.S.C. § 1334. Section
1334(b) confers upon district courts "original and exclusive jurisdiction of all
cases under title 11," and "original but not exclusive jurisdiction of all civil
proceedings arising under title 11, or arising in or related to cases under
title 11." 28 U.S.C. § 1334(b). The Third Circuit has parsed the statute as
follows:


     Bankruptcy jurisdiction extends to four types of proceedings: (1)
     cases "under" title 11, that is, the bankruptcy petition; (2)
     proceedings "arising under title 11"; (3) proceedings "arising in" a
     bankruptcy case; and (4) proceedings "related to" a case under title
     11. 28 U.S.C. § 1334(b); In re Combustion Eng'g, Inc., 391 F.3d 190,
     225 (3d Cir. 2005). The first three categories are "core" proceedings
     in which the bankruptcy court has power to hear, decide, and enter
     orders and judgments. 28 U.S.C. § 157(b)(1). The fourth category,
     "related to" proceedings, are "non-core" proceedings, which the
     bankruptcy court can hear, but in which it can only submit proposed
     findings of fact and conclusions of law to the district [*13]  court,
     not issue orders. Halper v. Halper, 164 F.3d 830, 836 (3d Cir. 1999).


In re Exide Techs., 544 F.3d 196, 205 (3d Cir. 2008). The Third Circuit has
further stated:
     A case "arises under" title 11 "if it invokes a substantive right
     provided by title 11." Torkelsen v. Maggio (In re Guild & Gallery
     Plus, Inc.), 72 F.3d 1171, 1178 (3d Cir. 1996). Bankruptcy "arising
     under" jurisdiction is analogous to 28 U.S.C. § 1331, which provides
     for original jurisdiction in district courts "of all civil actions
     arising under the Constitution, laws, or treaties of the United
     States." 1 Collier on Bankruptcy § 3.01[4][c][i] at 3-21-22 (15th ed.
     rev. 2005); see also Wood v. Wood (Matter of Wood), 825 F.2d 90, 96-97
     (5th Cir. 1987).9 The category of proceedings "arising in" bankruptcy
     cases "includes such things as administrative matters, orders to turn
     over property of the estate and determinations of the validity,
     extent, or priority of liens." 1 Collier on Bankruptcy §
     3.01[4][c][iv] at 3-31 (quotations and footnotes omitted). Proceedings
     "arise in" a bankruptcy case, "if they have no existence outside of
     the bankruptcy." United States Trustee v. Gryphon at the Stone
     Mansion, Inc., 166 F.3d 552, 556 (3d Cir. 1999). Finally, a proceeding
     is "related to" a bankruptcy case if "the outcome of that proceeding
     could conceivably have any effect on the estate being administered in
     bankruptcy." In re Pacor, Inc. v. Higgins, 743 F.2d 984, 994 (3d Cir.
     1984); see also In re Federal-Mogul Global, Inc., 300 F.3d 368, 381
     (3d Cir. 2002) (noting that Pacor "clearly remains good law in this
     circuit" in this respect).


Stoe v. Flaherty, 436 F.3d 209, 216 (3d Cir. 2006).

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

9 "A claim will 'arise under' title 11 if 'the Bankruptcy Code creates the cause
of action or provides the substantive right invoked.' " In re New Century TRS
Holdings, Inc., 505 B.R. 431, 441 (Bankr. D. Del. 2014) (quoting [*14]  Stoe v.
Flaherty, 436 F.3d 209, 217 (3d Cir. 2006)). Put another way, "[b]y a grant of
jurisdiction over all proceedings arising under title 11, the district courts
will be able to hear any matter under which a claim is made under a provision of
title 11. ... [W]hen a cause of action is created by title 11, then that civil
proceeding is one 'arising under title 11.' " 1 Collier on Bankruptcy, §
3.01[3][e][i].
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Section 157(a) of the Bankruptcy Amendments and Federal Judgeship Act of 1984
(the "Act") provides that "any or all cases under title 11 and any or all
proceedings arising under title 11 or arising in or related to a case under
title 11 shall be referred to the bankruptcy judges for the district." 28 U.S.C.
§ 157(a). This statute "permits district courts to refer most matters to a
bankruptcy court. This broad jurisdictional grant allows bankruptcy courts to
deal efficiently and expeditiously with all matters connected with the
bankruptcy estate." In re Combustion Eng'g, Inc., 391 F.3d at 225 (internal
quotation marks and citations omitted).

The manner in which a bankruptcy judge may act on a referred matter depends on
the type of proceeding involved. Bankruptcy judges may "hear and enter final
judgments in 'all core proceedings arising under title 11, or arising in a case
under title 11.' " Stern, 564 U.S. at 474 (quoting 28 U.S.C. § 157(b)(1)). Core
proceedings include, but are not limited to sixteen different types of matters,
including "matters concerning [*15]  the administration of the estate"; "orders
approving the sale of property other than property resulting from claims brought
by the estate against persons who have not filed claims against the estate"; and
"other proceedings affecting the liquidation of the assets of the estate." 28
U.S.C. § 157(b)(2)(A), (N), & (O). If a bankruptcy judge determines that a
referred proceeding is not a "core proceeding" but is "otherwise related to a
case under title 11," the judge may only submit "proposed findings of fact and
conclusions of law to the district court," 28 U.S.C. § 157(c)(1), which then is
responsible for entering final judgment.

The Supreme Court's holding in Stern is key to this Court's adjudication of the
constitutional and jurisdictional issues raised by the Watsons on appeal. Stern
also provides a roadmap concerning how a court should analyze such claims.

In Stern, Vickie Lynn Marshall (also known as Anna Nicole Smith) ("Vickie"),
filed for bankruptcy protection. One of Vickie's creditors, Pierce Marshall
("Pierce"), the son of Vickie's late husband, filed a proof of claim in that
case, asserting that he should be able to recover damages from Vickie's
bankruptcy estate because Vickie had defamed him by inducing her lawyers to tell
[*16]  the press that he had engaged in fraud in controlling his father's
assets. Vickie counterclaimed, arguing that Pierce tortuously interfered with
the receipt of an inter-vivos gift that she expected from her late husband.
Vickie's counterclaim arose under state tort common law. Resolution of Pierce's
proof of claim for defamation in the bankruptcy proceeding would not resolve the
state law-based counterclaim which "raise[d] issues of law entirely different
from those" raised by Pierce's proof of claim. Id. at 497. Thus, Stern involved
a state-law counterclaim by the debtor that was completely unrelated to the
creditor's claims against the estate or the underlying bankruptcy. Carr v. New
Century TRS Holdings, Inc. (In re New Century TRS Holdings, Inc.), 544 Fed.
Appx. 70, 73 (3d Cir. 2013).

The Supreme Court in Stern opined that although Section 157(b)(2)(C) of the
Bankruptcy Code "permits the Bankruptcy Court to enter final judgment on
Vickie's counterclaim, Article III of the Constitution does not." Stern, 564
U.S. at 482. The Court reviewed Article III jurisdiction, and the limits Article
III placed on the jurisdiction of bankruptcy courts, and concluded that the
bankruptcy court lacked authority under Article III to enter final judgment on
the counterclaim because it was "in no way derived from or dependent upon
bankruptcy law; it is a state tort action that exists without regard to any
bankruptcy proceeding." [*17]  Id. at 499. In reaching this conclusion, the
Supreme Court described the counterclaim as a state common law action
"independent of the federal bankruptcy law and not necessarily resolvable by a
ruling on the creditor's proof of claim in bankruptcy." Id. at 487. As such, it
involved litigation of a "private right" -- "the liability of one individual to
another under the law," and which, therefore, required resolution by an Article
III judge. Id. at 489. The Court contrasted cases involving private rights with
cases involving "public rights" that "Congress could constitutionally assign to
'legislative' courts for resolution" -- i.e. non-Article III courts. Id. at 485.
Thus, only if a claim involved a "public right" could it be brought to final
adjudication by a non-Article III judge such as a bankruptcy judge.

The analysis in Stern did not initially address whether the claim involved a
private versus a public right to determine whether an Article III or non-Article
III judge could constitutionally exercise jurisdiction over the claim. The
Supreme Court indicated that a court should first assess whether a bankruptcy
court may enter final judgment on a claim by first analyzing whether that court
had the statutory authority under 28 U.S.C. § 157(b) to [*18]  issue a final
judgment. If so, it should then consider whether conferring that authority on
the bankruptcy court was constitutional. Id. at 469.

Engaging in Stern's two-step analysis, the Court concludes that the Bankruptcy
Division of the District Court of the Virgin Islands had the requisite statutory
and constitutional authority to enter the Orders at issue.

a. Statutory Authority

The Watsons assert that the Bankruptcy Judge did not have jurisdiction to enter
the Sale and Restitution Orders in this case because they concern non-core
matters that must be adjudicated by an Article III Judge. This Court concludes
that the Sale and Restitution Orders encompass core matters, and that the
Bankruptcy Court properly exercised statutory authority under § 157(b)(2) in
entering them.

On January 4, 2011, the Bankruptcy Court entered the Sale Order. (09-bk-10003,
Dkt. No. 73.) The Order recited that the Chapter 7 Trustee offered for public
sale on December 2, 2010 certain property of the Chapter 7 Bankruptcy Estates of
the Watsons and Caledonia Springs, Inc.; that the Trustee filed a Report of Sale
on December 6, 2010; that the property was struck off to LPP Mortgage for bids
made in cash and by credit against its allowed [*19]  secured claims; that the
Court held a hearing on confirmation of the sale on December 9, 2010 where
objections were heard and considered; and that, having been fully advised, the
Court confirmed the sale and directed that the Trustee deliver Trustee's Deeds
and Bills of Sale to LPP Mortgage for the properties sold. Id. The Restitution
Order, filed on May 12, 2011 (entered on May 19, 2011), derives from the Sale
Order -- specifically, the Watsons' failure to vacate Plots 101 and 106 of
Estate Grove Place, which had been sold to LPP Mortgage, and the sale of which
was confirmed by the Bankruptcy Court in the Sale Order. (09-bk-10002, Dkt. No.
116.) The Restitution Order recounted that the Trustee sold certain real
property to LPP Mortgage at a public auction on December 2, 2011, including the
Estate Grove Place property; that the sale was confirmed by Order of the Court;
that the Trustee delivered a deed to LPP Mortgage, which had been recorded; that
the Debtors had no right to possession of the property; that LPP Mortgage was
entitled to exclusive and peaceful possession free of any interference by the
Debtors; but that the Debtors or persons claiming on their behalf remained in
possession [*20]  of the property, preventing LPP Mortgage from taking peaceful
possession. Id. The Bankruptcy Court ordered the Debtors to remove their
personal property and immediately vacate the property. The Order further
provided that LPP Mortgage could have all writs necessary to effect the Debtors'
eviction by the United States Marshal, whose assistance could include the use of
reasonable force as may be necessary to serve and enforce such writs. Id.

Section 704 of the Bankruptcy Code directs that a Chapter 7 Trustee shall:
"collect and reduce to money the property of the estate for which such trustee
serves, and close such estate as expeditiously as is compatible with the best
interests of parties in interest." 11 U.S.C. § 704(a)(1). To aid in the
liquidation of the debtor's assets, the trustee is authorized to sell property
of the bankruptcy estate, subject to court approval after notice and hearing.
Id. § 363(b)(1). "Court approval of the trustee's motion to sell is warranted
when the trustee has demonstrated sound business judgment in requesting the
sale." In re Scimeca Foundation, Inc., 497 B.R. 753, 771 (E.D. Pa. 2013).
"[G]reat judicial deference is given to the Trustee's exercise of business
judgment." Sheehan v. Dobin, 2011 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 46004, *6, [WL], at *3
(D.N.J. Apr. 28, 2011).

Moreover, section 363(k) authorizes secured creditors to purchase property
through credit bids, "unless the court for cause orders otherwise." [*21]  See
11 U.S.C. § 363(k) (stating that at a sale "of property that is subject to a
lien that secures an allowed claim, unless the court for cause orders otherwise
the holder of such claim may bid at such sale, and, if the holder of such claim
purchases such property, such holder may offset such claim against the purchase
price of such property"); Staiano v. Cain (In re Lan Assocs. XI, L.P.), 192 F.3d
109, 112 n.1 (3d Cir. 1999). Section 363(m) protects a sale authorized under §
363(b) from later vacatur or modification on appeal.10 Confirmation of proposed
sales of assets of an estate lies within the discretion of the Bankruptcy Court.
In re Blue Coal Corp., 168 B.R. 553, 560 (Bankr. M.D. Pa. 1994).

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

10 11 U.S.C. § 363(m) provides that "[t]he reversal or modification on appeal of
an authorization under section (b) or (c) of this section of a sale or lease of
property does not affect the validity of a sale or lease under such
authorization to an entity that purchased or leased such property in good faith,
whether or not such entity knew of the pendency of the appeal, unless such
authorization and such sale or lease were stayed pending appeal."
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

The Third Circuit has stated that the


     core or non-core nature [of a proceeding] is crucial in bankruptcy
     cases because it defines both the extent of the Bankruptcy Court's
     jurisdiction, and the standard by which the District Court reviews its
     factual findings. [*22]  To determine whether a proceeding is a 'core'
     proceeding, courts of this Circuit must consult two sources. First, a
     court must consult § 157(b). Although § 157(b) does not precisely
     define 'core' proceedings, it nonetheless provides an illustrative
     list of proceedings that may be considered 'core.' See id. §
     157(b)(2)(A)-(O). Second, the court must apply this court's test for a
     'core' proceeding. Under that test, 'a proceeding is core [1] if it
     invokes a substantive right provided by title 11 or [2] if it is a
     proceeding, that by its nature, could arise only in the context of a
     bankruptcy case.' This Court and other courts of appeals have relied
     on this test to ensure that § 157(b) 'core' proceeding jurisdiction is
     exercised in a manner consistent with Marathon.


Halper v. Halper, 164 F.3d 830, 836 (3d Cir. 1999) (citations omitted).

Both the Sale and Restitution Orders emanated from a core bankruptcy proceeding,
which authorized the Bankruptcy Judge to " 'hear and determine the issues and
... enter appropriate judicial orders and judgments subject to traditional
appellate review.' " In re Marcus Hook Dev. Park, Inc., 943 F.2d 261, 266 (3d
Cir. 1991) (quoting B. Weintraub & A. Resnick, Bankruptcy Law Manual ¶ 6.04[2]
(rev. ed. 1986)). Section 157(b)(2)(N) of Title 28 identifies core proceedings
as "orders approving the sale of property other than property resulting [*23]
from claims brought by the estate against persons who have not filed claims
against the estate."11 Courts have long held that a proceeding involving an
order approving the sale of property is a core proceeding. See, e.g., Jamaica
Shipping Co., Ltd. v. Orient Shipping Rotterdam, B.V. (In re Millennium Sea
Carriers, Inc.), 458 F.3d 92, 95 (2d Cir. 2006) (holding that orders approving
the sale of property are core proceedings pursuant to § 157(b)(2)(N)); In re
Marcus Hook Dev. Park, Inc., 943 F.2d at 267 (observing that "orders approving
the sale of property" are core proceedings) (citing In re Meyertech Corp., 831
F.2d 410, 418 (3d Cir. 1987) (proceeding is core because it comports with one of
the examples provided in section 157)); HHI FormTech, LLC v. Magna Powertrain
USA, Inc. (In re Formtech Indus., LLC), 439 B.R. 352, 357 (Bankr. D. Del. 2010)
("Orders granting the sale of assets, like the Sale Order issued by the Court in
this case, are core proceedings.") (citing 28 U.S.C. § 157(b)(2)(N)); Trans
World Airlines, Inc. v. Icahn (In re Trans World Airlines, Inc.), 278 B.R. 42,
49 n.16 (Bankr. D. Del. 2002) ("[C]ore proceedings under § 157(b)(2)(N) are
those which arise from, concern, or have some impact on 'orders approving the
sale of property'").

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

11 The caveat to § 157(b)(2)(N) does not apply here.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Further, LPP Mortgage sought entry of the Restitution Order because, by
remaining on the property sold to LPP Mortgage in the Trustee's sale, the
Debtors were not in compliance with the Sale Order, and LPP asked that the Sale
Order be enforced. "Enforcement and interpretation of orders issued in core
proceedings are also considered core proceedings within the bankruptcy court's
jurisdiction." In re Formtech Indus., LLC, 439 B.R. at 357 (citing Travelers
Indem. Co. v. Bailey, 557 U.S. 137, 151, 129 S. Ct. 2195, 174 L. Ed. 2d 99
(2009) (holding that "the Bankruptcy [*24]  Court plainly had jurisdiction to
interpret and enforce its own prior orders.")). Thus, the Restitution Order was
a core proceeding because "it required the court to interpret and give effect to
its previous sale order[ ]." Allegheny Univ. of the Health Sciences v. Nat'l
Union of Hosp. & Health Care Employees (In re Allegheny Health, Educ. & Research
Found.), 383 F.3d 169, 176 (3d Cir. 2004); see also Bayer Bus. & Tech. Servs. v.
AGR Premier Consulting, Inc. (In re AGR Premier Consulting, Inc.), 550 Fed.
Appx. 115, 122 (3d Cir. 2014) (" '[A] Bankruptcy Court plainly ha[s]
jurisdiction to interpret and enforce its own prior orders' " (quoting Travelers
, 557 U.S. at 138); In re Marcus Hook Dev. Park, Inc., 943 F.2d at 266, 267
(motion to enforce bankruptcy sale order is core proceeding, and citing 11
U.S.C. § 105(a) as permitting bankruptcy courts to "issue any order, process, or
judgment that is necessary or appropriate to carry out the provisions of this
title," which gave the bankruptcy court "the power and the jurisdiction to
enforce its valid orders.").

Moreover, the Bankruptcy Court's jurisdiction was augmented by its own explicit
retention of jurisdiction to enforce orders related to the Trustee sale. Its
October 8, 2010 Approval Order -- which, inter alia, authorized procedures for
the sale of the Debtors' assets -- provided that the Bankruptcy Court retained
jurisdiction "over any matter or dispute arising from or relating to the
implementation of this Order or related to the Sale(s)." (09-bk-10003, Dkt. No.
53, ¶ 6.)12 See Travelers, 557 U.S. at 151 (noting that bankruptcy court
authority to enforce its own prior [*25]  orders was augmented by court's
explicit retention of jurisdiction over matter); accord In re AGR Premier
Consulting, Inc., 550 Fed. Appx. at 122.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

12 The Order also provided that "[t]his matter is a core proceeding pursuant to
28 U.S.C. 157(b)(2)(A), (N) and (O)." (Dkt. No. 53 at 2.)
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Finally, there is no question that the Sale Order satisfies the Third Circuit's
core proceeding test because it invoked the trustee's power to sell property of
the estate under Section 363, a substantive provision of the Bankruptcy Code.
Further, the Chapter 7 Trustee sale of assets of a bankruptcy estate could arise
only in the context of a bankruptcy case. The Restitution Order, in turn,
enforces the provisions of the Sale Order. In Clark v. Chrysler Group, LLC, 2010
U.S. Dist. LEXIS 118741, [WL] (E.D. Pa. Nov. 5, 2010), a district court held
that while it was not entirely clear that an order interpreting a bankruptcy
sale order fell squarely within § 157(b)(2)(N)'s definition of a core
proceeding, it was a core proceeding "because its resolution turns on the
interpretation of the Bankruptcy Court's Sale Order ... and is based on the
rights established by the Sale Order." Id. at *24. Similarly here, the
Restitution Order is grounded in an interpretation of the Sale Order for
purposes of enforcing that Order. Thus, the Court concludes that the Restitution
Order also satisfies the Third Circuit's core proceeding test. [*26]

In view of the foregoing, the Court concludes that the Sale and Restitution
Orders were core proceedings, and that the Bankruptcy Court had the requisite
statutory authority to enter these Orders.

b. Constitutional Authority

Having found that the Bankruptcy Court had the requisite statutory authority to
issue the Sale and Restitution Orders, the question becomes whether that Court
also had the constitutional authority to do so. The issue of a bankruptcy
court's constitutional authority to enter a final order was discussed at length
in Stern. The issue involves the interplay between Articles I and III of the
U.S. Constitution. In Article I, Congress was granted the power to enact
bankruptcy laws: "The Congress shall have Power ... To establish ... uniform
Laws on the subject of Bankruptcies throughout the United States." U.S. Const.,
§ 8, cl. 4. Judicial power, on the other hand, emanates from Article III, which
mandates that "[t]he judicial Power of the United States, shall be vested in one
supreme Court, and in such inferior Courts as the Congress may from time to time
ordain and establish." U.S. Const. Art. III, § 1. Article III judicial power '
"can no more be shared' with another branch 'than the Chief Executive, [*27]
for example, can share with the Judiciary the veto power[.]" ' Stern, 564 U.S.
at 483 (quoting United States v. Nixon, 418 U.S. 683, 704, 94 S. Ct. 3090, 41 L.
Ed. 2d 1039 (1974)). In other words, the "Framers considered it essential that
the judiciary remain truly distinct from both the legislative and executive."
Id. (internal quotation marks omitted).

The question of a bankruptcy court's constitutional authority to issue a final
decision on a claim depends on whether the claim involves a public right (where
bankruptcy courts may issue final orders) or a private right (where they may
not). The Stern Court surveyed public rights jurisprudence, and culled examples
of claims that fell within that rubric, which would allow such claims to be
"decided outside the Judicial Branch." Id. at 488. In its survey of the "varied
formulations" over the years of the public rights exception, the Stern Court
wrote that "what makes a right 'public' rather than private is that the right is
integrally related to particular federal government action"; it "derive[d] from
a federal regulatory scheme"; it involved "a matter that can be pursued only by
grace of the other branches" or could have historically "been determined
exclusively by those branches"; "flow[ed] from a federal statutory scheme"; was
"completely dependent upon adjudication [*28]  of a claim created by federal
law"; or "the asserted authority to decide [the] claim is ... limited to a
particularized area of the law." Id. at 490, 493. These varied formulations of
"public rights" have been applied, depending on the context in which the issue
was presented to the court.13

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

13 Citing N. Pipeline Constr. Co., 458 U.S. at 69, the Watsons argue that public
rights are "controversies between the government and others," and since this
case involves disputes between private parties, the public rights exception does
not apply. (Dkt. No. 9 at 28.) This is an incorrect statement of the law
regarding the reach of "public rights." As the Court noted in Stern, "[s]hortly
after Northern Pipeline, the Court rejected the limitation of the public rights
exception to actions involving the Government as a party." Stern, 564 U.S. at
490.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

An order confirming sale of a bankruptcy estate's assets and a restitution order
enforcing that sale are "pure bankruptcy matters" that stem from a bankruptcy
court's core and traditional "bankruptcy powers," which include the
restructuring of debtor-creditor relations. N. Pipeline Const. Co. v. Marathon
Pipe Line Co., 458 U.S. 50, 71, 102 S. Ct. 2858, 73 L. Ed. 2d 598 (1982). Thus,
the Sale Order and the Restitution Order here flowed directly from a federal
statutory scheme. In that context, a bankruptcy estate was created which
included the [*29]  Debtors' property. As the case was a Chapter 7 liquidation
proceeding, it involved liquidating the estate's assets -- selling the Debtors'
real property at auction in order to reduce the creditors' claims against the
estate. See Murphy v. Felice (In re Felice), 480 B.R. 401, 433 (Bankr. D. Mass.
2012) ("[B]y voluntarily filing for bankruptcy relief, the Debtors willingly
subjected themselves to a federal scheme for restructuring debtor-creditor
relations created by Congress pursuant to its Article I power ... A core feature
of that scheme is the debtor's consent to the trustee's disposing of his
property.").14 This act is of basic importance in the administration of the
bankruptcy estate. In contrast to the state law counterclaim asserted in Stern,
no state law causes of action were raised before the Bankruptcy Court here.
Accordingly, the Court concludes that the claim here involves administration of
public rights, which is properly within the jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy
Court. See Prime Healthcare Servs., Inc. v. Hudson Hosp. Propco, Inc., (In re
Christ Hosp.), 2014 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 128409, [WL] (D.N.J. Sept. 12, 2014)
(district court approvingly cited bankruptcy court's holding that its
"jurisdiction to interpret and enforce its sale and confirmation orders is
historic and unimpeded by Stern v. Marshall or other recent developments in the
law," id. at *11, and thus refusing to extend Stern's reach into [*30]
bankruptcy court's authority to enforce its § 363 sales orders pursuant to §
157(b)(2)(N), id. at *11).

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

14 "Chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code is titled 'Liquidation,' and this title
fully expresses the purpose of the Chapter's provisions. Chapter 7 provides the
mechanism for taking control of the property of the debtor, selling it and
distributing the proceeds in accordance with the distribution scheme of the
Code. It is the basic recovery provided for by the Bankruptcy Code." 1-1 Collier
on Bankruptcy ¶ 1.07 (16th ed.)
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

This conclusion is consistent with the recognition that Stern's holding that
"the authority granted by Congress to the bankruptcy courts exceeded the
limitations of Article III" was made in ' "one isolated respect" ' and did not
apply where the claims were "not independent of the bankruptcy but rather
irreversibly intertwined with the Bankruptcy Court-approved resolution of [the
party's] underlying claims against the bankruptcy estate[.]" In re New Century
TRS Holdings, Inc., 544 Fed. Appx. at 73 (quoting Stern, 564 U.S. at 503); see
also In re Christ Hosp., 2014 U.S. Dist. LEXIS at *11 (emphasizing Stern's
"narrow" holding); Ardi Ltd. P'ship v. The Buncher Co. (In re River Entm't Co.),
467 B.R. 808, 816-18 (Bankr. W.D. Pa. 2012) (finding that Stern did not preclude
bankruptcy court's authority where the resolution of the matter was entirely
dependent on court's interpretation and enforcement of court's prior order and
not dependent [*31]  on adjudication of an independent state law claim); Moore
v. Martillo (In re CD Liquidation Co., LLC), 462 B.R. 124, 136 (Bankr. D. Del.
2011) (finding Stern inapposite where injunction motion did not "raise any
substantive or state law issues," but "involve[d] the most basic and intrinsic
authority of this or any court -- the authority to enforce its [Confirmation]
order."). Thus, the narrow holding of Stern did not "meaningfully change[ ] the
division of labor in the current [bankruptcy] statute," and does not apply here.
Stern, 564 U.S. at 502.15

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

15 The Watsons claim that "Stern casts doubt on the constitutionality of the
entire bankruptcy system which is narrowly propped upon the supervision of
bankruptcy judges by Article III district courts." (Dkt. No. 9 at 36.) The Court
rejects the Watsons' attempt to broaden Stern completely out of proportion to
its actual holding.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Accordingly, this Court concludes that the Sale and Restitution Orders herein
involved the adjudication of public, not private, rights, and thus did not
require an Article III judge for their resolution. The Bankruptcy Judge,
therefore, had the requisite statutory and constitutional authority to enter the
Orders at issue.

c. Other Constitutional and Jurisdictional Issues

Having determined that the Bankruptcy Court's exercise of jurisdiction over
[*32]  the Sale and Restitution Orders was statutorily and constitutionally
permissible -- such that a non-Article III judge could enter those Orders --
this conclusion impacts a number of the Watsons' related constitutional and
jurisdictional arguments. For example, the Watsons claim a "right" to have an
Article III judge, rather than an "Article III adjunct or a non-Article III
judge hear bankruptcy cases," particularly following the Stern decision. (Dkt.
No. 9 at 26.) As discussed above, Stern provides no support for this
proposition. Moreover, Stern rejected the characterization of Bankruptcy Judges
as "Article III adjuncts," noting that, given their authority to issue final
judgments in many instances, "a bankruptcy court can no more be deemed a mere
'adjunct' of the district court than a district court can be deemed such an
'adjunct' of the court of appeals." Stern, 564 U.S. at 500. Other related
constitutional and jurisdictional arguments advanced by the Watsons that rely on
Stern, which the Court similarly rejects are: whether "there is a right to have
either [sic] an Article III judge rather than an Article III adjunct hear
bankruptcy cases," and whether "there is a right absent the availability of an
Article [*33]  III judge to hear bankruptcy cases to have such cases heard by a
Judge appointed by the President and Confirmed by the Senate." (11-cv-0058, Dkt.
No. 9 at 9.)

In sum, the Court finds that the Bankruptcy Court had both statutory and
constitutional authority to enter the Sale and Restitution Orders; that Stern
does not apply under the circumstances here; and that the Watsons' many
arguments that rely completely or in part on Stern in their challenge to the
Bankruptcy Court's jurisdiction to enter the Orders are unavailing.

B. Challenges to the Jurisdiction of the District Court of the Virgin Islands
and its Bankruptcy Division to Hear This Case

The Watsons' next cluster of constitutional and jurisdictional challenges focus
on the legitimacy of the Bankruptcy Court and the District Court of the Virgin
Islands to hear and decide this case. In order to place their arguments in
context, some background concerning the structure of the District Court of the
Virgin Islands and its Bankruptcy Division is in order.

1. Statutory Background of the District Court and Its Bankruptcy Division

As an unincorporated territory of the United States, the federal court system in
the Virgin Islands falls under [*34]  Article IV of the Constitution. In
contrast, then, to district courts in the fifty States, which are established
pursuant to Article III of the United States Constitution, "[t]he District Court
of the Virgin Islands derives its jurisdiction from congressional action based
on Article IV." United States v. Carino, 596 Fed. Appx. 88, 91 (3d Cir. 2014);
U.S. Const., Art. IV, § 3 ("The Congress shall have Power to dispose of and make
all needful Rules and Regulations respecting the Territory or other Property
belonging to the United States[.]"). In that regard, "Congress enacted the
'Revised Organic Act,' 48 U.S.C. § 1541 et seq., for the Virgin Islands to
provide a basis for territorial government and 48 U.S.C. § 1612 to define the
scope of the District Court's jurisdiction." Id. In Section 1612, Congress
directed that the District Court of the Virgin Islands "shall have the
jurisdiction of a District Court of the United States, including, but not
limited to, ... that of a bankruptcy court of the United States." 48 U.S.C. §
1612(a); see United States v. Gov't of the Virgin Islands, 363 F.3d 276, 284
n.3, 45 V.I. 764 (3d Cir. 2004) ("The District Court of the Virgin Islands is an
Article IV court, but is authorized by statute to exercise jurisdiction
equivalent to an Article III court.") (citing 48 U.S.C. § 1612(a)). Section 1614
of the Revised Organic Act provides, in pertinent part, that "[t]he President
shall, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, appoint two judges for
the District Court of the Virgin Islands, who shall hold office [*35]  for terms
of ten years and until their successors are chosen and qualified, unless sooner
removed by the President for cause." 48 U.S.C. § 1614(a). Thus, as an Article IV
Court with the same jurisdiction as an Article III Court, including jurisdiction
over core bankruptcy matters, the Constitution authorizes and the federal
Revised Organic Act confers jurisdiction on this Article IV Court to hear
bankruptcy matters.

As noted above, 28 U.S.C. § 1334 confers upon district courts "original but not
exclusive jurisdiction of all civil proceedings arising under title 11, or
arising in or related to cases under title 11." 28 U.S.C. § 1334(b). , Title 28
Section 157 provides that "[e]ach district court may provide that any or all
cases under title 11 and any or all proceedings arising under title 11 or
arising in or related to a case under title 11 shall be referred to the
bankruptcy judges for the district." 28 U.S.C. § 157(a). Consistent with §
1612(a), district courts in the Virgin Islands may refer matters to bankruptcy
judges in the District of the Virgin Islands. See George v. Alvin Williams
Trucking & Equipment Rental, Inc., 2004 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 907, *6, [WL], at *2
(D.V.I. Jan. 16, 2004) ("Congress also gave this Court the same authority [as
Article III courts] to refer these [bankruptcy] actions to the bankruptcy judges
for the district[.]"). Pursuant to this authority, on April 1, 1990, the
District [*36]  Court of the Virgin Islands issued a Standing Order which
provides, in part, that all cases under Title 11, all proceedings arising under
Title 11 or arising in or relating to a case under Title 11, "shall be referred
to the bankruptcy judges for the district." D.V.I. April 1, 1990 Standing Order:
Dkt. No. 10 at 26; see also George, 2004 U.S. Dist. LEXIS at *7, [WL], at *2.

Other bankruptcy statutes are significant to the structure of the bankruptcy
system, both nationwide and in the Virgin Islands. Pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 155,
"[a] bankruptcy judge may be transferred to serve temporarily as a bankruptcy
judge in any judicial district other than the judicial district for which such
bankruptcy judge was appointed upon the approval of the judicial council of each
of the circuits involved." Id. § 155(a). Separately, 28 U.S.C. § 332 authorizes
the judicial council of each circuit to "make all necessary and appropriate
orders for the effective and expeditious administration of justice within its
circuit." 28 U.S.C. § 332(d)(1).

Consistent with these authorities, the Chief Judge of the Third Circuit issues
"Designation[s] of a Bankruptcy Judge for Service in Another District within the
Circuit," renewable annually, which temporarily assign a bankruptcy judge to sit
in the Virgin Islands. The appellate record [*37]  contains a copy of the
Designation issued by Chief Judge Theodore A. McKee to the Honorable Mary F.
Walrath, the designated Bankruptcy Judge for the Virgin Islands, dated December
13, 2010 and covering calendar year 2011. In that Designation, Chief Judge McKee
found that "the public interest so requires" that he designate and assign Judge
Walrath, of the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware, to
hold court in the District of the Virgin Islands during 2011. (Dkt. No. 10 at
27.)

Finally, 28 U.S.C. § 158 grants jurisdiction to the district courts to hear
appeals from final judgments, orders, and decrees of "bankruptcy judges entered
in cases and proceedings referred to the bankruptcy judges under section 157 of
this title." 28 U.S.C. § 158(a). The statute further provides that an appeal
under that subsection "shall be taken only to the district court for the
judicial district in which the bankruptcy judge is serving." Pursuant to this
authority, the District Court of the Virgin Islands hears appeals from its
Bankruptcy Division.

2. Whether Bankruptcy Judges Can Serve in the Virgin Islands

The Watsons contend that "[a] Bankruptcy Judge may not sit by designation of the
Third Circuit in the Virgin Islands since [*38]  there is no Article III
District Court" (Dkt. No. 9 at 33) and thus the Bankruptcy Court "did not have
jurisdiction" over this matter. Id. at 18. They "take issue" with the Third
Circuit's holding in Vickers Assocs., Ltd. v. Urice (In re Jaritz Indus.), 151
F.3d 93 (3d Cir. 1998), claiming that it was "incorrectly decided" and
represents dicta; that a Ninth Circuit case, In re Webster, 363 F.2d 837 (9th
Cir. 1966), should be followed instead; and that Rea v. Federated Investors, 627
F.3d 937 (3d Cir. 2010) "implicitly overruled Jaritz"; and that 28 U.S.C. §
152(a)(4) forecloses the temporary assignment of bankruptcy judges in the Virgin
Islands. (Brief at 18-20, 33-34.)

In re Jaritz rejected the contention, which the Watsons echo here, that "any
bankruptcy judge transferred to the Virgin Islands by the Circuit Council lacks
authority to adjudicate any bankruptcy matters there" because it is an Article
IV, rather than an Article III court. In re Jaritz, 151 F.3d at 97. In In re
Jaritz, the Third Circuit Judicial Council temporarily assigned a retired
bankruptcy judge from the Western District of Pennsylvania to the Virgin Islands
to meet the need there for the services of a bankruptcy judge. The In re Jaritz
case was referred to that judge pursuant to the District Court's Standing Order
of Reference. The Bankruptcy Judge entered a sanctions order against a creditor
and his attorney, who appealed that order to the District [*39]  Court. Because
the District Court on appeal read the term "judicial district" in 28 U.S.C. §
155's provision that "[a] bankruptcy judge may be transferred to serve
temporarily as a bankruptcy judge in any judicial district," as authorizing
temporary transfer of bankruptcy judges only to Article III district courts, the
Court ruled that the bankruptcy judge lacked authority to sit in the Article IV
District Court of the Virgin Islands. Accordingly, the Court concluded that
there was no "valid order to review," and dismissed the appeal. Id. at 96. The
District Court then withdrew its Standing Order of Reference. The debtor, Jaritz
Industries, appealed to the Third Circuit.

In opining on the statutory and jurisdictional underpinnings of bankruptcy
jurisdiction in the Virgin Islands, the Third Circuit in In re Jaritz engaged in
statutory interpretation and found two bases upon which the transfer of the
bankruptcy judge to the Virgin Islands was proper: under § 155 and,
alternatively, under § 332.16 With regard to Section 155, the Court found
nothing in the text of the statute, its legislative history, or the overall
statutory scheme that was meant to limit the ability to transfer a bankruptcy
judge to serve only in judicial districts [*40]  with Article III judges as
opposed to the Virgin Islands, where federal judges are appointed under Article
IV of the Constitution. This was particularly so where the "territorial courts
created by Congress under Article IV ... , like the District Court of the Virgin
Islands, were authorized to exercise the subject matter jurisdiction of Article
III district courts," including adjudication of bankruptcy cases. Id. at 98.17
With regard to Section 332, which governs the authority of judicial councils to
act so as to promote the "effective and expeditious administration of justice
within its circuit," the Third Circuit found that the transfers of bankruptcy
judges to the Virgin Islands to assist in servicing the bankruptcy load there
was authorized by the statute to encompass the action taken by the Circuit
Council in that case. Id. at 98, 101.18

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

16 Two of the three Judges on the panel found that 28 U.S.C. § 155 authorized
transfer of bankruptcy judges to the Virgin Islands; all three of the Judges
found that 28 U.S.C. § 332(d) authorized the transfer.

17 Two of the panel members held that, notwithstanding a statutory definition of
"judicial district" in § 451 of Title 28 encompassing only Article III district
courts, Congress intended the term as used in § 155 to be broader and to include
Article IV [*41]  district courts; therefore, the Third Circuit was authorized
under § 155 to temporarily transfer a bankruptcy judge originally appointed to
the Western District of Pennsylvania to serve in the District of the Virgin
Islands. In re Jaritz, 151 F.3d at 99-100.

18 The Third Circuit noted that the District Court's order that was appealed and
the resulting withdrawal of the Standing Order of Reference had "substantially
burdened the administration of bankruptcy in the Virgin Islands." In re Jaritz,
151 F.3d at 97.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Thus, the Third Circuit in In re Jaritz concluded that the temporary assignment
of bankruptcy judges to the Virgin Islands was authorized under two statutes;
that the fact that the District Court of the Virgin Islands is an Article IV
rather than an Article III court did not make a difference in authorizing the
temporary transfer; and that the Bankruptcy Court had jurisdiction to enter
orders.19 This binding authority resolves the constellation of issues raised by
the Watsons.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

19 In Alkon v. United States, 239 F.3d 565, 43 V.I. 325 (3d Cir. 2001), the
Third Circuit fully adopted the statutory analysis in In re Jaritz when
analyzing the meaning of the term "district court" in § 155, and applied that
definition to another statute concerning the District Court of the Virgin
Islands.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

The Watsons' various arguments against the [*42]  applicability of In re Jaritz
do not pass muster. First, they argue that since In re Jaritz dealt only with
the validity of sanctions and not a substantive order, "it can be argued that it
was dicta rather than a holding as to substantive orders." (Dkt. No. 9 at
18-19.) While the Court understands the basis for the Watsons' argument, it
finds that the text of In re Jaritz dispenses with this contention. In this
regard, the Court wrote:


     Under normal circumstances, we would conclude our analysis here
     [affirming the Bankruptcy Court's sanctions order]. The foregoing
     discussion therefore provides adequate support for our mandate.
     Nonetheless, the district court's opinion expresses the view that any
     bankruptcy judge transferred to the Virgin Islands by the Circuit
     Council lacks authority to adjudicate any bankruptcy matters there,
     and this view has resulted in the withdrawal of the district's
     standing order of reference. This has substantially burdened the
     administration of bankruptcy in the Virgin Islands. Because the issue
     is of such significance and the parties have briefed it extensively,
     we pursue our discussion of whether [the bankruptcy judge assigned to
     the Virgin Islands] was properly [*43]  authorized to hear bankruptcy
     matters in the Virgin Islands.


In re Jaritz, 151 F.3d at 97 (emphasis added). The Court then wrote, "[t]he
specific issue for decision here is a narrow one: what did Congress intend when
it used the term 'judicial district' in § 155." Id.

Thus, the Third Circuit recognized that "under normal circumstances," an
exposition on the statutory interpretation of 28 U.S.C. § 155 would be dicta
because it had already found that the district court had jurisdiction to review
the sanctions order before it based on a court's interest in conducting
proceedings in an orderly manner. The affirmance of the sanctions order did not
implicate any of the other jurisdictional arguments raised concerning the
transfer of bankruptcy judges to the Virgin Islands and the adjudication of
bankruptcy matters there. But, as the Third Circuit in In re Jaritz made clear,
this was not a "normal circumstance." The Court was impelled to address and
decide the issues surrounding general bankruptcy jurisdiction in the Virgin
Islands, given that the district court's order finding that a bankruptcy court
judge lacked authority to sit in the District Court of the Virgin Islands and
the resulting withdrawal of the Standing Order of Reference, "substantially
[*44]  burdened" the administration of bankruptcy in the Territory. Because the
impact of the district court's order went to the very core of bankruptcy
jurisdiction in the Virgin Islands, and was an issue of "such significance"
(which had been fully briefed), the Third Circuit proceeded to discuss and
decide the issue of whether § 155 authorized transfers of bankruptcy judges to
serve in the District of the Virgin Islands. It answered that question in the
affirmative, as a holding of the Court. Accordingly, the Court rejects the
Watsons' view that the holding in In re Jaritz should be considered to be mere
dicta.

Further, contrary to the Watsons' contention, the Third Circuit in Rea did not
"implicitly overrule[] Jaritz." (Dkt. No. 9 at 19.) The Court in Rea analyzed
the text of the Bankruptcy Code's antidiscrimination provision and held that the
statute did not create a cause of action against private employers who engaged
in discriminatory hiring -- i.e. refusing to hire because the applicant had
declared bankruptcy. Rea, 627 F.3d at 941. The Watsons apparently cite Rea
because the Third Circuit gave a narrow reading to a statutory phrase used in
the antidiscrimination statute, in contrast to the liberal reading it [*45]
gave to the phrase "district court" in § 155. This analysis in Rea --
interpreting different terms in a different bankruptcy provision -- is
inapposite. It does not in any way overrule In re Jaritz, implicitly or
otherwise. Nor could it because, pursuant to the Internal Operating Rules of the
Third Circuit, a Third Circuit panel cannot overrule an earlier binding panel
decision; only the entire court sitting en banc can do so. Chester ex rel.
N.L.R.B. v. Grane Healthcare Co., 666 F.3d 87, 94 (3d Cir. 2011) (citing Third
Circuit I.O.P. 9.1).

The Watsons' reliance on In re Webster suffers the same fate. Webster concerned
a disciplinary proceeding in 1965 involving an attorney from Guam. The Ninth
Circuit held that the attorney was entitled to have his disciplinary charge
adjudicated and heard by the district judge -- not by the district judge
together with two other members of Guam's Island Court who assisted the district
judge on the bench. The Ninth Circuit ruled that only the district judge could
adjudicate the issues; that no applicable statute, regulation or rule of court
authorized the procedure used in that case; and that the assistance of persons
not connected with the district judge's staff was unauthorized. Webster, 363
F.2d at 839.

Webster did not reach a "different result" than In re Jaritz, as the facts and
legal [*46]  issues in the cases were completely different.20 Moreover, a Ninth
Circuit case decided thirty-plus years before In re Jaritz should not be
considered persuasive in the face of binding authority in the Third Circuit. See
United States v. Mitlo, 714 F.2d 294, 298 (3d Cir. 1983) ("[A] decision by this
court, not overruled by the Supreme Court[,] is a decision of the court of last
resort of this federal judicial circuit and is therefore 'binding on all
inferior courts and litigants in the Third Judicial Circuit.' ") (quoting
Allegheny Gen. Hosp. v. NLRB, 608 F.2d 965, 970 (3d Cir. 1979)).

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

20 Within the context of their discussion of Webster, the Watsons observed that
48 U.S.C. § 1614(a) of the Revised Organic Act, enumerates different categories
of judges that the Chief Judge of the Third Judicial Council is authorized to
assign to the District Court of the Virgin Islands to "serve temporarily as a
judge of the District Court of the Virgin Islands," including a judge of a court
of record of the Virgin Islands, a circuit or district judge in the Third
Circuit, or a recalled senior judge of the District Court. Id. Because
Bankruptcy Judges are not listed in § 1614(a), the Watsons claim that they
cannot be assigned to serve in the Virgin Islands. The Watsons are mixing apples
and oranges. By its explicit terms, § 1614(a) addresses those judges who [*47]
may be assigned to serve "temporarily as a judge of the District Court of the
Virgin Islands." In other words, the provision identifies judges who are
permitted to substitute for the district court judge. The fact that bankruptcy
judges are not afforded that particular privilege is completely irrelevant to
the question of whether bankruptcy judges can be assigned temporarily to serve
as bankruptcy judges in the Virgin Islands. As the Third Circuit in In re Jaritz
holds, the authority to temporarily assign bankruptcy judges in the Virgin
Islands arises from both 28 U.S.C. § 155(a) and 28 U.S.C. § 332(d). In re Jaritz
, 151 F.3d at 97-103.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Finally, the Court rejects the Watsons' argument that 28 U.S.C. § 152(a)(4)
precludes the temporary transfer of bankruptcy judges to the Virgin Islands.
(Dkt. No. 9 at 25.) Here, too, In re Jaritz forecloses that argument.

Section 152(a)(4) provides:


     The judges of the district courts for the territories shall serve as
     the bankruptcy judges for such courts. The United States court of
     appeals for the circuit within which such a territorial district court
     is located may appoint bankruptcy judges under this chapter for such
     district if authorized to do so by the Congress of the United States
     under this section.


28 U.S.C. § 152(a)(4). The Watsons contend that the Third Circuit cannot [*48]
appoint bankruptcy judges to serve in the territories under this statute in the
absence of Congressional authorization -- which does not exist. (Dkt. No. 9 at
25.) However, this argument conflates the requirement that Congress authorize
full-time bankruptcy judges for the territories, as set forth in § 152, with the
separate authority under other statutes, i.e. 28 U.S.C. §§ 155 and 157, that
permits the circuit to designate temporary bankruptcy judges to serve in those
districts, prior to the time that the bankruptcy workload is deemed to be
sufficiently heavy to warrant a request to Congress and approval from that body
to appoint a full-time bankruptcy judge. In In re Jaritz, the Third Circuit
explained this precise point. In re Jaritz, 151 F.3d at 98-99. Thus, the Court
finds that the Watsons' argument is without merit.

In view of the foregoing, the Court rejects the Watsons' arguments that a
Bankruptcy Judge may not sit by designation of the Third Circuit in the Virgin
Islands since there is no Article III District Court, and that orders issued by
such a Bankruptcy Judge are, as a result, "void or voidable due to lack of legal
authority" to sit in the Territory. To the contrary, Article IV confers on
Congress the authority to determine [*49]  the jurisdiction of the District
Court of the Virgin Islands, and the Revised Organic Act, passed by Congress,
confers jurisdiction over bankruptcy matters to the District Court. Further, the
Third Circuit, as held in In re Jaritz, has the authority under two statutes, 28
U.S.C. §§ 157 and 332, to temporarily transfer bankruptcy judges from another
judicial district in the Third Circuit to the Virgin Islands, and the Third
Circuit properly exercised that authority to temporarily transfer a bankruptcy
judge to the Virgin Islands -- who in turn heard the Watsons' case. Accordingly,
the Bankruptcy Judge, the Honorable Mary F. Walrath, sitting by designation in
the Bankruptcy Division of the District Court of the Virgin Islands had the
requisite legal authority to sit in the Article IV District Court of the Virgin
Islands; had jurisdiction over the Watsons' case; and had the authority to issue
the Orders here.

3. Related Arguments

a. Appeal Heard by Article III Judge

The Watsons also assert that they have a right to have this appeal heard de novo
by an Article III judge, a right which includes a "bankruptcy appeal by trial,"
at least in a circumstance where "the original judge was not an Article III
judge." (Dkt. [*50]  No. 9 at 37.)21 They suggest that the "simplest way to
accomplish this," as a means of curing some of the alleged legal and
constitutional infirmities of the current arrangement for bankruptcy cases in
the Virgin Islands, would be "to transfer the case to the United States District
Court for the District of Delaware since it has supervisory authority over the
Bankruptcy Judge in this case." Id. The Watsons claim that appeals may be
transferred pursuant to 28 U.S.C. § 1631 to cure jurisdictional infirmities, and
that such transfer is "mandatory if the interests of justice so require," which
they assert is the case here. Id. at 37-38.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

21 The Watsons' argument that they have a right to a "bankruptcy appeal by trial
de novo by an Article III court" is predicated on the alleged "legal and
constitutional infirmities of the current arrangement for bankruptcy cases in
the Virgin Islands[.]" (Dkt. No. 9 at 37.) The faulty premise of this argument,
as discussed above, renders the argument fatally flawed.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

This argument is foreclosed by 28 U.S.C. § 158(a), as discussed in the Third
Circuit's Opinion in Coffey v. Marina Mgmt. Servs. Inc. (In re Kool, Mann,
Coffee & Co.), 23 F.3d 66, 30 V.I. 389 (3d Cir. 1994). In In re Kool, Mann, the
Third Circuit found that a Local Bankruptcy Rule of the Bankruptcy Division of
the District Court of the Virgin Islands -- providing [*51]  that appeals from
the Bankruptcy Division were to be forwarded directly to the Third Circuit Court
of Appeals -- conflicted with 28 U.S.C. § 158, which provides that appeals from
decisions by bankruptcy judges must be directed to the district court for the
district where the bankruptcy judge is serving.22 In this regard, the Court held
that, pursuant to § 158, appeals from decisions rendered by bankruptcy judges
sitting by designation in the Virgin Islands must be heard by the District Court
of the Virgin Islands. Id. at 68; see id. at 69. In other words, pursuant to 28
U.S.C. § 158(a), the District Court of the Virgin Islands has the same appellate
jurisdiction over decisions of a bankruptcy judge as possessed by Article III
district courts. See also 48 U.S.C. § 1612(a) (vesting district judges of the
Virgin Islands with the jurisdiction of "a bankruptcy court of the United
States").

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

22 28 U.S.C. § 158 provides, in pertinent part, that "[t]he district courts of
the United States shall have jurisdiction to hear appeals from final judgments,
orders, and decrees, ... and with leave of the court, from interlocutory orders
and decrees, of bankruptcy judges entered in cases and proceedings referred to
the bankruptcy judges under section 157 of this title. An appeal under this
subsection shall [*52]  be taken only to the district court for the judicial
district in which the bankruptcy judge is serving." 28 U.S.C. § 158(a) (emphasis
added).
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Accordingly, the provisions of § 158(a) apply in the Virgin Islands, and appeals
from the Bankruptcy Division are properly directed to the District Court of the
Virgin Islands, notwithstanding its status as an Article IV Court. The Watsons'
contentions that the appeals herein must be transferred to the District Court of
Delaware and that they have a right to have the appeals heard by an Article III
judge are, therefore, groundless.

The Watsons' citation to 28 U.S.C. § 1631 is equally unavailing. That statute
permits the transfer of an appeal -- if the court finds that there is a "want of
jurisdiction" -- to a court in which the appeal could have been brought at the
time it was filed. However, here there was no "want of jurisdiction" either in
the bankruptcy court or district court, and therefore no reason to invoke § 1631
.

The Watsons also assert that, in the wake of Stern, which "cast doubt on the
constitutionality of the entire bankruptcy system," if a judge has no authority
under the bankruptcy statutes or Constitution to sit in the Virgin Islands, all
orders issued by the Bankruptcy Court in the [*53]  Virgin Islands are void or
voidable for lack of subject matter jurisdiction. (Dkt. No. 9 at 36.) As
indicated above, Stern made no such all-encompassing pronouncement; the
Bankruptcy Court has statutory and constitutional authority to sit in the Virgin
Islands; and the orders issued by the Bankruptcy Judge are not void or voidable
for lack of subject matter jurisdiction.23

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

23 The Watsons also make a separation of powers argument to the effect that
bankruptcy judges, as Article III adjuncts, may not sit in a non-Article III
district court, such as the District Court of the Virgin Islands, because a
bankruptcy judge is appointed by the Court of Appeals, which is part of the
judicial branch, and they cannot serve under a non-Article III District Court,
"which can be said to be part of the executive or legislative branch of
government." (Dkt. No. 9 at 35.) The Court, however, need not reach any
separation of powers issues because, as discussed above, the Bankruptcy Court
adjudicated a core proceeding that falls into the public rights exception, and
such claims are properly adjudicated by non-Article III judges.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

For all of the foregoing reasons, the Court rejects the Watsons' constitutional
and [*54]  jurisdictional arguments that challenge the authority of the District
Court of the Virgin Islands and its Bankruptcy Division to hear this case,
including: whether "there even exists a Bankruptcy Court in the Virgin Islands
since there is no Article III Court"; whether "there is a right absent the
availability of an Article III judge to hear bankruptcy cases to have such cases
heard by a Judge appointed by the President and Confirmed by the Senate"; and
whether "a judge may sit in the District Court (including any Bankruptcy Court)
of the Virgin Islands without having been appointed by the President and
confirmed by the Senate." (11-cv-0058, Dkt. No. 9 at 9.)

C. Merits-Based Arguments

Having dispensed with the overlapping constitutional and jurisdictional
arguments spread through the Watsons' briefs, the Court will now address the
specific merits-based arguments they have raised that challenge the Approval,
Sale, and Restitution Orders.

1. The Approval and Sale Orders

The Watsons argue that the Bankruptcy Court should not have approved or
confirmed the sale of the Property to LPP Mortgage because: (1) the Bankruptcy
Court should have required a foreclosure sale and lifting of the automatic [*55]
stay, which would have given the Watsons the right to redeem their property
under Virgin Islands law, but the Court did not order this relief allegedly due
to LPP Mortgage's bad faith and the collusion between LPP Mortgage and the
Chapter 7 Trustee; (2) the Bankruptcy Court should have allowed the Watsons more
time to obtain financing; and (3) the Bankruptcy Court erroneously allowed
credit bidding and erroneously approved sales prices that were disproportionate
to the values and amounts owed. (11-cv-0012, Dkt. No. 31 at 33-38.) Because
these arguments were either not raised before the Bankruptcy Court and are thus
waived, or are meritless, they will be rejected.

a. Procedural Background

On September 15, 2010, the Chapter 7 Trustee filed a proposed order which
contained procedures for sale of the Debtors' assets and the form of the notices
for the sale. (09-bk-10003, Dkt. No. 41.) Among the terms contained in the
proposed Order were that: the Trustee demonstrated good, sufficient and sound
business purpose and justification for the sale pursuant to 11 U.S.C. § 363(b);
if the sale was done in accordance with the sales procedures, then the
consideration provided by a purchaser for any assets would be fair [*56]  and
reasonable and would be the highest and best offer for those assets; and that a
secured creditor could submit a credit bid to the extent of its allowed claim.
Id.

Ms. Gail Chiang24 filed an Objection to the Sale on September 17, 2010, in which
she stated that the loan she secured through U.S. Department of
Agriculture-Rural Development was "expected to close" within sixty days, and
asked the Bankruptcy Court to delay issuing the order approving the Trustee sale
for an undetermined time "until she can offer her proposal to the trustee and
the court." (09-bk-10002, Dkt. No. 68.)25

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

24 Ms. Chiang was not a debtor in either of the bankruptcy cases. She is
apparently a daughter of Curneall and Leona Watson, and was President of
Caledonia Springs. At some of the Bankruptcy Court hearings, she was represented
by counsel as an "interested party" who was attempting to obtain funding to
purchase the properties. She also filed documents in the Bankruptcy Court which
were considered and addressed by the Court.

25 The August 2010 letter from USDA that she attached to demonstrate that the
loan had allegedly been secured was addressed to a bank in Rhode Island which
indicated that Ms. Chiang was seeking "financing [*57]  for a new business
venture in the Virgin Islands" from the USDA's Business & Industry Loan
Guarantee Program, but that the application for funding had not yet been
submitted. (Dkt. No. 72.)
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

The Court held a hearing on October 7, 2010 concerning the proposed Order.
(09-bk-10003, Dkt. No. 52; 09-bk-10002, Transcript, Dkt. No. 105.) At the
October 7th hearing, the Chapter 7 Trustee stated that he had been giving Ms.
Gail Chiang, an "interested party," and her attorney an opportunity to present a
proposal to purchase the properties but, absent a proposal, his suggestion was
to conduct the auction during the first week of December. (Dkt. No. 105 at 3.)
LPP Mortgage's counsel noted that the Trustee would provide the Debtors and Ms.
Chiang an opportunity to make a definitive offer before the sale, which might
obviate the need for an auction. He nevertheless urged the Court to enter the
proposed Order submitted by the Trustee to allow the matter to proceed, rather
than delay the sale. Id. at 5-6. Counsel observed that: LPP Mortgage filed a
foreclosure action in 2002; was granted summary judgment in 2007; none of the
loans had been paid in over fifteen years; and the Debtors had ample time to
resolve [*58]  their financial problems. Id. at 6-7.

The Court scheduled the auction for December 2, 2010; ordered written objections
to the sale to be filed by December 7; and set a hearing for confirmation of the
sale on December 9. Id. at 3, 9.

The Court also considered Ms. Chiang's objection at the hearing. Ms. Chiang's
counsel indicated that she was endeavoring to secure financing to purchase the
property, but did not ask that the December 2 sale date be rescheduled. (See
09-bk-10002, Dkt. No. 105 at 4: "I don't see a problem with the time frame that
the Court has set."). Counsel stated that he had asked a representative of the
Office of the Congressional Delegate to attend the hearing to show Ms. Chiang's
good faith effort in obtaining funding to purchase the property. Id. at 7-8.26
Judge Walrath stated that she would not preclude anyone from submitting an
offer, but "it will be subject to others making offers as well, and it will be
done pursuant to a public auction." Id. at 7.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

26 That person appeared by telephone but did not otherwise participate.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

On October 8, 2010, the Bankruptcy Court entered the Approval Order "(I)
Authorizing Procedures for Sales of the Debtors' Assets; and (II) Approving Form
of Notice of Sales of Assets Pursuant [*59]  to 11 U.S.C. 105 and 33, Fed.
Bankr. P. 6004 and LBR 6004-1." (09-bk-10002, Dkt. No. 78.) The Watsons did not
object to the proposed Order or the October 8, 2010 Approval Order, nor did they
obtain a stay of the sale.

At the eleventh hour, on November 30, 2010, Ms. Chiang filed a Motion for an
Emergency Stay of the Sale seeking, inter alia, an additional ninety days to
secure a loan from the U.S. Department of Agriculture to purchase the property.
(09-bk-10003, Dkt. No. 58.) In her emergency motion, she stated that a Rhode
Island bank had agreed to approve a loan for her through USDA, and cited an
attached letter from the then-Virgin Islands Congressional Delegate, Donna
Christensen, in support of her request for a stay.27 The Bankruptcy Court
summarily denied the Motion on December 1, 2010. (09-bk-10003, Dkt. No. 61.)

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

27 The letter spoke in general terms, urging a stay "so that unresolved issues
can be fully addressed before the auction proceeds and dispossesses the family
of their business and realty assets." (Dkt. No. 58-2.)
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

The sale was held on December 2, 2010 and the Trustee filed a report of sale on
December 6, 2010. (09-bk-10002, Dkt. No. 82.) No written objections to the sale
were filed by the December [*60]  7, 2010 deadline, as required by the October
8, 2010 Approval Order.

On December 9, 2010, the Court held a hearing on the Trustee's motion to approve
the sale. Ms. Chiang submitted a written objection approximately one hour before
the hearing. (09-bk-10003, Dkt. No. 65.) The only issue raised relevant to this
appeal is that she urged that the sale not be confirmed because it did not
provide any option to pay the unsecured creditors. Id.

At the hearing, the Trustee reported that secured creditor LPP Mortgage was the
only bidder at the auction. (09-bk-10003, Dkt. No. 71; 09-bk-10002, Transcript,
Dkt. No. 106.) The Debtors' attorney stated that, at the auction, the Debtors
had observed that the bank put in a credit bid for the properties, which made
them wonder "what would be the position in the best interest of the unsecureds?
So on behalf of the debtors we ask for a review of the sale to ensure that
everything was above board and as required by law." (Dkt. No. 106 at 3-4; see
also id. at 11, 12.) Debtors' counsel also stated that there was "only one
person who could, in good faith, bid, and that was LPP Mortgage," id. at 11, and
added that LPP Mortgage "could have requested a lift of the stay and ... had
[*61]  the properties sold separately," which would have provided the Debtors
with an "opportunity to redeem." Id. at 11-12.

LPP Mortgage's counsel responded that he had not received any written objection
to the sale from the Debtors, and no such objections had been filed by the
December 7 deadline pursuant to the Court's Order. Id. at 5. He stated that he
had not heard any "substantive objection to the procedures of the auction
itself" from the Debtors or "any suggestion that there was anything irregular
about the way the auction was conducted." Id. at 6. Counsel noted that the
Debtors appeared to be concerned that the total proceeds were insufficient to
pay anything more than the two secured creditors -- where the first priority
secured lender, the Department of Agriculture, would be paid in full and LPP
Mortgage would be paid 66% -- but no one had suggested that the over 1.2 million
dollars paid was "grossly inadequate" for the distressed assets being sold. Id.
at 6, 7; see id. at 9, 10. Counsel also stated that if the Watsons had been
concerned about the inadequacy of the sale amounts to pay their creditors, they
had had ample time to liquidate their holdings and pay them. Id. at 10. He also
questioned whether Ms. Chiang, who was neither a debtor nor [*62]  an unsecured
creditor, had standing to object to confirmation of the sale. Id.28

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

28 While Ms. Chiang attended the hearing, her counsel did not, and she did not
participate. (Dkt. No. 106 at 10-11.)
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

The Bankruptcy Court overruled the objections, agreeing that "there's been no
suggestion or evidence that the procedures that I set were not followed," and
that LPP Mortgage had the right to credit bid. Id. at 13-14 The Court further
observed that "there was nobody else willing to submit any bid, let alone a bid
that was higher on any of these properties. It's unfortunate that there was not
a sufficient bid to result in payment to the unsecured creditors, or the
Debtors, but in bankruptcy, unfortunately, that often happens." Id. at 14. The
Court confirmed the sales. Id.

b. Foreclosure Sale; Collusion

The Debtors never objected to the October 2010 Approval Order setting forth the
procedures to be followed at the sale. They also interposed no written
objections to the sale by the Court-ordered December 7, 2010 deadline. Even at
the December 9, 2010 hearing, the Debtors never suggested that the sale had not
followed all of the required procedures or that there was anything improper in
how the sale was conducted.

Rather, [*63]  the Debtors asked only that the Court review the procedures to
ensure that everything was "above board and as required by law." (Dkt. No. 106
at 4.) Debtors' counsel also commented at the December 9th hearing that LPP
Mortgage could have decided to lift the stay and have the properties sold in
accordance with local law, which would have afforded them additional time
provided by the redemption period. However, the record does not show any
requests to the Court by the Debtors to lift the stay. Moreover, Debtor's
counsel acknowledged at the hearing that LPP Mortgage bid in good faith. The
Court reviewed the procedures, found nothing improper, overruled the objections,
such as they were, and confirmed the sale.

It is only on appeal that the Watsons, for the first time, assert that the
"Court should have required a foreclosure and lifting of the automatic stay."
(11-cv-0012, Dkt. No. 31 at 34.)29 It is also only on appeal that the Watsons,
for the first time, claim "collusion" between the Chapter 7 Trustee and LPP
Mortgage, and that LPP Mortgage engaged in "bad faith by pushing the auction in
order to deprive Appellants of their redemption rights." Id. Because the Watsons
have raised these [*64]  arguments for the first time on appeal, there is no
record for the Court to review, and the Court thus finds that the arguments have
been waived. Int'l Fin. Corp. v. Kaiser Group Int'l (In re Kaiser Group Int'l,
Inc.), 399 F.3d 558, 565 (3d Cir. 2005) (holding that "when a party fails to
raise an issue in the bankruptcy court, the issue is waived and may not be
considered by the district court on appeal") (citing Buncher Co. v. Official
Comm. of Unsecured Creditors of GenFarm LP IV, 229 F.3d 245, 253 (3d Cir. 2000))
30; see also Hatchigian v. State Farm Ins. Co., 574 Fed. Appx. 103, 104 (3d Cir.
2014) (stating that argument not raised before court below and raised for first
time on appeal is waived) (citing B.S. v. Somerset Cnty., 704 F.3d 250, 267 n.28
(3d Cir. 2013)); In re Natale, 280 Fed. Appx. 227, 229 (3d Cir. 2008) ("A
finding of waiver is appropriate particularly where 'the evidence in the record
is insufficient to permit a court to realistically' decide the issue.") (quoting
Buncher Co., 229 F.3d at 253)). Accordingly, those arguments will not be
addressed further by the Court.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

29 The record shows that once the District Court entered judgment against the
Debtors in the underlying debt and foreclosure action and scheduled a Marshal's
Sale of the property -- which would have provided a redemption period once the
sale occurred -- the Watsons immediately filed for bankruptcy protection. They
thus opted to forego foreclosure by taking advantage of the automatic stay
provided in bankruptcy. The Watsons' current argument that the Bankruptcy Court
should have required that the property be sold via foreclosure [*65]
proceedings rather than via Trustee sale, notwithstanding that they chose the
bankruptcy forum to deal with their assets (including their property) and debts,
rings particularly hollow.

30 In re Kaiser did not find waiver appropriate in that case because the defense
of lack of subject matter jurisdiction is not waivable. In re Kaiser, 399 F.3d
at 565. That defense is not applicable here.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -


c. Time to Obtain Financing

The Watsons next challenge the Sale Order by claiming that the Bankruptcy Court
"abused its discretion by not giving appropriate deference to the efforts of
Congressional Delegate Christiansen to help arrange the financing." (11-cv-0012,
Dkt. No. 31 at 35.) They also claim that "[p]ayment to unsecured creditors could
have occurred if the Bankruptcy Court had allowed Appellants to put together an
offer." Id. They conclude that, considering the loss of the equity of
redemption, the Bankruptcy Court abused its discretion in approving and
confirming the sale because it "wiped out any possibility of either unsecured
creditors getting more money or Appellants being able to redeem. This could have
been mitigated at least in part by allowing more time to put together the
financing." Id.

LPP Mortgage responds that the Watsons [*66]  had "nearly nine years from the
commencement of the District Court foreclosure action within which to make
whatever arrangements they wished to meet their financial obligations to LPP";
that they gained "nearly two years merely by filing for bankruptcy protection";
and that they could not credibly argue that Judge Walrath abused her discretion
in making the determination to proceed to public sale of the estate assets by
the Trustee. (11-cv-0012, Dkt. No. 33 at 18.)

Although the Debtors never asked the Bankruptcy Court to postpone the sale so
that they could have more time to obtain financing, Ms. Chiang did so. Even
considering Ms. Chiang's request, the Court finds that no abuse of discretion
occurred in the Bankruptcy Judge's decision not to postpone the sale. "An abuse
of discretion exists where the [Bankruptcy C]ourt's decision rests on a clearly
erroneous finding of fact, an errant conclusion of law or an improper
application of law to fact." In re Marvel Entm't Group, Inc., 140 F.3d 463, 470
(3d Cir. 1998) (internal quotation marks omitted). None of these errors occurred
here.

As LPP Mortgage noted, the Debtors had ample time to liquidate their holdings or
otherwise secure financing prior to the auction being scheduled -- both during
the foreclosure [*67]  case, which began in 2002 (see supra, p. 2), and during
the bankruptcy cases which began in 2009. From the documents submitted to the
Bankruptcy Court, the purported loan that Ms. Chiang was seeking did not appear
close to being consummated.31 The Bankruptcy Court made it clear that the sale
date was firm, and that the Debtors and Ms. Chiang were free to make any
proposals they wished to make prior to or in the context of the auction. Ms.
Chiang's counsel indicated at the October 2010 hearing that there was no
objection to the December auction date. The Debtors have pointed to no erroneous
finding of fact, errant conclusion of law, or improper application of law to
fact which would support a finding that the Bankruptcy Court abused its
discretion in rejecting Ms. Chiang's request to delay the sale for another
ninety days, thereby further postponing resolution of a matter that had already
been in court for eight years.32

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

31 As noted earlier, on September 17, 2010, Ms. Chiang represented that she
expected the loan to close within sixty days. (09-bk-10002, Dkt. No. 68.) On
November 30, 2010, Ms. Chiang requested an additional ninety days.

32 The Watsons argue that the Bankruptcy Court should have deferred to [*68]
the involvement of the Congressional Delegate in the process and stayed the sale
because the judicial branch "needs to consider the needs of other branches of
government to do their work in this case the legislative branch overseeing the
work of the USDA in the executive branch of government." (11-cv-0012, Dkt. No.
31.) The Congressional Delegate's seemingly insignificant involvement in this
matter provides scant support for elevating this case to one involving legal
issues regarding the propriety of interactions between different branches of
government.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

Finally, with regard to the issue raised by the Watsons and Ms. Chiang that the
unsecured creditors were not paid as a result of the sale, and thus the Court
abused its discretion in scheduling and confirming the sale, the Court rejects
this argument as well. A secured creditor, such as LPP Mortgage, need only bid
"the full face value of their secured claims under § 363(k)." In re SubMicron
Sys. Corp., 432 F.3d at 459. It was not required to bid more. Therefore, the
fact that the unsecured creditors may have received nothing from the sale does
not indicate that the Bankruptcy Court abused its discretion in not allowing
more time for the Debtors to obtain an undetermined amount of financing [*69]
which may or may not have paid the unsecured creditors.

In sum, the Court finds that the Bankruptcy Court did not abuse its discretion
in scheduling and confirming the sale, and rejects this argument as meritless.

d. Credit Bidding; Disproportionate Sales Price

The Watsons' final challenge to the Order Confirming Sale is that the Bankruptcy
Court erroneously believed that it had no choice but to allow credit bidding and
that, even if it was proper to credit bid, the amount bid for the properties was
"grossly disproportionate to both the value of the assets as Scheduled and to
the claims of LPP Mortgage." (Dkt. No. 31 at 36-37, citing 12/9/10 Transcript at
13-14.)

Once again, the Watsons raised no objection before the Bankruptcy Court to the
proposed order and the Approval Order setting forth the sales procedures, which
included credit billing, although they had ample opportunity to do so. (Dkt. No.
66 at 5; Dkt. No. 78 at 5.)33 Because the Watsons have raised this argument for
the first time on appeal, the Court finds that it has been waived. In re Kaiser
Group Int'l, Inc., 399 F.3d at 565; Hatchigian, 574 Fed. Appx. at 104.

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

33 The Court notes that § 363(k) provides: "At a sale under subsection (b) of
this section of property that is subject to a lien that secures an allowed
claim, unless the [*70]  court for cause orders otherwise the holder of such
claim may bid at such sale, and, if the holder of such claim purchases such
property, such holder may offset such claim against the purchase price of such
property." 11 U.S.C. § 363(k) (emphasis added). The Debtors did not argue to the
Bankruptcy Court that some "cause" existed for disallowing credit bids in this
case. See In re Barbel, 2011 U.S. Dist. LEXIS 83143, *7, [WL], at *3 (D.V.I.
July 28, 2011) ("The existence of credit bids without more does not taint the
sale," and "[t]he fact that the credit bids were the only offers does not render
them inherently deficient.").
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

With regard to the argument that the sale prices were disproportionate to the
values and amounts owed, the Watsons also never raised this objection before the
Bankruptcy Court. Indeed, LPP's counsel noted: "No one has suggested that that
amount of money [paid by LPP Mortgage] is grossly inadequate for the assets
being sold. So I have no objection before me, and therefore, I'm, I don't think
I'm required to respond with respect to any ratios between bids and values." Id.
at 6.

On appeal, the Watsons acknowledged that this issue was not raised before the
Bankruptcy Court. See Dkt. No. 31 at 37 ("Although [the discrepancy between the
amounts listed in the Claims Register and [*71]  the sale price] was not
discussed at the hearing, there should have been a showing of why the amount
differed so dramatically from the Schedules and Claims. There may be some
explanation, but none was made at the hearing therefore it was also error in
this respect to confirm the sale."). If there had been such an objection, LPP's
counsel could have brought the requisite figures to the Court's attention, the
Bankruptcy Judge could have ruled on it, and this Court would have a record to
review. Because the Watsons have raised this disproportionate sales price
argument for the first time on appeal, the Court finds that it has been waived.
In re Kaiser Group Int'l, Inc., 399 F.3d at 565; Hatchigian, 574 Fed. Appx. at
104.34

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

34 Although disavowing acceptance of the valuations, LPP Mortgage noted in its
brief that the only "objective evidence in the record of the value of the real
property sold at auction" was the "latest available property tax bills" which
LPP filed in opposition to the Watsons' motion to stay confirmation of the sale.
(Dkt. No. 33 at 9, citing 09-bk-10002, Dkt. No. 102-4; id. at 10 n.19.) These
documents would, at a minimum, raise questions as to the validity of the
Watsons' disproportionate sale price argument, which cannot be addressed on
appeal in the absence of an [*72]  appropriate record below. Id.
- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -


2. The Restitution Order

Upon motion by LPP Mortgage, and after a hearing on May 12, 2011, the Bankruptcy
Court signed an Order of Restitution and Order for Issuance of Writs.
(09-bk-10002, Dkt. No. 116.) As noted above, following the confirmation of the
sale by the Bankruptcy Court and delivery of the deeds to the property, the
Watsons remained on the property without any right to do so, thus preventing LPP
Mortgage from taking peaceful possession. Id. The Court ordered the Debtors to
immediately vacate the property, and allowed LPP Mortgage to have "all writs
necessary to evict the Debtors and all persons claiming by or through or on
behalf of the Debtors from the Property[.]" Id. The Watsons argue that the
Bankruptcy Court lacked jurisdiction to issue the May 12, 2011 Restitution Order
because: (1) the property was no longer part of the bankruptcy estate following
the sale to LPP Mortgage; and (2) an eviction proceeding is not a core
proceeding. (11-cv-0058, Dkt. No. 9 at 38-39.)

a. Analysis

The Watsons attempt to re-frame the Bankruptcy Court's May 12, 2011 Order as if
it decided a separate cause of action for the recovery of real property under
local [*73]  Virgin Islands law. See id. at 39 (following the sale of the
Property, "[n]ow [the matter] is a dispute between private parties over the
right to possession of land."); id. at 40 ("The statutes of the Virgin Islands
create a cause of action at law rather than equity for the recovery of
possession of real property and provides provisions for money damages for such"
(citing Virgin Islands statutes)). However, the Bankruptcy Court's Restitution
Order sought to enforce its December 27, 2010 Order confirming the sale of the
Property to LPP Mortgage under 11 U.S.C. § 363. The Debtors had no free-standing
claim to possession of land under Virgin Islands law and no local eviction claim
spontaneously generated following the Trustee sale of the property. Indeed, the
Watsons have offered no legal authority for their suggestion that once the sale
occurred, the Bankruptcy Court was divested of jurisdiction over the Sale Order,
and that the only way LPP Mortgage could enforce its rightful possession of the
property based on that Order would be by filing a separate claim in the local
courts. Thus, their effort to evade the Bankruptcy Court's jurisdiction is
unfounded. Cf. Big Shanty Land Corp. v. Comer Props., Inc., 61 B.R. 272, 282-83
(N.D. Ga. 1985) (holding that bankruptcy court could enjoin transfer of bankrupt
[*74]  estate's property even though the property had already been transferred
out of debtor's estate, where that transfer violated earlier bankruptcy court
orders). "Having agreed to submit [themselves] to the Bankruptcy Court's
jurisdiction [to enter the underlying Order], [Appellants] cannot opt out of
proceedings to enforce the Order now." In re AGR Premier Consulting, Inc., 550
Fed. Appx.at 122. The Watsons' claim that an eviction proceeding is non-core
simply has no applicability under the circumstances here.

Further, in its October 8, 2010 Order authorizing the sale of the Debtors'
assets, the Bankruptcy Court explicitly retained jurisdiction "over any matter
or dispute arising from or relating to the implementation of this Order or
related to the Sale(s)." (09-bk-10002, Dkt. No. 78 at 6.) Thus, in addition to
case law, which clearly supports the existence of jurisdiction by the Bankruptcy
Court to enforce its prior Sale Order, see In re Allegheny Health, Educ. &
Research Found., 383 F.3d at 176; In re AGR Premier Consulting, 550 FedAppx.at
122; In re NE Opco, Inc., 513 B.R. 871, 875 (Bankr. D. Del. 2014)), the Court
expressly retained jurisdiction to do so.

In sum, the Bankruptcy Court had jurisdiction to enter its May 12, 2011
Restitution Order, and the Debtors' arguments to the contrary are rejected.

b. Related Arguments

The Watsons raise two additional arguments. They claim that the Bankruptcy Court
should [*75]  have "abstained from hearing this proceeding," pursuant to 28
U.S.C. § 1334(c), "out of comity to the Courts of the Virgin Islands who should
be allowed to adjudicate possession of land." (Dkt. No 9 at 40.) They also
assert that the Bankruptcy Court violated their "right to a jury trial on the
issue of possession of the land." Id. at 41.

With regard to their mandatory abstention argument, the Watsons never raised the
issue before the Bankruptcy Court. As a result, it is waived on appeal. In re
Kaiser Group Int'l, Inc., 399 F.3d at 565; Hatchigian, 574 Fed. Appx. at 104.

Second, the Watsons provided no factual basis or legal analysis for their
conclusion that § 1334(c) -- which contains five requirements that must be met
-- requires abstention in this case. See Crespo v. Abijah Tafari Immanuel (In re
Crespo), 557 B.R. 353, ___, 2016 Bankr. LEXIS 2073, *11, [WL], at *3 (Bankr.
E.D. Pa. May 18, 2016). The Watsons' summary conclusion, without any argument or
citation to authorities, does not suffice on appeal and provides another ground
upon which the Court finds the argument waived. See Eddy, 381 Fed. Appx. at 238;
Reynolds, 128 F.3d at 178; Simmons, 947 F.2d at 1065.

With regard to their argument that the Bankruptcy Court violated their right to
a jury trial on the issue of possession of land, the Watsons assert they
"demanded a trial by jury in the writ proceeding before the Bankruptcy Court and
it was denied." (Dkt. No. 9 at 41.) They then claim that the "right to a jury
trial contained in the Seventh Amendment" is applicable to the [*76]  Virgin
Islands, citing the Revised Organic Act, 48 U.S.C. § 1561, Warner v. Lawrence,
754 F. Supp. 449, 453 n.2 (D.V.I. 1991), and sections of the Virgin Islands Code
that, inter alia, incorporate the Seventh Amendment in the Virgin Islands and
provide for jury trials in actions to recover possession of land. Id. at 41-42.
They assert that the Virgin Islands statutes "create[ ] a cause of action at law
rather than equity for the recovery of possession of real property," and that
under Granfinanciera, S.A. v. Nordberg, 492 U.S. 33, 109 S. Ct. 2782, 106 L. Ed.
2d 26 (1989) and Stern, "it would seem that this right to a jury trial exists
even if the proceeding is in the Bankruptcy Court." Id. at 42.

The Court is unpersuaded by the Watsons' argument. First, this is a proceeding
in Bankruptcy Court involving a Trustee's sale of property of the bankruptcy
estate under 11 U.S.C. § 363; it is not a cause of action for the recovery of
real property under local Virgin Islands law. Therefore, neither the provisions
of the Virgin Islands Code nor the Revised Organic Act assist them, nor does
Warner, which involved a personal injury (private rights) action in the District
Court of the Virgin Islands.

The Supreme Court held in Granfinanciera that parties who had not submitted a
claim against the bankruptcy estate had a right to a jury trial when they were
sued by the bankruptcy trustee to recover an allegedly [*77]  fraudulent
monetary transfer. 492 U.S. at 58. The Court likened the trustee's right to
recover a fraudulent conveyance to a private rather than a public right -- akin
to a state law common law claim -- where the parties had a constitutional right
to trial by jury. Id. at 51-52. Adjudication of public rights claims, however,
does not require jury trials. Id. at 51. Granfinanciera is completely inapposite
to the instant matter, which does not involve parties foreign to the bankruptcy
proceeding and which the Court has found involves public rather than private
rights.

Stern, too, does not assist the Watsons. The question of jury trials in
bankruptcy cases arose only in the dissent, which is not the holding of the
Court. Moreover, it was discussed in the context of consent by the parties,
which did not exist here. Stern, 564 U.S. at 517.

Accordingly, the Court rejects the Watsons' argument that the Bankruptcy Court
violated their "right to a jury trial on the issue of possession of the land" as
meritless.

IV. CONCLUSION

Based on the foregoing, the Court finds that the Bankruptcy Court had
jurisdiction to enter the Sale and Restitution Orders, that there is no
constitutional or jurisdictional infirmity in the Bankruptcy Court having done
so, or in the [*78]  District Court reviewing the case on appeal. The Court also
finds that all of the arguments put forth challenging the Sale and Restitution
Orders are either waived or without merit.

Accordingly, the Orders of the Bankruptcy Court will be affirmed.

An appropriate Order accompanies this Memorandum Opinion.


                                     ORDER


UPON CONSIDERATION of the Brief filed by Appellants in Civil Action No.
3:11-cv-0012 (Dkt. No. 31), challenging the Bankruptcy Court of the Virgin
Islands' (1) October 8, 2010 "Order: (I) Authorizing Procedures for Sales of the
Debtors' Assets, and (II) Approving Form of Notice of Sales of Assets Pursuant
to 11 U.S.C. 105 and 363, Fed. Bankr. P. 6004 and LBR 6004-1" and (2) January 6,
2011 "Order of Confirmation of Trustee's Sale," and Appellee's Brief in response
(3:11-cv-0012, Dkt. No. 33); the Brief filed by Appellants in Civil Action No.
3:11-cv-0058 (Dkt. No. 9), challenging the Bankruptcy Court of the Virgin
Islands' May 12, 2011 "Order of Restitution and Order for Issuance of Writs,"
and Appellee's Brief in response (3:11-cv-0058, Dkt. No. 10); and the Brief by
the United States of America as Intervenor (3:11-cv-0058, Dkt. No. 17-1); and
for the reasons stated in the accompanying Memorandum Opinion, filed
contemporaneously [*79]  herewith, it is hereby

ORDERED that the Bankruptcy Court's October 8, 2010 "Order: (I) Authorizing
Procedures for Sales of the Debtors' Assets; and (II) Approving Form of Notice
of Sales of Assets Pursuant to 11 U.S.C. 105 and 363, Fed. Bankr. P. 6004 and
LBR 6004-1" is AFFIRMED; and it is further

ORDERED that the Bankruptcy Court's January 6, 2011 "Order of Confirmation of
Trustee's Sale" is AFFIRMED; and it is further

ORDERED that the Bankruptcy Court's May 12, 2011 "Order of Restitution and Order
for Issuance of Writs" is AFFIRMED; and it is further

ORDERED that the Clerk of Court shall mark these cases (3:11-cv-0012 and
3:11-cv-0058) CLOSED.

SO ORDERED.


                               28 of 75 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                             August 2, 2005 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

RUSS IS RIGHT, HERB IS WRONG

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 592 words


The energy bill that passed the U.S. Senate last Friday had its roots in the
corrupt dealings of Vice President Dick Cheney and ousted Enron CEO Ken Lay, who
used a secret "Energy Task Force" initiative in 2001 to craft policies that
would reward energy corporations and big polluters while weakening environmental
protections and undermining conservation measures.

Budget analysts say the bill, which has passed its last legislative hurdle and
is now certain to become law, does little or nothing to lower prices for
consumers or to address long-term energy issues facing the country.

So what does the bill do? By the most conservative analysis, it gives $14.5
billion in tax breaks and related incentives to the nation's biggest and most
profitable energy companies.

If that money was being paid out in order to fund projects designed to reduce
reliance on foreign oil -- the real cause of so many of this country's recent
wars -- the outlay might be justifiable. But no serious analyst suggests that
this bill will do anything to cut use of foreign oil.

It was that fundamental reality that vexed U.S. Sen. Russ Feingold, D-Wis.
Feingold chose to oppose the measure for a number of reasons, he told the
Senate, but in particular he said, "I cannot return to my home state of
Wisconsin this weekend and say that I participated in a rushed effort to accept
a 1,700-plus-page conference report that won't do a thing to increase our oil
independence."

In detailing all the reasons for his opposition, Feingold focused on two issues
that are of particular concern to Wisconsin:

The measure "repeals the pro-consumer Public Utility Holding Company Act --
important New Deal-era legislation which protects electricity consumers. My
state of Wisconsin is acutely interested in and concerned about the repeal of
PUHCA and about ongoing abuses involving the unregulated corporate affiliates of
regulated utilities. In addition to hearing from Wisconsinites, I have heard
from contractors and other small businesses across the nation that have been
harmed by unfair competition by affiliates of public utilities. I must say that
I don't understand how we can give the nuclear industry loan guarantees and over
$2 billion in risk insurance but we can't even give small businesses the
assurance that unregulated affiliates of public utilities won't unfairly
out-compete them."

The measure "weakens the Clean Water Act by exempting certain oil and gas
industry activities from compliance with both Phase I and Phase II Stormwater
Programs -- and in the process, rolls back 15 years of protection. This is not
an insignificant issue: Storm water runoff is a leading cause of impairment to
our streams, rivers and lakes. The bill also exempts hydraulic fracturing from
the Safe Drinking Water Act and by doing so, risks contaminating drinking water
supplies. Over 95 percent of Wisconsin's communities and about 75 percent of
Wisconsin residents rely on ground water for their supply of drinking water. ...
Wisconsin citizens, and all U.S. citizens, deserve more than provisions that
could threaten the water they drink."

Feingold's case was compelling, and it is troubling that only 26 senators joined
him in opposing the legislation -- 19 Democrats, six Republicans (including
Arizona's John McCain) and Vermont independent Jim Jeffords.

What is most troubling, however, is the fact that U.S. Sen. Herb Kohl, D-Wis.,
voted for the bill.

Something is wrong when Feingold's well-reasoned arguments and votes on issues
as significant as energy policy are canceled out by Kohl.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos of Russ Feingold, Herb Kohl

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Madison Newspapers, Inc.


                               29 of 75 DOCUMENTS

                     Copyright (c) 2013 Vermont Law School
                               Vermont Law Review

                                  Summer, 2013

                               Vermont Law Review

                               37 Vt. L. Rev. 835

LENGTH: 4856 words

Conference on Agriculture and Food Systems: September 28, 2012: Keynote Address

NAME: Deputy Secretary Kathleen Merrigan*+

BIO: * United States Deputy Secretary of Agriculture. Ph.D., Massachusetts
Institute of Technology; M.P.A., University of Texas; B.A., Williams College.

+ Please note that questions and answers were transcribed from recordings of the
Conference and added by the Vermont Law Review. This manuscript has been edited
for readability.

TEXT:
 [*835]

   Thank you, Marc, for that introduction, and congratulations on your new role
as President and Dean of Vermont Law School. I'm honored to participate in the
launch of the Center for Agriculture and Food Systems, even from afar.


   What a tremendous group you have here with you today. We have farmers and
food producers, leading federal and state officials, and scholars from around
the country.


   This is the kind of diversity in expertise and perspective that you'll need
as you dig into the questions that are shaping our food system.


   I'd particularly like to recognize the students in the audience. Back when I
started my career, I would tell people that I was in "ag policy" and get nothing
but blank stares. Today, people everywhere are talking about it. My mantra is,
"Ag is Back!" You have picked one of the most exciting fields out there today,
and we need you. No matter what your specialty, there is a place for you working
on food and agriculture.


   You are launching this Center at an auspicious moment-a moment when we are
seeing a groundswell of interest about where food comes from and how it is
produced, about the impacts and opportunities of new technologies, and about how
challenges like climate change or obesity may shape our future. And I may be
biased, but I think that there's also a growing recognition that public policy
matters in all of these arenas.Yet as the level of engagement and interest
grows, we're coming up against limitations in our legal and political
institutions.


   In food and agriculture, we have a long tradition of seeing things play out
in the marketplace. Farmers are savvy businesspeople; they know how to innovate
to meet new demands. But it is institutions like this one, right here in
Vermont, that will help to develop the legal and political frameworks we need to
support this innovation and address future challenges. So as I said, you launch
this Center at a critical moment, and you have a mighty charge.


   This is also a unique moment to be Deputy Secretary at the United States
Department of Agriculture (USDA). As you know, much of the  [*836]  nation
experienced a terrible drought this summer. n1 Last summer, Vermont farms were
devastated by Tropical Storm Irene. I traveled to Vermont last October to see
recovery efforts, and I've traveled this summer to see drought recovery as well.
In both cases, it was both saddening and inspiring.


   I recognize that these kinds of events will continue to challenge all of us
who work in the fields of food and agriculture and challenge our institutions to
innovate and improvise. During my time at USDA, there's been unprecedented
attention to the challenge of obesity in America. The Secretary and I have put
an emphasis on improving access to healthy foods and helping families make
healthier food choices. n2


   We unveiled MyPlate, our new food icon illustrating the 2010 Dietary
Guidelines for Americans. n3 It recommends that we all fill half our plates with
fruits and vegetables. n4 Yet right now, if everyone did that, we wouldn't be
able to meet demand with produce grown here in the U.S. My question is, how do
we continue to encourage healthy eating, turn the tide on obesity, and help
American agriculture tap into the opportunity to supply those products? We've
got big challenges ahead of us. But you are engaging and asking the right
questions, and I thank you for that.


   Another major area of interest for me, and I know for you as well, is the
development of local and regional food systems. The market is speaking clearly:
local foods is a multi-billion-dollar industry and was the top trend in
restaurants last year. n5 In a recent poll, 85% of consumers said that they
choose a grocery store based in part on whether it sells local products. n6 We
know that demand is high. And these opportunities are helping create jobs and
drive economic growth up and down the supply chain. n7 But we also know that to
continue this progress, we need to innovate on the law and policy side.


   The ideas you're discussing today and the tools that will emerge from the new
Center will have big impacts on the ground-things like land use decisions, such
as whether you can grow food in an urban area, or where  [*837]  you can site a
local meat processor; the kind of label you can put on your products, and
whether that label is meaningful; how to help all farms meet important food
safety requirements and preserve the diversity that makes American agriculture
great; how to develop a regional food system when it crosses multiple political
jurisdictions; and of course, how the decisions we make on the law and policy
front affect the economic viability of everyone participating in the system.


   At USDA, we've been digging into many of these questions through the Know
Your Farmer, Know Your Food initiative. n8 We've brought together
representatives from across the USDA's many agencies to coordinate our work. n9
Through this coordination, we've found ways to make our programs work better,
and we have launched new efforts.


   We have expanded the number of farmers markets that accept electronic
benefits like SNAP and increased SNAP redemption at farmers markets by 400%
since 2008. n10 To help address seasonality challenges for local food producers,
we've helped farmers construct over 7,400 high tunnels nationwide in the last
three years. We've clarified the rules governing mobile meat processors and made
sure mobile units are eligible for USDA infrastructure funding. n11 We're
implementing a new farm-to-school grant program. n12 And we launched the Know
Your Farmer Compass, an electronic guide and map of USDA resources for local and
regional food systems. n13 A lot can happen when you bring people together to
talk across agency silos.


   We've also learned a lot in the process. One thing we've learned is that
smart entrepreneurs are figuring out how to distribute and market local food,
but that doesn't mean much if they don't have enough local food to sell. That
means we need to recruit and retain more new farmers and ranchers.

     [*838]

   There are many challenges that beginning producers face: access to land at a
price they can afford, access to credit and capital, being able to take full
advantage of our farm programs. Good policy and implementation can help address
these challenges. At USDA, we have created a small and beginning farmer and
rancher working group and have worked within our authorities to target this
population. n14 Over the last two years, 40% of our farm loans have gone to
beginning producers. n15 We have a new micro-loan program in rulemaking that
will provide loans of $ 35,000 or less-very useful for small and beginning
producers. n16 With USDA support, groups around the country trained over 40,000
new farmers and ranchers in 2010 and 2011. n17 But there's more to do, and
there's a lot that must happen at the state or local level to make it stick.


   There are many other complex questions that your Center might respond to.
How- and whether-we put a value on the services that healthy ecosystems provide,
interactions between law and technology, and intellectual and material property
rights as they relate to food and ag.


   These are new frontiers of thought. They are questions that are being asked
all over the place. How we engage and move forward together will shape our food
system, our environment, and our economy. I believe that with your help, with
the Center's leadership, and the great minds at Vermont Law School and beyond,
we can foster a new era of civic engagement around food and agriculture. We can
start building the law, policy, and institutional frameworks to meet these
challenges. I know we can do it because I've seen it happen.


   When I was a young staffer for the Senate Agriculture Committee in the late
1980s, the word "organic" was pretty much taboo in agricultural policy circles.
Organic farming had zero recognition and no small amount of negativity within
the federal government and the universities. But we have come a long, long way,
beginning with the passage-against some mighty headwinds and defying all
expectations-of the Organic Foods Production Act as part of the 1990 Farm Bill.
n18 My boss at the time was  [*839]  your esteemed Senator, Pat Leahy. Vermont
was a leader then, and it is a leader now.


   It took twelve years just to begin implementing the organic standards after
the law passed. There was an unprecedented amount of dialogue and engagement
between ordinary citizens and USDA during implementation. I think that is an
indication of how ground-breaking the law was. It has not been easy, but we can
look back and realize that it is a profound accomplishment for everyone who has
been a part of it.


   Now we are coming up on the tenth anniversary of the National Organic
Standards. n19 The standards and the certification system, for all that they
are-still imperfect or incomplete-have served the organic sector and the public
very well. They have helped establish organic agriculture not only in the
marketplace (to the tune of about $ 32 billion in U.S. sales this year), but
they have helped to embed the ideas and principles of organic agriculture in
culture, in science, and in law. n20


   The development of the organic standards was a process of figuring out how to
embody a holistic principle in public policy. In that sense, it's not unlike the
challenges we now face in the realm of local and regional food systems.


   You have some very exciting and very important work ahead of you.
Congratulations on the launch of the new Center and thank you for all that you
do. I look forward to our continued partnership as we work together to explore
these new frontiers.


   Question & Answer


   Question:


   Could you update us on the Administration's effort to get a farm bill passed
in the lame-duck session?


   Answer:


   Oh my. I've actually said to members of Congress and the press that I find it
difficult to believe that Congress can't get a farm bill done. I mean you all
are students, a lot of you, and we always like to do our work in a very
organized, methodical way, and then there are those moments where you have to
pull an all- nighter. Congress needs to pull a few all-nighters now, because I
am the Chief Operating Officer of the Department, and I  [*840]  have no farm
bill-which covers about 70% of what we do. We know we are going to be cut back
seriously, but we don't know what will be cut because Congress has just kicked
the can down the road. We've got the fiscal cliff, and if we don't come up with
a deal we'll go into budget sequestration. If you don't know what that is, we
are basically going to sustain close to a 9% cut across all of the
government-every program. n21 I have some programs that are better able to
sustain cuts than others, but if we go into sequestration, it gives us no
discretion at all.


   On top of that, I know there is a little election in November, and I don't
know what the outcome will be. So, we are managing a huge amount of uncertainty
right now, and there are about thirty farm bill programs that expire over the
course of the weekend. n22 Some of the biggest impacts are dairy farms up in our
part of the world where the MILC program ends on September 30th, 2013. The
support for dairy farms has been gradually going down, and it will go down to
zero on September 30th. n23 The Secretary and I have been very vocal that it is
time for Congress to pass a farm bill. The Senate certainly did. n24 And I think
that there is an appetite to have a farm bill by members of the House
Agriculture Committee; they certainly got together a committee bill. But it has
been impossible to get a bill to the floor in the House. We are hoping that they
do so because it is important for so many of our programs, and it will be very
hard to continue to operate in a logical way without statutory authority.


   Question:


   How is the USDA supporting the efforts of small-scaled diversified farms?


   Answer:


   In a lot of different ways. I think that one thing to look at is the Know
Your Farmer Compass, the KYF Compass, n25 which really shows the support that
has gone to local and regional agriculture. So it could be how  [*841]  my rural
business-services agency uses value-added producer grants to help someone turn a
pumpkin-patch business into a year-round canned pumpkin-puree business; it could
be about the business industry loan guarantee program that helped construct the
Brattleboro Food Co-op at the base of Main Street in Brattleboro, Vermont. n26
It could be about how the food nutrition service is funding Electronic Benefit
Transfers and EBT capacity at farmers' markets so that staff recipients can
redeem those benefits there. n27 It could be the farmers' market promotion
program administered by the agricultural marketing service. I have dozens of
programs, and when you go to the geospatial mapping tool you can put in your zip
code and say, "I want to see everything within a fifty mile radius or a 400 mile
radius or anything in between." You can sort by various themes. For example, you
could say, "I want to see everything on the map that has to do with organic," or
you could sort it by recipient type. You could also show everything on the map
where the money is going to producers or everything that is actually going to
non-profits. It even shows what programs fund a particular effort. So there is a
lot of very important information there. When we look at the Census of
Agriculture, what we see is that people who are doing direct marketing, the
really small-scale guys, they are doing really well and they are increasing in
number. There are a lot of interesting statistics around women farmers as
physical operators-big increase. n28 Lorraine Merrill, who is the Commissioner
of Agriculture in New Hampshire, and I just met a couple weeks ago about the
number of women farmers because New Hampshire and Arizona are neck and neck for
having the highest number of women physical operators. n29


   You also get from that census data that the larger scale farms, which we
classify as those with sales of over $ 500,000, they are doing really well. n30
But it is that disappearing middle, from Iowa for instance-that traditional
family farm-that is having a hard time making ends meet. They probably are not
going to satisfy their needs through direct marketing, so some of the stuff we
are doing for local and regional farmers is talking about  [*842]  intermediated
sales, institutional buys, and how to invest in food hubs, for example. Or
centralized warehouse facilities that might specialize in flash freezing,
storage, or to supply farm-to-school efforts.


   So, there is a lot of stuff that we are doing. I think the Compass will be
very instructional for people who are looking to write papers, looking for
studies, looking for help on their own work that they are doing in the field.


   Question:


   Is the USDA considering any substantial changes to labeling laws, such as
country-of-origin or labeling of meats, stricter organic standards as well as
antibiotic labels?


   Answer:


   That is a good question. We do a lot of different things with meat and
poultry, although labeling issues are at the Food and Drug Administration. There
is a huge petition that has been underway over the past year concerning labeling
of food. But we have had some applicants who wanted genetically-engineered-free
meat labels. We haven't issued any of those labels. We certainly have
country-of-origin labeling issues that are still percolating and issues that
have been around for a long time. n31 When I was working at the tail end of the
Clinton Administration, we were just in the process of beginning that
country-of-origin labeling effort. When I was looking to come back in the Obama
Administration, I looked at the website and found so many issues that I worked
on ten years ago that were still festering. So we do have some labeling issues.
I don't think we necessarily have crystal clear, consistent rational policy on
our labeling front. It is a work in progress for this Administration and for the
government in general. I think it is a really interesting issue for the people
of the Senate to dive into.


   Question:


   We have had a lot of discussion today about the tensions between water
quality and farm viability and how they play out, particularly in connection
with Lake Champlain. Would it be possible for the USDA to partner with the EPA
or any other agency to limit or change farm subsidies for those operations
deemed to be of excessively poor quality or causing water quality violations?

     [*843]

   Answer:


   I think that when Congress does finally cross the finish line and produce a
farm bill, direct payments are going by the wayside. I think the budget
imperatives are such that even people who are on the fence about direct
subsidies for farms are probably going to pull the plug on them. Indeed, the
President in his budget that he sent to Congress at the beginning of the
calendar year eliminated farm payments. n32


   There may not be that direct tie, but the Environmental Protection Agency has
a pretty big hammer through the Clean Water Act. This is one of the things we
have been working on over the last two and half years. It really started with a
conversation with the deputy at the EPA and myself in California after a long
day of farm visits; we were trying to figure out how our programs fit together.
I have the Natural Resources Conservation Service (NRCS), which is a lot of
scientists, engineers, and technicians. They are out doing technical assistance
with farmers, and they have a lot of programs that cost-share great
environmental efforts on farms. n33


   Wouldn't it be great if when localities are implementing the Clean Water Act
and trying to get to total daily maximum load requirements, that if a farmer was
doing the most up-to-date innovative conservation practices on their farm, doing
the best that we know how to do, working with the NRCS, wouldn't it be great if
they had some certainty that they wouldn't be regulated out of business by the
EPA. So we have been trying to knit our efforts together. We have talked to
officials in Vermont. We have certainly been very engaged around the Chesapeake
Bay. There is some interest among officials in Iowa. It requires state leaders
and federal leaders coming together. And, again, the idea that the best stewards
of our land, farmers and ranchers, are going to be better than urban development
in terms of water quality. When you go to rural Pennsylvania and look at what
well-managed farms contribute to the Chesapeake Bay in terms of pollutants or
water quality problems compared to urban storm-drain runoff, there is no
comparison. You want to keep farmers in farming. So how do we protect our farms
with conservation efforts and work in conjunction with the EPA to have those
efforts recognized? That's the game that we are playing right now.

     [*844]

   Question:


   Thank you, sort of a follow-on question that you partially addressed, but to
put a point on it, how do we address water quality going through the federal
government within the current budget parameters?


   Answer:


   Well I do think that certainly this process is pretty important, and it
doesn't require new monies. It's about coordination and knitting up our various
authorities. It is not a time for new monies. We are trying to look at
ecosystems service markets, for example. You have looked at the whole evolution
of acid rain and that trading situation at the law school through the Clean Air
Act. Another example is wetland mitigation banking. When you look at these
mechanisms, the question is, how do we use these to ensure that we have the kind
of water quality that we need?


   All of that said, we certainly don't have all the science that we need when
we look at growing world population, food demands, and climate change. We have
to continue to invest money in a research enterprise. That is sometimes a hard
sell when you're cutting budgets, but there is not a time when we have had more
big challenges facing us. Water is a huge part of it, and agriculture consumes
70-80% of the fresh water here in this country, so we have to be practical. n34


   Question:


   The UN Committee on Climate Change has identified agriculture as a major
source of greenhouse gases, and inside of that, meat production itself is one of
the large ones. Has the USDA begun to think about a policy on meat and whether
it is possible to encourage consumers and developed countries to consume less
meat, either by changing farm policy or subsidies?


   Answer:


   We have the 2010 dietary guidelines, which would suggest half a plate of
fruit and vegetables. We are not expanding the plate, so that means that you are
also reducing some other components of the plate. n35 We are getting a lot of
interesting push back right now. I don't know if you guys have followed this. On
the new school meal requirements where we are having  [*845]  more fruits and
vegetables, smaller amounts of protein, whole grains, low-fat milk, and
significantly lower sodium, it's been fodder for late night television. A video
some kids put together about all these kids being hungry in school has gone
viral on the internet. It is frustrating because we know that is where diets
need to be. We know we have an obesity problem, and we know that the diets we
are putting forward for kids in school are adequate and good and healthy. But it
is really hard to get people to change and to think about the plate differently.
But I think the 2010 guidelines really captured a lot of that, and those
guidelines are put together by top-notch scientists, and they are done with the
USDA working hand in hand with Health and Human Services. The My Plate icon has
been exceedingly popular and it sort of pushed the food guide pyramid in the
background. A lot of people found the pyramid too complex and confusing. So the
half-a-plate message is very simple, people are grasping it, and we are trying,
particularly through the school meal programs, to really implement that in a way
that becomes reality.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
GovernmentsAgriculture & FoodProcessing, Storage &
DistributionGovernmentsAgriculture & FoodProduct QualityInternational Trade
LawImports & ExportsMarkingCountry of Origin

FOOTNOTES:




n1  United States Dep't of Agric. Economic Research Service, U.S. Drought 2012:
Farm and Food Impacts, United States Dep't of Agric., (Feb. 21, 2013),
http://www.ers.usda.gov/topics/in-the-news/us-drought-2012-farm-and-food-
impacts.aspx.




n2  United States Dep't of Agric., Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food Compass 56,
available at http://www.usda.gov/documents/KYFCompass.pdf [hereinafter KYF
Compass].




n3  United States Dep't of Agric., Choose my Plate, Choosemyplate.com,
http://www.choosemyplate.gov/images/MyPlateImages/JPG/myplate green.jpg (last
visited Feb. 20, 2013).




n4  Id.




n5  KYF Compass, supra note 2, at 10, 77.




n6  Id. at 5.




n7  Id. at 78.




n8  See generally KYF Compass, supra note 2.




n9  Id. at 79.




n10  United States Dep't of Agric. Food and Nutrition Serv., USDA Grants to
Increase Farmers Market Participation in SNAP, United States Dep't of Agric.,
(May 9, 2012),
http://www.fns.usda.gov/press-releases/usda-grants-increase-farmers-market-
participation-snap. Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) "offers
nutrition assistance to millions of eligible, low income individuals and
families and provides economic benefits to communities." United States Dep't of
Agric. Food and Nutrition Service, Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program
(SNAP), United States Dep't of Agric., http://www.fns.usda.gov/snap (last
visited March 4, 2013).




n11  Id. at 43.




n12  Id. at 46.




n13  United States Dep't of Agric., Know you Farmer Know your Compass, K n o w y
o u r F a r m e r C o m p a s s ,
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdahome?navid=KYF COMPASS (last visited
Feb. 20, 2013).




n14  KYF Compass, supra note 2, at 64.




n15  Mary Ahearn & Doris Newton, Beginning Farmers and Ranchers, Economic
Information Bull. 53 (United States Dep't of Agric. Economic Research Serv.),
May 2009, at 14.




n16  United States Dep't of Agric. Farm Serv. Agency, USDA Finalizes New
Microloan Program, United States Dep't of Agric., (Jan. 15, 2013), h t t p : / /
w w w . f s a . u s d a . g o v / F S A / printapp?fileName=nr 20130115 rel
0010.html&newsType=newsreel.




n17  Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack, Secretary's Column: A Thank You to
America's Veterans, United States Dep't of Agric. Blog (Nov. 9, 2012, 2:14 PM),
http://blogs.usda.gov/2012/ 11/09/secretarys-column-a-thank-you-to-america's-
veterans/.




n18  See generally Organic Foods Production Act of 1990, 7 U.S.C. §§ 6501-6522
(2008).




n19  United States Dep't of Agric. Agricultural Marketing Service, Celebrating
10 Years of USDA Organic, The Organic Integrity Quarterly, in National Organic
Program Newsletter, at 1 (Oct. 2012).




n20  Id.




n21  Wendy Simmons, Taking Stock of the Sequester: Have no Fear- Defense Won't
Take the Headline Hit, Investor Politics (Feb. 21, 2013, 1:32 pm),
http://investorplace.com/investorpolitics/ taking-stock-of-the-sequester/.




n22  Ryan Holeywell, The Farm Bill Expires This Week. Does it Matter?, Governing
(Sept. 26, 2012), http://www.governing.com/blogs/fedwatch/gov-the-farm-
bill-expires-next-week-does-it-matter.html.




n23  United States Dep't of Agric., FACT SHEET: Milk Income Loss Contract (MILC)
Program 1 (Jan. 2013).




n24  Ron Nixon, Senate Passes Farm Bill with Bipartisan Support, N.Y. Times,
June 21, 2012, http://www.nytimes.com/2012/06/22/us/politics/senate-passes-
farm-bill-but-tougher-road-seen-in-house.html? r=0.




n25  See generally KYF Compass, supra note 2.




n26  SDA Highlights 2012 Investments to Build Stronger Rural Communities, United
States Dep't of Agric., (Jan. 9, 2013),
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usdamediafb?contentid=2013/
01/0003.xml&printable=true&contentidonly=true.




n27  KYF Compass, supra note 2, at 58.




n28  United States Dep't of Agric. National Agricultural Statistics Service,
2007 Census of Agriculture: Women Farmers (2007), available at h t t p : / / w w
w . a g c e n s u s . u s d a . g o v / Publications/2007/Online Highlights/Fact
Sheets/Demographics/women.pdf




n29  Id.




n30  See United States Dep't of Agric. National Agricultural Statistics Service,
2007 Census of Agriculture: Farm Numbers (2007), available at h t t p : / / w w
w . a g c e n s u s . u s d a . g o v / Publications/2007/Online Highlights/Fact
Sheets/Farm Numbers/farm numbers.pdf (discussing that although large family
farms made up only 9% of all farms, they produced more than 63% of the value of
all agricultural products sold).




n31  See generally Remy Jurenas & Joel L. Greene, Congressional Research
Service, Country-of-Origin Labeling for Foods and the WTO Trade Dispute on Meat
Labeling (2012) (outlining issues and pros and cons of Country-Of-Origin
Labeling).




n32  P.J. Huffstutter, Obama's Budget Would Deeply Cut Farm Subsidies, L o s A n
g e l e s T i m e s ( F e b . 1 4 , 2 0 1 1 ) ,
http://articles.latimes.com/2011/feb/14/business/
la-fi-farm-subsidy-cut-20110214.




n33  See generally, United States Dep't of Agric. Natural Res. Conservation
Serv., NRCS Programs, United States Dep't of Agric.,
http://www.nrcs.usda.gov/wps/portal/nrcs/main/national/ programs (last visited
Feb. 24, 2013) (listing NRCS programs).




n34  See Mark W. Rosegrant et al., Int'l Food Policy Research Inst., World Water
and Food to 2025: Dealing with Scarcity 1 (2002) (discussing that irrigated
agriculture is the dominant use of water, accounting for approximately 80% of
global water consumption).




n35  United States Dep't of Agric. & United States Dep't of Health & Human
Serv., Dietary Guidelines for Americans 2010 35-36 (2010), available at
http://www.health.gov/dietaryguidelines/ dga2010/DietaryGuidelines2010.pdf.


                               30 of 75 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                             March 6, 2007 Tuesday

Moving Forward

BYLINE: Chico Enterprise-Record

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 308 words


Financial

Chico-based Butte Community Bank plans to open a branch in Anderson by the
summer.

The 3,200-square-foot facility will offer all Butte's banking services, a
drive-through, and ATM.

Butte has 13 branches in 10 cities.

Additionally, the bank was named the nation's top lender by USDA Rural
Development program for its business and industry loan guarantee service. The
bank committed more than $46.1 million in guaranteed loans over 2006.

The USDA program works with private-sector lenders like Butte to guarantee loans
for working capital, machinery, equipment, debt refinancing, buildings and real
estate.

Home improvement

Home Depot stores in Chico and Oroville will include a variety of free, how-to
clinics during March.

At 7 p.m. Thursdays, "Creative Ways to Add Color to Your Home." At 10 a.m.
Saturdays, "Tiling Floors and Walls." At 1 p.m. Sundays, "Installing DuPont
Laminate Flooring."

The workshops are designed for all skill levels, and provide an opportunity for
questions.

Anniversaries

North Valley Shuttle is celebrating its 30th year in business this month,
providing transportation between Chico and the Sacramento International Airport.

The company runs 15-passenger vans to the Sacramento airport seven days a week,
with five runs daily, starting from downtown Chico. It also serves Paradise,
Oroville, Gridley and Yuba City.

Owners Marty Griffin and Helen Upton note that for those who need to get to the
Sacramento airport, this is a cheaper, more convenient way to travel.

Other information is available on the company's Web site:
www.northvalleyshuttle.com

Moving Forward covers information, announcements and changes in businesses in
Butte, Glenn and Tehama counties. Send information and photos to: Business
Editor, Chico Enterprise-Record, P.O. Box 9, Chico 95927 or fax to 342-3617.
Please include a contact name and phone number.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                               31 of 75 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                            November 21, 2008 Friday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Limit Damage With Loan Guarantees

SECTION: ISSUES & INSIGHTS; EDITORIALS; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 620 words


Industrial Policy: If domestic automakers are to eventually walk away with
billions in aid, let's at least limit the damage with loan guarantees -- while
still forcing them to make the changes they should have made years ago.

We've said before that bankruptcy would be the best solution to the Big Three's
woes. It would give them protection from creditors, let them escape the
disastrous labor agreements that strangle the industry, and force new management
on the scene. And since private capital would be doing the dirty work, it
wouldn't cost the taxpayers anything.

We agree with former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney: What General Motors, Ford
and Chrysler really need, he said Thursday, is a "managed bankruptcy." "There's
no question but that if you just write a check," he said, "you're going to see
these companies go out of business ultimately."

That said, it looks like Congress will come up with some money for the three
companies. Warnings from the industry that nearly 3 million jobs could vanish
overnight are too scary to ignore during a downturn. But how it's done is
important. We think the best idea is the simplest: loan guarantees. They're not
risk-free, but they've had modest success. Here are some examples:

** Lockheed Corp. In 1971, Lockheed, in the midst of a post-Vietnam aerospace
slump, was granted $250 million in loan guarantees to keep it from going belly
up. Lockheed still exists, though it's no longer the big player it once was.

** Chrysler Corp. In 1979, the Carter administration lent Chrysler Corp. $1.2
billion. True, Chrysler was never the same after that, but there's no doubt the
money did what was intended -- it staved off bankruptcy. Chrysler CEO Lee
Iacocca repaid the $1.2 billion, with interest, just four years later.

** Long-Term Capital Management. When the hedge fund giant got hit during the
1998 Asia crisis and Russian ruble meltdown, some feared it would set off a
global financial collapse. The Fed and Treasury stepped in, getting private
investors to provide $3.6 billion in new capital -- with an implicit government
guarantee.

** U.S. airline industry. After 9/11, Americans stopped flying, and U.S. air
carriers posted massive losses. Congress OK'd a $5 billion cash infusion into
the airlines and added $10 billion in loan guarantees. It may have kept the
industry from going under.

So loan guarantees, while not an optimal solution, might just work -- especially
if linked to a plan that gets rid of current management, voids onerous labor
union agreements and doesn't reward those who made bad decisions.

Democrats say they want the Big Three to come up with a "plan" for using bailout
funds. Problem is, a heavily politicized Congress isn't equipped to run a
company.

And Democrats want the money to come from the bottomless well of $700 billion
Wall Street rescue fund - in essence, a blank check approach that will have
every U.S. industry lining up at the trough.

Republicans worry this will only reward failure. They'd rather take the money
from an existing fuel-efficiency program and use the funds narrowly for auto-
industry loan guarantees.

Either way, dithering won't do. The automakers are nearly broke. We need to tell
them to reorganize under protection of bankruptcy law or give them loan
guarantees.

For the 28 years, the Big Three have burned through capital at a rate of $1.4
billion a month. Their labor costs are obscenely out of whack with other
automakers and the rest of U.S. industry. Years of neglect and incompetence by
top managers have fixed nothing. They've reached the end of the line.

If we must bail out the Big Three, let's do it as intelligently as possible.
Loan guarantees, sure. But no more free rides -- for management or for labor.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               32 of 75 DOCUMENTS


                      Finance & Commerce (Minneapolis, MN)

                           December 5, 2009 Saturday

Coalition calls on Minnesota lawmakers for job creation

BYLINE: Brian Johnson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 889  words


Design, construction and organized labor representatives are appealing to state
lawmakers for help in boosting Minnesota's depressed building industry.

The group - which calls itself the Building Jobs Coalition - took a step this
week toward resurrecting a plan to pump up the industry with loan guarantees,
tax credits, permit streamlining and efforts to increase the "the flow of
credit" into construction.

Last year, those and other job-creation strategies were included in a
coalition-sponsored bill that failed to make it into law.

Coalition officials are giving it another try this year. In short, they're
counting on the provisions to bring relief to the state's building industry,
which is smarting from the effects of a down economy and tight credit.

"We are here today to share ideas that we feel will jump-start the design and
construction industry," said Beverly Hauschild-Baron, executive vice president
of American Institute of Architects-Minnesota, a co-chair of the coalition. "We
don't represent any particular project. "

Pretty much any project would be welcome. Construction employment in the Twin
Cities dropped 20 percent from October 2008 to October 2009, according to new
numbers from the Bureau of Labor Statistics and the Associated General
Contractors of America.

Dave Semerad, CEO of the Associated General Contractors of Minnesota, told the
House Jobs Task Force at the Capitol Monday that the state's building industry
is "oscillating somewhere between a recession and depression. "

"Many of the companies that are pillars of our smaller communities and have
worked to build churches, schools, stores, recreation facilities, all types of
buildings where we all spend our time, and which are such a rich part of our
communities, many of these firms are at risk and are in danger of going out of
business," Semerad said.

Workers are moving away

Minnesota has lost more than 13,500 construction jobs in the past year,
according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, and unemployment in some
trades exceeds 50 percent. As of October, 92,700 construction workers were
employed in Minnesota, down from 106,200 a year earlier.

A good chunk of those unemployed construction workers have been out of a job for
months and are losing their homes and health care, Semerad noted.

"Many of them are leaving the state or going off to work in other industries
outside of construction," he added. "We want you to understand the serious
nature of this problem and that this is not business as usual. "

John Hamilton, president of Minneapolis-based UrbanWorks Architecture, described
Minnesota's design and construction industry as "a real powerhouse" that exports
its talents all over the world. But that industry is "underutilized" by 60
percent in the current economy, he said.

"What does that mean? It means we have some of the most highly trained,
committed, creative professionals in the country that aren't working," he said.

"I spend large amounts of my time writing letters of recommendation to former
employees who are moving to Seattle and Houston and Raleigh-Durham and other
places, because they can't hang on any longer. "

Hamilton said the building industry is in "far greater crisis than I think most
people understand it to be in and you won't see the consequences of it, truly,
for another year. " Some contractors are working on their project backlogs, but
that work is finishing up and few new projects are on the drawing board, he
said.

A large bonding bill, affordable housing tax credits, and historic tax credits
would help to get things moving in the right direction, but the biggest key is
to get the credit flowing again, Hamilton said, adding that some viable
shovel-ready projects are not going forward because the "credit markets are in
the tank. "

Last year, the coalition put together a list of $3 billion to $5 billion worth
of shovel-ready projects that were on hold because of the credit freeze.

Harry Melander, executive secretary for the St. Paul Building and Construction
Trades Council, urged the Legislature to do business "outside its comfort zone"
to get trades people working again.

"These are unusual times and we need all the help we can get," Melander said.
"We appreciate anything you can do and look forward to being part of the
discussion during the legislative session. "

The legislative committee didn't take any formal action, but heard testimony
from a cross-section of folks who promised job creation in return for a helping
hand from the Legislature. Testifiers ranged from Asian business leaders in St.
Paul to historic preservation boosters.

Reps. Mike Nelson, DFL-Brooklyn Park, and Tim Mahoney, DFL-St. Paul, added some
of their own numbers to the discussion of construction job losses.

Nelson, who works for a carpenters union, said work hours for local union
carpenters dwindled from 1.2 million a month before the recession to about
600,000 by last August, a reduction of 50 percent.

Mahoney, a union pipefitter, said the 13,500 construction job losses in
Minnesota is actually on the low side, because it doesn't include discouraged
workers who have quit looking for work. Moreover, it doesn't take into account
those who are working less than full-time shifts.

"I know about 20 percent of our members are working 24 or 32 hours a week, so
they are working short weeks," Mahoney said.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                               33 of 75 DOCUMENTS


                                Birmingham Post

                           January 28, 2009 Wednesday
                                  1ST Edition

This cash package is 'simply not enough';
AUTOMOTIVE SUPPORT NOW! JAGUAR LAND ROVER

BYLINE: TOM SCOTNEY Business Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 490 words


Business leaders in the West Midlands started to voice concerns yesterday over
themotor industry support package put in place by the government.

There were broad signs of relief that the Government had finally pledged money
towards carmakers such as Jaguar Land Rover that are struggling because of the
consumer downturn.

But there were concerns that the plans were not detailed enough, and were not
backed by enough money, to make a substantial difference.

Lord Kumar Bhattacharyya, the head of Warwick Manufacturing Group, said it was
unlikely to solve JLR's immediate problems.

He said: "This is money which will not be spent in the short term."

He said large parts of the package were likely to be more to the benefit of
suppliers than JLR itself. And industry expert David Bailey of Birmingham
University's Business School, said pounds 2.3 billion was simply not enough to
save the sector.

This was especially so given that an estimated pounds 1 billion was needed to
support JLR itself.

He said: "It's good to see Mandelson acknowledge that this is not a lame duck
industry, and loans and guarantees of pounds 2.3 billion is a good start, but
JLR are asking for up to a billion themselves, so I don't know if this is going
to be enough."

Birmingham Chamber of Commerce and Industry said there needed to be more focus
in the support package on what would happen to people who were at risk of losing
their jobs.

Chamber chief executive Jerry Blackett said he was pleased to see an
acknowledgement of the importance of training in the pounds 35 million funding
boost for the Train2Gain skills scheme.

And his Black Country Chamber counterpart Peter Mathews added: "We would have
liked to have seen swifter action on reviving credit finance for purchasing
cars."

Richard Boot, the West Midlands chairman of the Institute of Directors, also
said the package would not do enough to stimulate the consumer demand.

He said: "This announcement is welcome especially if it sorts a key part of the
problem - the supply chain. However, only stimulation of demand will ultimately
help Jaguar Land Rover.

"Ultimately you need to persuade people to buy vehicles and that will only
happen if they have some feeling of job security - perhaps more than the
availability of credit and its cost."

Richard Lambert, director-general of the CBI, agreed, saying: "This announcement
is a positive first step but it is unclear how quickly any new funding will be
made available or how many hoops car-makers might need to jump through to become
eligible."

But reaction was not completely negative.

Peter O'Grady, speaking for the EEF manufacturers' organisation, said: "This is
a long awaited and welcome package which recognises the unique circumstances
affecting one of the key sectors of manufacturing.

"It will also provide a degree of certainty for their important supply networks
which are also integral to other manufacturing sectors."

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  A video image of Lord Mandelson addressing the Lords

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                               34 of 75 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           November 30, 2010 Tuesday
                                 Third Edition

Look to make a buck, says Gillard;
CARBON PRICE

BYLINE: Paddy Manning and Clancy Yeates

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 435 words


JULIA GILLARD has called on business to help put the case for a carbon price,
stressing the commercial opportunities in the transition to a low-pollution
economy. The Prime Minister told a business breakfast in Sydney yesterday that
on a visit to California she noticed that the climate change dialogue was
focused on opportunities to "make a buck", and called on Australian business
leaders to "channel that spirit into Australia". As she pledged to push for a
carbon price next year, Ms Gillard said there was a broad view in business that
Australia needed to "get on with this job ... and I'm determined to do that".
With United Nations climate talks getting under way in Cancun, Mexico, this
week, GE's Australasian commercial director, Ben Waters, asked whether
Australia's unilateral emissions reduction target - to reduce greenhouse gas
emissions by 5 per cent below 2000 levels by 2020 - would be reviewed since it
was not strong enough to prevent dangerous climate change. Ms Gillard said
Australia would be holding to its unconditional emissions reduction target of 5
per cent, while keeping open the possibility of lifting the target to 25 per
cent depending on international action.

"We'll be holding to these [targets] as we design the pricing mechanism that
will get us there," she said. A report published yesterday by the Australian
Conservation Foundation said a 5 per cent cut in the economy's emissions by 2020
would require more than $100 billion in investment in energy, transport and
infrastructure. As any carbon price was likely to be modest, it would not
provide a strong enough incentive to raise $100 billion worth of investment, the
report said. To address this, the foundation said other incentives would be
needed to mobilise green investment. For instance, governments in Scandinavia
have issued "green bonds" to help fund renewable energy projects and energy
efficiency programs. The British government has formed a "Green Investment Bank"
to help lower the risk of investing in green projects today, before a global
agreement on carbon has been struck. The foundation's economic adviser, Simon
O'Connor, said these types of measures could boost private investment in clean
energy and minimise the need for extra government borrowing. "In Australia,
governments use a suite of financing tools to support other industries - loan
guarantees and risk insurance for exporters, tax credits for the film industry
and off-take agreements and co-investment for major utilities," he said. "It's
time government got smarter in applying the available tools to deliver the low
carbon economy."

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Photo: Bloomberg/Ian Waldie

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2010 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                               35 of 75 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                                January 25, 2009
                                   Edition 1

Corus to axe 3,500 jobs as crash hits steelmakers

BYLINE: Dominic O'Connell

SECTION: BUSINESS; BUSINESS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 537 words


BRITAIN's largest steelmaker, Corus, is poised to cut up to 3,500 jobs this week
in one of the biggest blows yet to the faltering manufacturing sector.

Further large-scale job losses are expected within weeks, with Jaguar Land Rover
understood to be considering another 1,500 layoffs.

Toyota, which to date has refrained from cuts despite the automotive downturn,
was yesterday reported to be looking at trimming staff from its UK operations
for the first time.

The Corus cuts are likely to overshadow this week's announcement by Lord
Mandelson, the business secretary, of aid for the car industry. Loan guarantees
to car-finance firms will be one of a raft of measures aimed at stimulating
demand.

Union leaders have been in lastditch talks with the government in an attempt to
fend off some of the job cuts. In the case of Corus, they have pressed ministers
to adopt a system offered by the Dutch government. Corus has operations in the
Netherlands, where the state makes up the pay of workers put on short working
weeks.

It was unclear last night whether the government had turned its back on such a
scheme, but it is understood that the Corus job losses will go ahead. They are
part of a longterm restructuring drawn up by outgoing chief executive Philippe
Varin. Numbers were being finalised this weekend.

Corus management had planned to introduce the changes gradually, but the plan
has been accelerated by the crisis in the world steel industry. Production
worldwide dropped by a quarter in December, according to figures released last
week by the World Steel Association.

The slump has been caused by the paralysis gripping two of steelmakers' main
markets, construction and car manufacturing.

Steel prices, which had been driven to record highs by strong demand from China,
have more than halved in the last year.

Corus is Europe's second-largest steelmaker and the ninth largest in the world.
It was formed a decade ago from the merger of British Steel and Dutch firm
Hoogovens.

Warring between the two sides of the group and financial problems brought it
close to disaster in 2003, but it recovered strongly under Varin's leadership as
steel prices rose.

Two years ago it was bought by Tata Steel, sister company of Tata Motors, the
owner of Jaguar Land Rover, for Eur6.7 billion.

Corus had two suitors - Tata and

CSN of Brazil - with the Indian group finally winning the battle after an
extraordinary late-night auction.

It is understood the planned job cuts will come across the company's
23,000-strong British workforce, and are not expected to lead to the closure of
any large sites.

Corus's steelmaking operations are at Port Talbot, Scunthorpe and Teesside, with
steel processing at sites in South Wales, Scotland and the Midlands. "This is
not about site closure.

This is about making Corus in the UK competitive," said one industry insider.
Some analysts question whether Corus can continue to make steel in the UK in the
long term - it struggles to compete with competitors in India and Brazil.

The company's supporters, however, point to the efficiency of its Dutch plants,
and the improved performance of its UK plants, which have given it a dominant
market share in Britain.

GKN poised for cuts, page 3 Jobwatch, page 9

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2009 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               36 of 75 DOCUMENTS


                                 Plastics News

                               November 16, 2009

Ohio recycler Coll experiences rapid growth

BYLINE: Mike Verespej

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 0009

LENGTH: 611 words


In less than two years, Brian Coll has turned a one-man brokerage operation in
the basement of his New Cambridge, Ohio, home into a plastics recycling company
that is reprocessing more than 80 million pounds annually.

"When you are a recycling company in North America that does not export, you
have loyal suppliers and buyers," said Coll, CEO of family-owned Coll Materials
Exchange LLC.

Coll moved into a new 150,000-square-foot facility in Zanesville, Ohio, this
fall. "We have aligned ourselves with domestic suppliers and buyers."

In the last 12 months, Coll has invested $3.9 million in land and equipment. Two
months ago the company began recycling post-consumer material, and it has the
capacity to recycle 100 million pounds a year.

The Zanesville plant has two new Cumberland granulators that can handle 3,000
pounds of material per hour, plus various used granulators, a refurbished sink,
wash and float line and a 25,000-square-foot warehouse.

The plant runs three shifts, five days a week, and employs 38.

That's a far cry from December 2007, when Coll left his position as president
and chief operating officer of Triple Diamond Plastics Inc. in Liberty Center,
Ohio, to concentrate full-time on building a plastics recycling business.

"I had been selling packaging for nearly 15 years and it was pretty evident to
me that there was an opportunity to get into plastics recycling," said Coll, a
former plant manager at thermoformer Fabri-Form Co. in New Concord, Ohio, and
operations manager in Richmond, Ind., for pallet, tray and container
manufacturer TriEnda LLC.

In less than seven months -- buying scrap packaging materials largely from
carmakers such as General Motors Co., Ford Motor Co. and Toyota Motor Corp. --
Coll was brokering roughly, 200,000 pounds per week. Much of the material was
high density polyethylene and polypropylene, but included PET, ABS,
thermoplastic elastomers, PVC and engineering resins.

In 2008 the company made the leap into recycling. He bought two used granulators
and moved them into a 50,000-square-foot leased plant in Byesville, Ohio.

His customers now include TriEnda and Fabri-Form, plus sheet extruder Primex
Plastics Corp., pallet and container manufacturer Orbis Corp. and recycler
Harris Material Exchange Inc. in Berne, Ind.

This year the company has continued on the expansion path. In April he acquired
Detroit-based recycler Regrind Services LLC.

"There were a lot of synergies between the two companies because they had a
similar business model focused primarily on post-industrial automotive scrap,
and a strong purchasing department that we knew could help us build our supply
of material," Coll said. That deal was helped by a loan backed by the Department
of Agriculture's business and industry loan guarantee program.

At the time of the acquisition, Regrind Services was reprocessing almost twice
as much material as Coll Materials Exchange. Coll said he planned to keep both
plants open. But after a few months, it became difficult to justify having two
separate Midwest locations, he said.

"The numbers didn't add up," said Coll, so he decided in early June to
consolidate his plastics recycling operations and move into post-consumer
recycling as well.

Coll said he plans to expand the company further. But for the next six months,
the focus will be on "increasing throughput on the lines and maximizing organic
growth in the current plant."

He wants to grow the company's washing, toll grinding and container repair
businesses.

At the same time, Coll said he will be evaluating acquisition opportunities on
the West Coast, in the Southeast and in Mexico.

Copyright 2009 Crain Communications Inc. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: pn


                      Copyright 2009 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                               37 of 75 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            November 25, 2007 Sunday

IT'LL TAKE BARGAINS FOR US TO BUY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 1822 words


Deals, deals, deals - Nov. 18

The well-heeled will spend heartily this Christmas, but expect vastly curtailed
spending from the working class overall. They have all they can do to handle
their household budgets as is. Face it: money is tight, thus purchasing power is
lessened. Average folks have been monetarily submerged by the speed of events
relative to their spending capacity. Energy costs, gas, taxes, insurance, etc.,
have vastly increased in the blink of an eye. Cash outlays for necessities have
been overwhelming. The only thing that can alter this to a degree is if
retailers bombard buyers with bargains galore.

Robert B. Fleming, St. Petersburg

Doubling down shows ambition to be winner, column - Nov. 18

Consider Toyland site for stadium

Strictly from an economic development view and best use of land - does it not
make sense to consider the Toyland landfill site for the new stadium? Sembler
and two other developers are bidding for mixed-used development on the site: it
comprises 240 acres of unproductive (taxwise) property. The location shaves
about 10 miles and 20 minutes of driving for over a million potential fans while
still bearing the St. Petersburg imprint. There is plenty of parking and it
would jumpstart the development of the site.

In today's climate, it is unlikely any of the proposed developments would get
off the ground at the landfill for some time. The stadium helps make a
destination.

The downtown site is extremely valuable land, but we are not necessarily adding
much to the downtown economy. Look at Baltimore. They built their stadium in an
old warehouse district, which helped revitalize the area. They did not put it in
prime real estate. The stadium is not the highest and best use of that prime
land.

Jerry Miller, Tampa

Put the Rays and tribe together

I enjoyed your column in the Sunday paper. It only begs the questions: Why don't
the Rays and the Seminoles join forces to build a new stadium? Complete with
gambling?

Mary Warman, Clearwater

Office fashion falls behind boomer taste - Nov. 16

Like your clothes, wear them well

Years ago, I found out that even pop name brands like Liz Claiborne had become
too matronly for me. And too, I don't like my clothes to look like a "match
set." That kind of look can sometimes add years onto your age and no sensible
woman wants that. The matchy-match look kind of reminds me of the Rooms To Go,
store for furniture. In other words, you get everything that you need in one big
swoop and, voila, it all matches.

Well, I guess it's okay for some, but being a boomer myself, I enjoy a more
trendy and casual look. Old Navy is one of my favorite stomping grounds. Not
only do they have a variety of styles, but their stores are pocketbook-friendly
as well. Believe me, you don't need to spend "an arm and a leg." What works best
for me, though, is getting a little here and a little there and putting it all
together to create my own stylish look.

Just remember, as women we come in all shapes and sizes. As a result, we need to
take the time to figure out just what looks best on us and not worry so much
what everyone else is wearing. Be your own trendsetter. My mother often told me
this: "If you like it, you'll wear it well." And, you know what? She was right.

JoAnn Lee Frank, Clearwater

Home mortgage crisis

Loan guarantee may be a solution

The problem faced by homeowners is not simply the desire to remain in the home,
but also to have the option of selling the home without significant loss.

To exit the current crises, the federal government needs to increase the
opportunities for home buying. Blaming everything on the mortgage companies is
misleading because some of the practices that backfired were inspired by a
desire to improve homeownership rates for lower income people. However, if it is
not possible to sell, not only is there no income benefit, but there is loss,
including bankruptcy and loss of creditworthiness. The inability to sell can
also have other impacts on the economy, such as slowdowns due to difficulties
with employees accepting better jobs by relocating.

First, the federal government should institute a loan guarantee program that
covers a new purchase of an existing home, a 5 percent or less real-estate agent
commission, the current debt against the house and other reasonable closing
costs, including lending fees that are closely monitored. This program should
have a built-in, graduated decrease in the percent of the loan that is
guaranteed. For example, the program could function over 10 years and guarantee
only 25 percent of the portion of the purchase price that covers the existing
loans when the program sunsets, allowing time for housing values to get back on
track.

The loan guarantees should not encourage flipping and new home building, but to
have some positive impact on the construction industry, these loan guarantees
should provide for home remodeling prior to the sale. For example, home
remodeling up to 5 percent of the house value could be included in the purchase
price, but only if remodelers wait until closing to be paid. This will have the
added benefit of reducing community decay, allowing homes to be updated and
repaired. The home guarantees should not be available in regions where housing
sales remain solid, such as in Manhattan.

George Blanck, Tampa

Like a mall for Medicare -Nov. 16

Conservative ideals? Not sure

Wow! What an opportunity for Medicare recipients! Now you, too, can be
entrepreneurs, a favorite group for the Bush administration. Envious of
Blackwater, Halliburton, HMOs, oil and insurance companies, plus war profiteers
- oops, entrepreneurs - who have reaped billions of tax dollars from the
president's policies? Fret no longer.

Write or call your congressman and tell them that you want to join in the
dismantling - oops, privatization - of Medicare and accept personal
responsibility, by keeping more of your own money - other favorite cliches of
this administration - by having Medicare send you the monthly $800 now given to
Medicare HMOs. In return, you will be totally responsible for seeking your own
health care in the open market, starting your personal health savings account or
joining the 47-million citizens without health insurance.

Just think, no more concern for socialized medical care and conservatives should
applaud the idea of reducing "big government." Why, this is a grand idea and you
don't think anyone would oppose such a free market approach. Nah, not really.
What's that you say? The opposition would counter that participants would spend
the money on frivolous things - say, increasing gas prices, property taxes or
insurance - and place a burden on society when they need health care. Nah, that
flies in the face of conservative mantra that our citizens know best on how to
spend their own money. Whata you think?

Bill Yates, Bayonet Point

Buyers ultimately to blame for collapse, letter Nov. 18

Buyers weren't educated well

So Mr. Robinson blames the buyer for the problems in the housing market.

Well, I blame the overzealous professionals in the sale and finance of homes to
amateur buyers. In most cases, they were not properly informed by those
professionals, whose only concern has been the commission they expected.

Those sales people should accept full responsibility for all failed contracts
where they didn't attempt to educate the buyer.

William G. Corristan, Tampa

State rebuffs Allstate increase - Nov. 17

Don't give in to insurer's demand

Regulators don't need to ask why Allstate needs an increase. It's as simple as
eating apple pie. They gave away a large portion of their income by not insuring
"X" amount of homes. Now they want the homeowners that they kept to pick up the
difference. To me, that is outrageous. If the regulators let them get their way,
they are not looking out for their constituents. And they should be held
accountable at the next election.

Robert Vaughan, Holiday

Better subjects exist for feature

While there is no question that the current economic conditions have placed many
in tenuous circumstances, living week to week, paycheck to paycheck, and as much
as I have sympathy for Ms. Renee Holly and her particular plight, surely you
might have come up with a better example of this situation than using Ms. Holly
and her online sex business to illustrate the point. There are thousands of
families in similarly tight straits, but weekly paychecks are not derived from
an industry many find somewhat distasteful.

Is it pandering to the more sensationalistic variety of journalism that drives
the St. Petersburg Times to these editorial decisions, such as to place a large
photo of Ms. Holly undressing on the front page of the Business section? Again,
I have nothing but sympathy for Ms. Holly, but perhaps highlighting the
difficulties faced by a struggling family with a couple of kids might have been,
shall we say, a more wholesome and, I submit, an even more compelling
illustration of the worrisome nature of living paycheck to paycheck.

Tyler Carder, Largo

Young girls get the wrong idea

Are you all out of your minds, publishing an article about someone doing porn on
the Internet? Wonder how many young girls will get an idea that this is a way to
make a living.

Sheila Goehrig, New Port Richey

Stick with the pet features

Terrific feature promoting pet adoptions and tribute to photographer Ken Helle.
His work can be the key to "forever homes" for them.

Then we have "Dreams of a normal life." Do we wish "Renee Holly" the best as she
strives for a different life? Of course. Do we want to see that photo on the
front page and read about her lifestyle - especially intriguing for the young
readers of Newspaper in Education. Not so good. Skip the tabloid trash and go
with more Ernest Hooper, Howard Troxler, Jeff Klinkenberg, Terry Tomalin, Sue
Carlton, Bill Maxwell or a Lane DeGregory feature. Give us more decent stories,
not a picture of a woman ready to strip on the computer. Think a misguided teen
might pick up on that easy money?

Robyn Dalton, Largo

Seek God's help with your life

Perhaps your article reflects a deeper sentiment that is growing on the hearts
and mind of many in our society.

I would like to respond to "Rene." The paper stated that you had an "empty space
inside" that "needs to hear an answer." I understand that empty space, I had one
that I sought to fill with other things. There is one thing that can fill that
empty space - God's love.

Living a normal life, fulfilling your dreams does not come from having a 401(k),
a paid-off house, a spouse, two children and a dog, though these are all good
things. Living a meaningful life comes from having a relationship with God.

Ted Garro, Tampa

Senior pastor, Grace Church of the Nazarene

SHARE OPINIONS

MAIL: Business News Letters, P.O. Box 1121, St. Petersburg, FL 33731.

FAX: (727) 893-8939

e-mail: biznews@tampabay.com (Please indicate the word "Letter" in the subject
field.)

WEB: www.tampabay.com/letters (Choose the "Business" option.)

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Associated Press: A man is loaded down with shopping bags as he
walks past a Macy's window in San Francisco. PHOTO, John Pendygraft - Times:
"Renee Holly," 49, takes off her top in front of a Web cam for "Papi," who pays
$6 a minute to peep into her apartment.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LETTER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                               38 of 75 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                            January 20, 2009 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Tooling firm faces $4.5M dilemma

BYLINE: Chris Vander Doelen, Windsor Star

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D6

LENGTH: 687  words


A well-known Windsor-area tooling company got a good news/bad news call from one
of its largest Detroit customers last week: Chrysler LLC told it to start
cutting metal for a $4.5-million die for a new Chrysler sedan slated to launch
in 2011.

A contract of that size is considered a major job in Windsor's struggling
machine, tool, die and mould industry. The sector's 100-plus companies employ an
estimated 8,500 people building tools for the region's auto industry, from the
Detroit automakers to Toyota, Honda and others.

But with the terms of federal government bailouts of the Detroit automakers
still up in their air, the Windsor company -- which wishes to remain nameless --
is trying to figure out if it's worth the risk to accept the Chrysler contract
and do the work "on spec," hoping to be paid later. Much later.

Approximately half of the value of the contract, $2.2 million, would be spent on
wages employing the several dozen tool makers required to produce the piece.

They will work around the clock cutting and polishing metal until the die is
scheduled for delivery in July.

But under the current terms accepted by companies which supply tools to Detroit
automakers, the supplier won't be paid for the die until January, 2011 -- if
Chrysler survives, and if the Tier 1 parts maker which will actually produce the
parts from the die decides to pay the tool maker.

With parts makers also fighting for their lives, they aren't always paying their
bills these days.

"So, do they go out and buy the steel? Is it worth the risk to take on the job?"
asked Craig Wiggins, president of Tooling & Equipment Capital Solutions Inc., of
Tecumseh. The consultant's clients include most of the region's major companies
in the MTDM sector, including the one that won the Chrysler contract. "That's
the bind these guys are in these days. They want to keep their people working,
but....

"If it was me, I would not take the work," said Wiggins, who advises the
companies on financing their work. "I could not afford to write off $2.5 million
in 2011."

According to a industry report submitted to the Michigan Economic Development
Corp. last week, GM alone owes about $3.3 billion to an estimated 600 U.S. and
Canadian machine, tool, die and mould makers.

The money is owed for tools, dies and moulds that have already been produced and
delivered for 2010 model year vehicles which will be launched this year.

Each new launch requires approximately $500 million in tooling and each refresh
of an existing vehicle costs $100 million to $150 million.

Jay Baron, president of the Centre for Automotive Research in Ann Arbor, Mich.,
said the MTDM companies have been going bankrupt in Michigan at a rate of one or
more per week the last few months, as the Detroit automakers spiralled deeper
into financial distress.

"This is clearly a high-risk area -- building a tool for one of the OEMs
(original equipment manufacturers) right now." Baron said the MTDM bankruptcies
and vast sums of off-the-book debts owed to the tooling sector makes the small
suppliers "a poster child for what Detroit has done wrong."

The tooling debts are now "a major problem -- a significant roadblock to saving
the industry" with loan guarantees backed by taxpayers, Baron said in an
interview.

Wiggins said Canadian suppliers are owed an estimated $800 million to $1 billion
for tools ordered for the 2010 Camaro, Chevrolet Equinox and Pontiac Torrent,
all of which will be assembled in Ontario starting this summer.

The loan guarantees for automotive suppliers announced by the Canadian federal
government on Monday won't be of much help to the industry, Wiggins said,
because a third-party bank must approve the loans -- and they probably won't.

Under the terms of additional auto industry aid announced by Industry Minister
Tony Clement, $350 million extra will be injected into the Business Development
Bank of Canada for disbursement to automotive suppliers.

Under the terms of the federal aid, Wiggins said, the major commercial banks
which do business with tooling suppliers will have to also agree each company is
worthy of each loan it applied for from the BDBC.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2009 Windsor Star, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               39 of 75 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           February 29, 2000 Tuesday

THE LURE OF OFF-FARM BENEFITS;
MORE MIDWEST FARMERS ARE TAKING SECOND JOBS TO OBTAIN VALUABLE EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
- A TREND UNLIKELY TO CHANGE EVEN IF CROP PRICES REBOUND.

BYLINE: Lee Egerstrom, Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 1113 words

DATELINE: MARSHALL, MINN.


Tighter-fitting clothes used to be a reminder to farmer and seed dealer Jerry
Louwagie that it was winter - seed-selling time on the farm.

"Women would invite you in for coffee and insist that you have a little lunch -
at least a piece of pie - no matter what time of day," he said.

Pie is hard to come by these days. Now Louwagie must carefully schedule
appointments to tell his customers about the DeKalb corn or Asgrow soybean seeds
he sells. He estimates that more than 50 percent of farm men in southwestern
Minnesota have jobs off the farm, and that a much higher number of farm women
commute to jobs in town.

"I don't think more than 10 to 15 percent of the women stay at home," he said.

These days, jobs off the farm aren't just meant to fill in the gaps caused by
falling commodity prices or a bad crop. Farm household members are jostling for
permanent jobs that offer health insurance and retirement benefits.

"This makes the modern farm family similar to the suburban family," said Joe
Amato, dean of rural studies at Southwest State University in Marshall.

Both farmers and suburbanites seek job security; both face commuting issues.
Inevitably, rural affairs experts and farmers say, the growth of off-farm jobs
is changing the face of rural communities.

It's likely to be a permanent change because even if commodity prices rebound,
few farm families will give up jobs that offer insurance coverage, Amato said.

This same pursuit of benefits, especially high-cost health insurance benefits,
is occurring in other parts of the Midwest, said Chris Merrett, co-director of
the Illinois Institute for Rural Affairs at Western Illinois University.

At Macomb, Ill., where Merrett and Western Illinois are based, many university
employees are farm family members who have career goals shaped by the need for
family security benefits, he said.

Health insurance rates for a farm family with dependent children will cost from
$600 to $700 a month for "good" coverage, said Linda Boerboom, a farmer in
Minneota, Minn.

Her husband, Galen, started work in January at Schwan's Sales Enterprises, the
largest manufacturer in Marshall, to secure insurance benefits and increase
family cash income. Linda has worked part time at a nursing home for the past
nine years, but the job offers no benefits.

Duane Maeyaert, a farmer who doubles as a feed-mill operations supervisor for
the Cenex Harvest States regional co-op in Tracy, Minn., said benefits define
"the difference between a good job and temporary employment." The typical
employer who wants to keep skilled workers will offer packages of health and
retirement benefits that amount to about $10,000 per year, before wages.

Only farms with large operations and year-round income from marketing can cover
monthly insurance premiums and put money in retirement accounts, he said.

Corn was selling for $1.60 per bushel at the elevator that day, or about 50
cents per bushel less than the average cost of producing corn in southwestern
Minnesota. It won't matter if corn prices double to more than $3 per bushel, and
if soybeans nearly triple to $9 per bushel, Maeyaert said. Farmers will hold
onto their jobs and benefits.

"We know what happens when corn and soybeans go up. Everybody plants corn and
soybeans, and the prices don't last," said Maeyaert's wife, Laurie, who works
for Philadelphia-based Aarmark in its food service operations at Southwest State
University. "I just feel that we've been lucky."

One of her daily food customers is Jan Louwagie. Her husband, Jerry, is the
farmer with the seed business northeast of Marshall. That provides supplemental
income for the farm, Jan said. Her job as a coordinator of the History Center at
Southwest State University in Marshall provides additional income and the health
benefits for their family of six.

Farm family members prize government jobs, such as education and community
services, because they do provide benefits. Other employers must do the same to
compete for this farm labor pool, she said.

The Midwest, where the image of the independent, entrepreneurial farm family is
deeply engrained, is probably the last region to see farm production lose its
importance to wages and salaries for farm households, said Patricia
McLean-Meyinsse, an agricultural economist at Southern University in Baton
Rouge, La.

Less than 10 percent of the nation's approximately 2 million farms now produce
about 90 percent of total U.S. farm production, Meyinsse added. That suggests
that fewer and fewer farm families are depending on farm marketing income.

She recalls from her doctoral studies at Ohio State University that the Midwest
had the majority of farm households that depended on farm income. In contrast,
small farmers in the South have needed jobs to maintain family income, she said,
"but I don't know if anyone has studied how benefits fit into this part-time
farming picture."

At the Tracy grain elevator and feed mill, Duane Maeyaert said the need for
benefits and stable income is turning him and his neighbors into either
part-time or "hobby" farmers. "We still think of ourselves as farmers, even when
our lives have changed."

Cindy Struthers, a rural sociologist at Western Illinois University, said
working to obtain family benefits is changing Midwestern farm families in the
same way that urban families earlier shifted to two-income households.

The restructuring of the farm household will have an equally great impact on
rural communities, rural businesses and public policies and services, said rural
affairs experts

"I believe the need for benefits starts a new relationship between town and
country, new dependencies, and we (academics) haven't studied this to know what
it means," said the Illinois Institute's Merrett.

Gary DeCramer, the U.S. Department of Agriculture's director of rural
development in Minnesota, said the changing farm raises more questions about
federal farm policy. Congress and future administrations may face of choice
between trying to help farm people through commodity support programs or through
jobs programs, rural development, and education and training programs.

"At the risk of sounding self-serving, I really believe rural development is
needed to create opportunities for farmers and other rural people," he said.
Public policy on that front isn't keeping pace with demand; he has applications
for $96 million in rural business and industry loan guarantees on his desk and a
budget for $13 million.

Lee Egerstrom, who covers agribusiness and food companies, can be reached at
legerstrom@pioneerpress.com or (651) 228-5437.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 2 Photos: Photos by Craig Borck, Pioneer Press
Jerry Louwagie, above, is a Marshall, Minn.-area farmer who
supplements his income by working as a seed dealer. His wife, Jan
Louwagie, below, is coordinator of the History Center at Southwest
State University in Marshall, which provides health benefits for the
Louwagies' family of six.

                     Copyright 2000 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                               40 of 75 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                               May 7, 2000 Sunday

BUSINESS BRIEFS

LENGTH: 290 words


Kadrmas, Lee and Jackson wins award Kadrmas, Lee and Jackson was recently
selected as ESRI's Business Partner of the Year for the Minneapolis region. ESRI
is the world's leading provider of Geographic Information Software such as
ArcView and Arc/Info, used by many organizations throughout the Upper Midwest.
The Minneapolis region consists of Michigan, Illinois, Wisconsin, Minnesota,
North Dakota and South Dakota.

Odney Advertising scores regional awards Odney Advertising Agency was recognized
with five regional Addy awards and three citations of excellence recently. Odney
Advertising's work now will be judged for the national Addy awards. Odney
Advertising earned Addys for a television campaign of three ads, a television
spot, a radio spot, and annual report and signage. Sponsored by the American
Advertising Federation, the Addy awards competition is judged by industry peers.

Telemarketing firm locates in Napoleon USDA Rural Development in North Dakota
has announced the award of a $130,000 Business and Industry Loan Guarantee to
Stock Growers Bank in Napoleon. The loan guarantee will assist Stock Growers
Bank to provide a loan to the Napoleon Future Fund Inc. The Napoleon Future Fund
Inc. assisted Performance Centers Inc. in establishing a telemarketing firm,
located in the former Red Door building on Napoleon's main street. The
guaranteed loan funds were used to purchase a portion of the real estate, some
equipment and furniture.

Care 2000 receives approval Care 2000 Home HealthCare Services Inc. of Bismarck
has received approval from the Federal Health Care Agency. Care 2000 can now
provide all levels of home health-care services to people living in Burleigh,
Morton, Mercer, McLean, Sheridan and Oliver counties.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2000 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                               41 of 75 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 20, 2015 Wednesday

Arizona: USDA to Give Priority Funding for Regional Economic Development
Projects

LENGTH: 552  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

MEMPHIS, Tenn., May 20, 2015 - Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced
USDA's plan to implement a Farm Bill provision that will have a major policy
impact on the way the Department helps rural communities plan and finance
regional economic development strategies. The new Regional Development Priority
(RDP) policy will make it easier for rural communities to access resources to
invest in long-term community development efforts by giving priority to
applications for Rural Development programs that include regional partnerships
and strategies.

"Regional planning maximizes the effectiveness of our investments in rural
America," Vilsack said here today while addressing the 10th Annual Organization
for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) Conference. "When communities
come together to share resources, ideas and expertise, they can develop a
cohesive economy strategy and invest in their future. With a strategy in place,
USDA-funded projects can spur regional economic transformation, increase job
opportunities and improve quality of life for rural communities."

Under the RDP, communities with multi-jurisdictional economic development plans
will be able to request funding priority when they apply for loans and grants in
four key USDA programs. These programs help finance a variety of infrastructure,
business and community development needs. They are:

Community Facilities Program
    Business & Industry Loan Guarantee Program
    Water and Environmental Program and
    Rural Business Development Grant Program.

Applicants seeking priority consideration will be judged by (1) how well their
funding request supports a region's existing development plan, and (2) how well
the plan addresses regional collaboration and considers other funding sources
including philanthropic groups and other federal agencies. Projects that receive
funding will be based on locally identified needs and growth strategies that
capitalize upon a region's unique strengths.

Vilsack made this announcement during the 10th Annual Organization for Economic
Cooperation and Development Conference in Memphis, Tenn. The conference brings
world leaders and policy officials from 34 countries to discuss how modern
policies can help rural regions reach their full economic potential, support
national growth and be globally competitive. During the conference, Secretary
Vilsack reaffirmed his vision for four pillars of rural economic development.

Additional information about the funding priority was published in today's
Federal Register.

Congress authorized USDA to implement this regional approach when it passed the
2014 Farm Bill. That law builds on historic economic gains in rural America over
the past six years while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in
savings for taxpayers.

Since the bill's enactment, USDA has made significant progress to implement each
provision of this critical legislation, including expanding access to rural
credit, developing new markets for rural-made products, and investing in
infrastructure, housing and community facilities to help improve the quality of
life in rural America.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               42 of 75 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           December 28, 1999 Tuesday

ROOTS OF FARM RECOVERY FOUND IN COOPERATIVES

BYLINE: Earl aPomeroy and Paul Hazen, Commentators

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 798 words


Farm communities across the United States are in an economic crisis.

While providing immediate disaster assistance is critical to the survival of
many farmers, it does absolutely nothing to prevent the need for similar
assistance year after year. We need to invest in our family farms to improve the
future of the agricultural economy.

It is time for our country to integrate producers into a farmer-owned food
system. Agriculture Secretary Dan Glickman said it best at a recent White House
breakfast celebrating October Cooperative Month: "We want the tomato farmers to
own the ketchup factory."

For decades, the linchpin of economic opportunity and the great quality of life
in rural America has been a strong system of cooperatives. From dairy and grain
cooperatives, to fuel, electrical and telephone cooperatives, rural Americans
joined forces to create the most cost-effective and beneficial system of
services possible.

While cooperatives have been integral to the history of rural America, they
represent much more than nostalgia for the old days. Cooperatives have a bright
future.

As agriculture in this country becomes more concentrated and industrialized,
farmers are losing control of their economic well being and are increasingly at
the mercy of a small number of multinational corporations. This trend of extreme
concentration already has taken hold of the chicken, beef and pork industries.
Can the rest of agriculture be far behind?

To be successful in today's agriculture, farmers must own both the production
and the value-added processing of the product that is marketed to the global
market. We need to dramatically increase government programs that help farmers
invest in the actual ownership of production and value-added processing, and
marketing of food through cooperatives.

In 1933, the U.S. government provided nearly $200 million in seed money (more
than $2.5 billion in 1999 dollars) to create the Farm Credit System, a network
of farmer-owned cooperative financial institutions that has met the credit needs
of farmers ever since. The seed money has long since been paid back to the
federal government by the farmers.

Today, the United States needs a similar investment that would empower farmers
to move up the food chain, from commodity production to value-added processing.
There already are proven models that work to increase farmer income.

Farmers in North Dakota already have taken steps toward capturing more income
through value-added processing. Indeed, co-op fever has swept the state. In
1993, 1,000 farmers created the Dakota Pasta Growers cooperative with the annual
capacity for 120 million pounds of pasta. Six years later, the cooperative has
grown to nearly four times its original size, making it the third-largest pasta
manufacturer in North America. Through this and other successful cooperatives,
member farmers have dramatically increased their incomes.

Traditional farmer-owned cooperatives like Land O'Lakes and CENEX Harvest States
have achieved similar success. With the hog market in turmoil last year,
Farmland Industries, one of our nation's largest cooperatives, made a decision
affecting its 600,000 farmer owners. When the market price was $8 per
hundredweight, Farmland decided to set a floor of $15 for the hogs they
purchased. Farmland recognized that a floor price was not the total solution,
but believed it helped change the downward course of hog prices.

The members of Farmland Industries were able to take this action because they
own an integrated value-added processing food company, giving them independence
from government support programs. Moving to more farmer ownership of the food
system, farmers' reliance on government relief and capitulation to multinational
corporations will decrease.

In the next Congress, we should fully implement the recent recommendations of
the National Commission on Small Farms. Congress should fund the Rural
Cooperative Development Grants programs, which provide critical technical
assistance to farmer groups forming cooperatives. We should bring back the $100
million Cooperative Value-Added Program and make the $200 million USDA Business
and Industry Loan Guarantee program more flexible for cooperatives. Also, we
should create a national equity trust fund targeting producers who do not have
the necessary equity left in their farms to borrow funds for investment in
value-added cooperatives.

More value-added cooperatives in the 21st century will help our nation's family
farmers both produce the tomatoes and own the ketchup factory.
Pomeroy is an at-large member of Congress from North Dakota. Hazen is president
and CEO of the National Cooperative Business Association; he can reached at
(202) 638-6222.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 1999 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                               43 of 75 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 26, 2017 Thursday

Washington: COMMITTEE ON BANKING, HOUSING, AND URBAN AFFAIRS

LENGTH: 758  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: The Library of Congress, The Government of USA has issued the
following house proceeding:



  SUBCOMMITTEE MEMBERSHIP AND SUBCOMMITTEE JURISDICTION Mr. CRAPO. I ask
unanimous consent that the subcommittee membership and subcommittee jurisdiction
of the U.S. Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, which was
approved by the committee at today's executive session, be printed in the
Record. There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the
Record, as follows: Subcommittee Jurisdiction of the Committee on Banking,
Housing, and Urban Affairs 115th Congress Any subcommittee issue is available at
any time for full Committee consideration where appropriate, as determined by
the Chairman in consultation with the other members of the Committee.

All mark-ups of legislation and consideration of nominations would take place at
the full Committee level. subcommittee on securities, insurance, and investment
Securities, annuities, and other financial investments; SEC: SIPC: CFTC (single
stock futures and other financial instruments within CFTC jurisdiction);
Government securities; Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac; Financial exchanges and markets;
Financial derivatives; Accounting standards; Insurance. subcommittee on
financial institutions and consumer protection Banks, savings associations,
credit unions, and other financial institutions; Deposit Insurance; Federal Home
Loan Bank System; Regulatory activities of the Federal Reserve System; OCC,
FDIC, NCUA; E-commerce; Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. subcommittee on
national security and international trade and finance Export and foreign trade
promotion; Export controls; Export financing; International economic policy;
International financial and development institutions; Export-Import Bank;
International Trade Administration; Bureau of Export Administration; Defense
Production Act. subcommittee on economic policy Economic growth, employment and
price stability; Monetary policy, including monetary policy functions of the
Federal Reserve [[Page S435]] System; Financial Stability Oversight Counsel;
Office of Financial Research; Council of Economic Advisors; Money and credit,
including currency, coinage and notes; Control of prices of commodities, rents
and services; Economic stabilization; Financial aid to commerce and industry;
Loan guarantees; Flood insurance; Disaster assistance; Small Business Lending.
subcommittee on housing, transportation, and community development Urban mass
transit, urban affairs and development; Federal Transit Administration; HUD;
Affordable Housing; Foreclosure Mitigation; Mortgage Servicing; HAMP; FHA;
Senior Housing; Nursing home construction; Rural Housing Service; Indian
Housing. SUBCOMMITTEE MEMBERSHIP Unless otherwise noted, Mike Crapo, Chairman,
and Sherrod Brown, Ranking Democratic Member, serve on all subcommittees as
ex-officio, non-voting members. HOUSING, TRANSPORTATION, AND COMMUNITY
DEVELOPMENT Tim Scott, SC, Chairman; Robert Menendez, NJ, Ranking Democratic
Member. Richard C. Shelby, AL; Dean Heller, NV; Mike Rounds, SD; Thom Tillis,
NC; Joe Kennedy, LA; Jack Reed, RI; Heidi Heitkamp, ND; Brian Schatz, HI; Chris
Van Hollen, MD. FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS AND CONSUMER PROTECTION Patrick J.
Toomey, PA, Chairman; Elizabeth Warren, MA, Raking Democratic Member. Richard C.
Shelby, AL; Bob Corker, TN; Dean Heller, NV; Tim Scott, SC; Ben Sasse, NE; Tom
Cotton, AR; David Perdue, GA; John Kennedy, LA; Jack Reed, RI; Jon Tester, MT;
Mark Warner, VA; Joe Donnelly, IN; Brian Schatz, HI; Chris Van Hollen; Catherine
Cortez Masto, NY. SECURITIES, INSURANCE, AND INVESTMENT Dean Heller, NV,
Chairman; Mark Warner, VA, Ranking Democratic Member. Richard C. Shelby, AL; Bob
Corker, TN; Patrick J. Toomey, PA; Tim Scott, SC; Ben Sasse, NE; Mike Rounds,
SD; Thom Tillis, NC; Jack Reed, RI; Robert Menendez, NJ; Jon Tester, MT;
Elizabeth Warren, MA; Chris Van Hollen, MD; Catherine Cortez Masto, NV. NATIONAL
SECURITY AND INTERNATIONAL TRADE AND FINANCE Ben Sasse, NE, Chairman; Joe
Donnelly, IN, Ranking Democratic Member. Bob Corker, TN; Tom Cotton, AR; Mike
Rounds, SD; David Perdue, GA; Mark Warner, VA; Heidi Heitkamp, ND; Brian Schatz,
HI. ECONOMIC POLICY Tom Cotton, AR, Chairman; Heidi Heitkamp, ND, Ranking
Democratic Member. Patrick J. Toomey, PA; David Perdue, GA; Thom Tillis, NC;
John Kennedy, LA; Robert Menendez, NJ; Elizabeth Warren, MA; Joe Donnelly, IN.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               44 of 75 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 26, 2017 Thursday

Washington: COMMITTEE ON BANKING, HOUSING, AND URBAN AFFAIRS

LENGTH: 758  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: The Library of Congress, The Government of USA has issued the
following house proceeding:



  SUBCOMMITTEE MEMBERSHIP AND SUBCOMMITTEE JURISDICTION Mr. CRAPO. I ask
unanimous consent that the subcommittee membership and subcommittee jurisdiction
of the U.S. Senate Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, which was
approved by the committee at today's executive session, be printed in the
Record. There being no objection, the material was ordered to be printed in the
Record, as follows: Subcommittee Jurisdiction of the Committee on Banking,
Housing, and Urban Affairs 115th Congress Any subcommittee issue is available at
any time for full Committee consideration where appropriate, as determined by
the Chairman in consultation with the other members of the Committee.

All mark-ups of legislation and consideration of nominations would take place at
the full Committee level. subcommittee on securities, insurance, and investment
Securities, annuities, and other financial investments; SEC: SIPC: CFTC (single
stock futures and other financial instruments within CFTC jurisdiction);
Government securities; Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac; Financial exchanges and markets;
Financial derivatives; Accounting standards; Insurance. subcommittee on
financial institutions and consumer protection Banks, savings associations,
credit unions, and other financial institutions; Deposit Insurance; Federal Home
Loan Bank System; Regulatory activities of the Federal Reserve System; OCC,
FDIC, NCUA; E-commerce; Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. subcommittee on
national security and international trade and finance Export and foreign trade
promotion; Export controls; Export financing; International economic policy;
International financial and development institutions; Export-Import Bank;
International Trade Administration; Bureau of Export Administration; Defense
Production Act. subcommittee on economic policy Economic growth, employment and
price stability; Monetary policy, including monetary policy functions of the
Federal Reserve [[Page S435]] System; Financial Stability Oversight Counsel;
Office of Financial Research; Council of Economic Advisors; Money and credit,
including currency, coinage and notes; Control of prices of commodities, rents
and services; Economic stabilization; Financial aid to commerce and industry;
Loan guarantees; Flood insurance; Disaster assistance; Small Business Lending.
subcommittee on housing, transportation, and community development Urban mass
transit, urban affairs and development; Federal Transit Administration; HUD;
Affordable Housing; Foreclosure Mitigation; Mortgage Servicing; HAMP; FHA;
Senior Housing; Nursing home construction; Rural Housing Service; Indian
Housing. SUBCOMMITTEE MEMBERSHIP Unless otherwise noted, Mike Crapo, Chairman,
and Sherrod Brown, Ranking Democratic Member, serve on all subcommittees as
ex-officio, non-voting members. HOUSING, TRANSPORTATION, AND COMMUNITY
DEVELOPMENT Tim Scott, SC, Chairman; Robert Menendez, NJ, Ranking Democratic
Member. Richard C. Shelby, AL; Dean Heller, NV; Mike Rounds, SD; Thom Tillis,
NC; Joe Kennedy, LA; Jack Reed, RI; Heidi Heitkamp, ND; Brian Schatz, HI; Chris
Van Hollen, MD. FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS AND CONSUMER PROTECTION Patrick J.
Toomey, PA, Chairman; Elizabeth Warren, MA, Raking Democratic Member. Richard C.
Shelby, AL; Bob Corker, TN; Dean Heller, NV; Tim Scott, SC; Ben Sasse, NE; Tom
Cotton, AR; David Perdue, GA; John Kennedy, LA; Jack Reed, RI; Jon Tester, MT;
Mark Warner, VA; Joe Donnelly, IN; Brian Schatz, HI; Chris Van Hollen; Catherine
Cortez Masto, NY. SECURITIES, INSURANCE, AND INVESTMENT Dean Heller, NV,
Chairman; Mark Warner, VA, Ranking Democratic Member. Richard C. Shelby, AL; Bob
Corker, TN; Patrick J. Toomey, PA; Tim Scott, SC; Ben Sasse, NE; Mike Rounds,
SD; Thom Tillis, NC; Jack Reed, RI; Robert Menendez, NJ; Jon Tester, MT;
Elizabeth Warren, MA; Chris Van Hollen, MD; Catherine Cortez Masto, NV. NATIONAL
SECURITY AND INTERNATIONAL TRADE AND FINANCE Ben Sasse, NE, Chairman; Joe
Donnelly, IN, Ranking Democratic Member. Bob Corker, TN; Tom Cotton, AR; Mike
Rounds, SD; David Perdue, GA; Mark Warner, VA; Heidi Heitkamp, ND; Brian Schatz,
HI. ECONOMIC POLICY Tom Cotton, AR, Chairman; Heidi Heitkamp, ND, Ranking
Democratic Member. Patrick J. Toomey, PA; David Perdue, GA; Thom Tillis, NC;
John Kennedy, LA; Robert Menendez, NJ; Elizabeth Warren, MA; Joe Donnelly, IN.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               45 of 75 DOCUMENTS


                          Hindustan Times (New Delhi)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 26, 2009 Monday

Steel takes a hit, Corus to slash 3,500 UK jobs

BYLINE: Vijay Dutt, Hindustan Times, New Delhi

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 392 words


Jan. 26--LONDON -- Corus, Britain's largest and world's ninth biggest
steelmaker, which was bought by Tata for Â£6.7 billion two years ago, is
reportedly going to cut up to 3,500 jobs this week. The cut is one of the
biggest setbacks to the faltering sector, but has not come as a surprise.

According to figures released last week by the World Steel Association,
production worldwide dropped by a quarter in December, and this forced Corus to
take the decision sooner than was planned.

Union leaders had been in last-ditch talks with the government in an attempt to
fend off some of the job cuts in the steel industry.

In case of Corus, they pressed ministers to adopt a system offered by the Dutch
government, for its operations in the Netherlands. There the state makes up the
pay of workers put on short working weeks. But so far it was not clear, said the
Sunday Times, whether the Government had accepted it and insisted that Corus
will go ahead with the job cuts. The cuts were reportedly part of a long-term
restructuring plan drawn up by the outgoing chief executive Phillipe Varin.

The only respite in the gloom seems to be that trimming of the workforce is not
going to lead to the closure of any large Corus sites.

"This is not about site closure. This is about making Corus in the UK
competitive," said an industry insider.

The job cuts in Corus is a major incident and will overshadow a likely
announcement by Business Secretary Lord Mandelson of aid for the car industry.

Loan guarantees to car-finance firms will be one of the much-anticipated
measures aimed at kick-starting demand. What will however be of much discussion
in the business circles are further large-scale job losses in Jaguar Land Rover.

About 1,500 lay offs are expected within weeks at JLR. Even Toyota, which had so
far refrained from cuts despite the downturn in the automobile industry, was now
reported to be looking at trimming staff at its UK operations.

To see more of the Hindustan Times or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.hindustantimes.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Hindustan Times, New Delhi
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090126-HJ-Steel-takes-a-hit-Corus-to-slash-3,500-UK-jobs-0126

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HJ


                          Copyright 2009 HT Media Ltd.


                               46 of 75 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     April 30, 2004, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Government role is crucial

BYLINE: John Mica

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 20A

LENGTH: 424 words

Today's debate: Airline regulation

Opposing view: Federal intervention can help prevent disruptions, ensure safety.


The federal government should not be picking winners and losers in the
marketplace, nor should it support failing business dinosaurs. However, it is
responsible for protecting federal interests in our nation's aviation system,
such as ensuring equal access and the continuity of vital interstate commerce,
especially during wartime.


Some have questioned the merits of the financial assistance Congress provided
the airline industry immediately following the 9/11 attacks. The hijackings and
subsequent government shutdown of the entire aviation system were devastating to
the airline industry. Congress acted properly to stabilize the industry and
prevent a collapse of our domestic economy.

The assistance package reimbursed airlines only for direct damages from the
shutdown and newly mandated security costs. Congress had the responsibility to
do so because of intelligence-gathering failures and the need to protect future
flights.

Since then, loan guarantees issued by the administration have provided a
backstop for a severely damaged industry. The loan-guarantee terms were rigid
and ensured that the loans would be used only as a last resort. Only a handful
of guarantees were approved, and no airline has defaulted on a loan. None of the
loans served to supplant conventional aviation financing.

It is the federal government's responsibility to regulate our nation's airspace,
and that becomes more urgent at a time when airlines are predicting a 10%
increase in passenger traffic this summer. When airways and airports become
congested, federal intervention is needed to ensure safety and avoid frustrating
delays. The Department of Transportation (DOT) has the authority to bring
airlines together to reschedule flights -- as it has done at Chicago's O'Hare --
to prevent gridlock.

In a marketplace where the private sector makes economic decisions, the DOT can
and does play a critical role in ensuring competition and the safety of the
flying public.

More than 11% of the U.S. gross domestic product is tied to the aviation
industry, and a major disruption can devastate our nation's businesses and
economic activities. While I prefer a market solution to most problems, there
are times when the federal government must act to ensure the continued safety,
security and prosperity of the nation.

***

Rep. John L. Mica, R-Fla.. is chairman of the House Aviation Subcommittee.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DEBATE

                      Copyright 2004 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               47 of 75 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                              May 14, 2000, Sunday

ENTERPRISE: NO OFFENCE INTENDED ...;
 ... AND NONE GIVEN. ROGER TRAPP LOOKS AT A FIRM THAT HELPS VIDEO GAMES CROSS
LANGUAGE BARRIERS

BYLINE: Roger Trapp

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 777 words


Algy Williams admits he is no linguist. Nor, as a man in his early 40s, is he
likely to have the information technology expertise of some of his youthful
employees. But he has a clear eye for an opportunity. And that skill is giving
his fledgling company a lead in what could be an growth area of the computer
industry.

Mr Williams is the founder of Babel Media, a company that helps the makers of
video and computer games and related products ensure they are fit for various
markets around the world. The need for the service has arisen because the games
makers are realising - like consumer products companies and others before them -
that what works in one country may not work in another.

The language of the computer age might well be English, but it is increasingly
recognised that the internet and other developments will only be taken up in
significant numbers in non-English speaking areas if they are made accessible.
That means, not just translating products into French, German, Spanish and other
languages, but taking care to avoid cultural faux pas and potential causes of
offence.

For example, staff at Babel recently discovered a game where at the end of a set
of instructions the original words, "Thank you and God speed" had been
translated into Italian as "May the God of Speed be with you and protect you".

Mr Williams explains that until about two years ago most games not destined for
the Japanese market were made in Britain or the US and used the English
language. Those that were translated into one of about 10 languages were left
largely unchecked. It was only when European markets started to grow quickly
that the issue began to be taken seriously and companies saw the need to tackle
it.

Mr Williams found himself willing to fulfil that need, having just gone through
the experience of translating into German a game he had developed. "It just grew
from there," he says. That is something of an understatement; in its first year
dedicated to this business, Babel Media had a turnover of about pounds 1m,
making a reasonable profit along the way. Nor are the company's customers to be
sneered at. Toys giant Hasbro, Microsoft, and Eidos, the company responsible for
the fictional character, Lara Croft, have all used the services of Mr Williams
and his team of IT-literate linguists. Not bad going for a company based in an
old perfume factory in the south coast town of Hove. In fact, Mr Williams, who
ran a television post -production company before moving into multimedia in the
early 1990s, does not see his company's location as a drawback. The area around
Brighton, after all, has so many new media and related companies that it has
been nicknamed Silicon Beach, and the local universities and colleges provide a
plentiful supply of the sort of labour he is looking for.

Having got this far, Mr Williams is not about to see it stop there: "We're
looking to double sales this year and grow quite dramatically after that."

So far, the company has been funded from cash flow and about pounds 80,000 in
loans from the Sussex Development Fund, and the Department of Trade and
Industry's loan guarantee scheme. But he is keen to expand much faster to take
advantage of the sudden market growth.

As well as building a presence in the US on the west and east coasts, Mr
Williams wants to establish offices in Europe. "We've got to the stage where
we've proved the market is there, we've proved we can work with blue-chip
clients and we're profitable," he says, adding that the company has the added
appeal of an "incubator" operation looking to take stakes in small firms .

Claiming that the video games market is now "bigger than Hollywood", Mr Williams
would apparently have enough of a pie to seek a share of if he just stuck to
that. But he sees other opportunities too. The online gaming market is expected
to grow to a $ 1.2bn business by next year in the US alone. And he reckons the
"rigorous systems" his company brings to the localisation and testing of
computer games will form the basis of a strong presence online. "We're looking
to provide a high-end consulting service as well as a nuts and bolts
localisation service."

The workforce, which could number 70 to 80 by the next busy run-up to Christmas,
is highly trained and motivated with the aid of share options, but, by Mr
Williams's own admission, the team does make a particularly ruly ship. Even
though the testers wear headphones, the open-plan offices can get noisy enough
to really sound a little like the Biblical tower from which the company takes
its name.

"It's a very exciting time," he says by way of explanation.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Southern comfort: Algy Williams' pounds 1m Sussex company makes sure
video games contain no faux pas ANDREW HASSON

                      Copyright 2000 Independent Print Ltd


                               48 of 75 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                May 10, 1989, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

U.S. Funds Sought for Advanced TV

BYLINE: By PETER T. KILBORN, Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 1, Column 6; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 997 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, May 9


A group speaking for the electronics industry testified today that it would need
at least $1.35 billion in Federal help if it is to build an advanced television
industry capable of taking on Japan and Europe.

The proposal called for Federal spending, subsidized loans and loan guarantees,
and restrictions on foreign access to the American market. It was presented by a
trade group, the American Electronics Association, following a nine-month study
financed by three dozen companies, ranging from A.T.&T., I.B.M. and Motorola to
Apple Computer, Hewlett-Packard and Ovonic Imagings.

Members of Congress greeted many of the particulars receptively, but raised
doubts about the costs. Federal support of that magnitude is certain to face
opposition from the Bush Administration as well.

The Commerce Secretary, Robert A. Mosbacher, who leads the President's efforts
to develop a television industry policy, told the Senate hearing today, ''I
think they're hoping Uncle Sugar will fund it, and I don't think they should
depend on it.''

He granted, however, that ''this may need some additional funds'' and said the
Federal Government could provide smaller quantities like the $30 million of
''seed money'' the Administration is spending for high-definition television
development through a Defense Department procurement agency.

The industry's immediate goal is a 27-inch HDTV set with pictures and sound as
clear as those in movies. The set would sell for $1,500 after production begins
in four or five years. By the year 2000, sales of the sets would reach $4
billion to $8 billion, the industry group predicted, and sales of associated,
trickle-down products might push the industry's annual revenues close to $50
billion at that time.

The industry proposal, along with testimony by Secretary Mosbacher, and the
reaction of Congressmen was another sign that HDTV has become the focal point of
the broader issue of America's decline in world markets and of the broad
Government effort to halt that decline.

''In field after field, America is literally going out of business,'' said
Senator Ernest F. Hollings, Democrat of South Carolina and chairman of the
Commerce Committee, which held today's hearings. He cited studies showing that
American industry's share of the domestic phonograph market had fallen from 90
percent in 1970 to 1 percent now; semiconductors from 89 percent to 64 percent;
audio tape recorders from 40 percent to 1 percent, and color television sets
from 90 percent to 10 percent.

''We do have a problem,'' Mr. Mosbacher said. ''The competitive advantage we had
has evaporated.''

And now in HDTV, the United States is starting late, officials reiterated. Sony
has already made 400 of the sets, and Japan will begin experimental broadcasting
by satellite on July 1. European industry has set the 1992 Olympic Games in
Barcelona as the date for the debut of its HDTV system.

''Americans are just hopping out of the station wagon and looking for the ball
park,'' said Democratic Representative Edward J. Markey, chairman of the House
Telecommmunications subcommittee and a leader in Congress's effort to restore
the domestic industry.

Would Ease Trust Laws

The industry proposal, which resulted from a study by the Boston Consulting
Group, contained several features that enjoy bipartisan support, including a
relaxation of the antitrust laws to permit companies to combine to produce sets
and components. Lawmakers said they expected to use the proposal, along with one
Mr. Mosbacher plans to submit July 1, to guide them in setting an American HDTV
strategy.

''I feel this report, coupled with the one that Secretary Mosbacher promised to
present, form the cornerstone for a consensus on our HDTV policy,'' Mr. Markey
said.  Little skepticism was expressed about the proposal in the Senate hearing,
but any policy that includes Government aid to help one industry more than
others often runs into criticism from conservatives.

''If the Government gets into the business of subsidizing special industries
with loan guarantees or other forms of subsidies, then we're headed down a road
of centrally planned industrial policies,'' said Lawrence A. Kudlow, chief
economist at Bear, Stearns & Company and a former Reagan Administration
economist. He added, ''An industry which cannot get normal private bank loans
and credits is not worthy of Government assistance.''

Foreign Subsidies Cited

Companies maintain that they need Federal help because the investment in the
factories and equipment required to start an HDTV operation costs more than $1
billion and is beyond the resources of any single concern. They argue also that
they compete with foreign industries that are buttressed by large-scale
Government support.

In its proposal, the industry association asked for $500 million in federally
subsidized low-interest loans, and Government guarantees of another $500 million
in loans to help a consortium of companies, called the Advanced Television
Corporation. The group would work together under relaxed antitrust laws to build
factories to produce advanced television products. The loans would supplement
funds that the industry would contribute.

It asks for $100 million a year for three years in funds for the Defense
Advanced Research Projects Agency, which is now parceling out $30 million for
HDTV research. The funds would be used for additional research and development
for the picture tubes, special semiconductors and other components the sets
would require. A separate Commerce Department agency, the National Institute for
Standards and Technology, would be granted a minimum of $50 million over three
years to help industry to pay for prototype HDTV systems.

The only major American manufacturer of television sets, the Zenith Electronics
Corporation, did not contribute to the study's financing. But a spokesman, John
Taylor, said that on the basis of news reports, ''it appears consistent with our
position.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                               49 of 75 DOCUMENTS


                  The Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 1, 2010 Wednesday

Funding secured for old Willsboro School transformation

BYLINE: Alvin Reiner, The Press-Republican, Plattsburgh, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 892 words


Sept. 01--WILLSBORO -- Life will be coming back to the old Willsboro School as
the Champlain Valley Senior Community.

A USDA Business and Industry Loan guarantee of about $6 million through the
American Recovery Act has allowed local developer Eli Schwartzberg to find
financing for the project.

"It's so great to finally get this project financed," he said. "It will be a
wonderful place for senior citizens in the Adirondacks to call home."

ROOMS WITH A VIEW

Plans for the historic 1927 structure call for a 62-room assisted-living
facility for senior citizens that will feature amenities such as a kitchen with
cafeteria, beauty salon, craft room, chapel and library, and recreational
facilities. The rooms, with 80 percent of them offering a view of the Boquet
River, will feature 14-foot high ceilings, large windows and original hardwood
floors that will be preserved through the renovation process.

Environmental and energy-saving considerations are a part of the plan, with
insulation in the walls and roof, energy-efficient lighting and a pellet boiler.

2011 OPENING EYED

The first step will be the removal of old flooring and some partitions, though
Schwartzberg anticipates 85 percent of the walls will remain.

Since most of the work is interior, construction can continue throughout the
winter.

The renovations will take a year to complete, with an anticipated opening in
December 2011, he said.

jobs

In addition to filling a need for affordable senior-citizen housing, the
facility will bring about 30 full-time jobs to the community, which has seen a
decline in employment opportunities during the past few years.

"We're saving this beautiful building, which has served three generations, as
well as providing a non-polluting, socially acceptable business to the
Adirondacks," Schwartzberg said.

AFFORDABLE HOUSING

Little activity has taken place at the school in recent years, aside from
maintenance and raising the flag. It has been the site of firefighter training
and was used as a location in the locally produced film "Fish Ladder."

For the most part, the hallowed halls have remained silent.

Locals are making plenty of happy noise now.

"I think it's a great opportunity, and I think Eli will succeed," said Willsboro
Town Council member Steve Benway.

"This project is a positive addition to our community not only for the seniors
but perhaps to allow for other families to settle here.

"It's also a good thing that the school will be used for something, rather than
have it sit there and deteriorate."

Councilor Nancy Huestis echoed Benway's sentiments.

"From the town's point of view, it couldn't be better, especially for the
economic impact it will have. It's so much better than seeing the old school
rotting there. We also need more affordable housing for our senior citizens.

"I'm so thrilled that this young man (Schwartzberg) has been able to get this
together. He has worked his butt off."

CONVENIENT SITE

Schwartzberg, born and raised in Saranac Lake, owns and operates Stonebrook
Properties L.L.C.

"There is no place I'd rather pursue my career than the Adirondack Park," he
said.

"There has been extremely strong interest from seniors from all over the region.
We expect it to fill up very quickly." Town Council member Charlie Lustig called
it a "great project. It has pluses all around. It would have been a large
expense to the community to tear down the Old School. We not only create
employment, but it enhances the appearance of everything."

Mike Conway, executive director of the Adirondack Economic Development Corp.,
has worked side by side with Schwartzberg in obtaining financing.

"This is an adaptive re-use of a key historical structure," Conway said. "It's
the type of project for which we want to lend our support. It has a functional
use, which will be a benefit to the community. When I first met with Eli a year
ago, it was apparent to me that this was the type of entrepreneur we want to
assist in the Adirondacks."

HISTORIC SITE

The property, which includes the 42,000-square-foot building as well as nine
acres in two parcels, is located on School Street, which borders the Boquet
riverfront. Commercial, social, medical and historical amenities are all within
a short distance, which adds to the practicality of having a senior-living
facility located at the site. Additionally, it is adjacent to Nature Conservancy
land and thus affords nearby natural beauty.

The structure has also been added to the National Register of Historic Places,
which will help with tax credits for the renovation.

"The project has been a large undertaking, and we are confident that the
benefits will be well worth the effort," Schwartzberg said.

"Once complete, the community will be one of the most modern and attractive
senior-housing communities in the Adirondack Park. It's been like climbing a
tall mountain, but we're getting there."

E-mail Alvin Reiner at:

rondackrambler@yahoo.com

To see more of The Press-Republican or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.pressrepublican.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Press-Republican,
Plattsburgh, N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20100901-ZI-Funding-secured-for-old-Willsboro-School-transformation-0901-2010090
1

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZI


                      Copyright 2010 The Press-Republican


                               50 of 75 DOCUMENTS

                                Birmingham Post

                            November 3, 2000, Friday

BA RISES ABOVE STOCK MARKET TURBULENCE

SECTION: Pg. 20

LENGTH: 479 words


Hefty falls in big-hitting telecom and oil businesses drove the London market
lower yesterday.

The FTSE-100 index was 65.6 points lower at 6392, following a rollercoaster day
which saw it bounce between a 28-point gain and a 74-point deficit.

Heavyweight stock Vodafone, whose movement can dictate the direction of the
market, dropped nearly nine per cent - off 233/4p at 253p.

Analysts thought the fall could be partly due to concerns over earnings figures
due later this month.

Other telecoms fallers were BT, 28p lower at 762p, Colt Telecom, 75p down at
pounds 21, Telewest Communications which bought south of England rival Eurobell
down 11/4p at 1231/1p, and Energis, 6p lighter at 543p.

Oil stocks also took a battering, following Royal Dutch/Shell releasing third
-quarter figures. The group reported record profits for the three months on the
back of the oil price rise, but Shell shares dropped 20p to 542p.

Analysts attributed the fall to concerns about future growth if oil prices fall,
as they are widely predicted to do.

Despite the large profits, some said the income figures had come in at the lower
end of expectations.

Rival BP Amoco, which sees its own third-quarter figures fall under scrutiny
next week, also suffered, down 15p at 582p.

Bucking the trend was British Airways, up seven per cent on good expectations
for its half-year results announcement due on Monday. Shares rose 213/4p to
3333/4p. Property developer Land Securities was up 49p at 766p after announcing
it was to buy outsourcing business Trillium Investments in a pounds 330 million
deal.

The news from chemicals giant ICI that it is to slash its dividend failed to
spook the market and its shares slipped a marginal 10p at 427p.

But chemist chain Boots was having a less pleasant time - off four per cent, or
241/1p, at 5361/1p, despite saying its strategy to revamp the group and slash
costs was reaping results.

Among smaller stocks, upmarket department store group Selfridges rose 11/1p at
2981/1p as it fleshed out plans for the redevelopment programme of its flagship
store in London's Oxford Street.

British shipbuilder Cammell Laird sailed up nearly seven per cent, rising 5p to
80p, after announcing it had won a contract to build two cruise liners, the
first to be made in the UK for more than 25 years.

Cammell Laird said the pounds 344 million deal was conditional on the granting
of funding by the Department of Trade and Industry and of loan guarantees.

The biggest Footsie risers were British Airways, up 213/4p at 3333/4p, Land
Securities, up 49p at 766p, Hilton, up 121/1p at 204p, Spirent, up 381/1p at
6881/1p, and Bank of Scotland, up 32p at 676p.

Fallers were Vodafone, down 233/4p at 253p, Boots, down 241/1p at 5361/1p,
Shell, down 20p at 542p, BT, down 28p at 762p, and BSkyB, down 36p at pounds
10.04.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2000 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                               51 of 75 DOCUMENTS

                                Birmingham Post

                            November 3, 2000, Friday

BA RISES ABOVE STOCK MARKET TURBULENCE

SECTION: Pg. 20

LENGTH: 479 words


Hefty falls in big-hitting telecom and oil businesses drove the London market
lower yesterday.

The FTSE-100 index was 65.6 points lower at 6392, following a rollercoaster day
which saw it bounce between a 28-point gain and a 74-point deficit.

Heavyweight stock Vodafone, whose movement can dictate the direction of the
market, dropped nearly nine per cent - off 233/4p at 253p.

Analysts thought the fall could be partly due to concerns over earnings figures
due later this month.

Other telecoms fallers were BT, 28p lower at 762p, Colt Telecom, 75p down at
pounds 21, Telewest Communications which bought south of England rival Eurobell
down 11/4p at 1231/1p, and Energis, 6p lighter at 543p.

Oil stocks also took a battering, following Royal Dutch/Shell releasing third
-quarter figures. The group reported record profits for the three months on the
back of the oil price rise, but Shell shares dropped 20p to 542p.

Analysts attributed the fall to concerns about future growth if oil prices fall,
as they are widely predicted to do.

Despite the large profits, some said the income figures had come in at the lower
end of expectations.

Rival BP Amoco, which sees its own third-quarter figures fall under scrutiny
next week, also suffered, down 15p at 582p.

Bucking the trend was British Airways, up seven per cent on good expectations
for its half-year results announcement due on Monday. Shares rose 213/4p to
3333/4p. Property developer Land Securities was up 49p at 766p after announcing
it was to buy outsourcing business Trillium Investments in a pounds 330 million
deal.

The news from chemicals giant ICI that it is to slash its dividend failed to
spook the market and its shares slipped a marginal 10p at 427p.

But chemist chain Boots was having a less pleasant time - off four per cent, or
241/1p, at 5361/1p, despite saying its strategy to revamp the group and slash
costs was reaping results.

Among smaller stocks, upmarket department store group Selfridges rose 11/1p at
2981/1p as it fleshed out plans for the redevelopment programme of its flagship
store in London's Oxford Street.

British shipbuilder Cammell Laird sailed up nearly seven per cent, rising 5p to
80p, after announcing it had won a contract to build two cruise liners, the
first to be made in the UK for more than 25 years.

Cammell Laird said the pounds 344 million deal was conditional on the granting
of funding by the Department of Trade and Industry and of loan guarantees.

The biggest Footsie risers were British Airways, up 213/4p at 3333/4p, Land
Securities, up 49p at 766p, Hilton, up 121/1p at 204p, Spirent, up 381/1p at
6881/1p, and Bank of Scotland, up 32p at 676p.

Fallers were Vodafone, down 233/4p at 253p, Boots, down 241/1p at 5361/1p,
Shell, down 20p at 542p, BT, down 28p at 762p, and BSkyB, down 36p at pounds
10.04.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 2000 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                               52 of 75 DOCUMENTS


                                Birmingham Post

                            August 30, 2012 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Back automotive sector to drive us out of harm's way

BYLINE: DAVIDBAILEY

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 1226 words


The UK's deficit on trade in goods widened to £10.1 billion in June, with
exports down by 8.4 per cent and imports by 1.2 per cent. The deficit was well
in excess of that predicted by 'experts', and was the worst figure since the
current run of trade stats started in 1997. Moreover, the trade gap for the
second quarter (which gives a better picture of trade trends than volatile
monthly figures) rose from £7.8 billion to £11.2 billion. In the three months to
June, the overall value of exports fell by 2.7 per cent, while imports were
largely stable.

The bad news came as a blow for a government which has been pinning hopes on
exports helping to drag Britain out of recession. It also prompted calls for the
government to provide more support for exporters struggling with falling demand
overseas.

Yet there is one manufacturing industry that has bounced back after the
2008-2009 recession, that has helped 'rebalance' the economy, and that has
exported its way out of trouble. But rather than 'march of the makers' think
'drive of the makers', as the industry concerned is the UK car industry.

Between 2009 and 2011, UK car output rose from 1.1 million to 1.45 million
units, with over 80 per cent of cars produced in the UK being exported. Car
exports are up by 10 per cent so far in 2012 and in the first quarter of this
year the UK actually posted a quarterly trade surplus in cars for the first time
since the mid-1970s, with the value of exports exceeding imports by £564
million.

And 2012 as a whole may well turn out to be first year in over a quarter of
century in which the UK runs a trade surplus. In comparison, the UK ran a trade
deficit on cars of £1 billion in 2011 and a whopping £7.5 billion in 2007.

In the past 18 months, multinational car firms have committed over £5.5 billion
of investment to projects in the UK. The remarkable success is in stark contrast
with what's unfolding in the rest of the European industry, where the market is
at a 15 year low.

A combination of weak demand and huge over-capacity has left much of the
European owned industry in a state of crisis. Only the German firms of
Volkswagen, BMW and Daimler are making serious money. Opel, Peugeot, Ford and
Fiat are all bleeding red ink, with Renault just managing - for now - to break
even. Some analysts expect a much-awaited grand restructuring of the European
auto industry. Others sigh and expect it to just muddle on as usual as it has
done for decades.

While all of the assembly operations in the UK contribute to exports, with some
70 per cent of exports to the Eurozone, it's the premium sector in particular
which been driving the recent rapid growth in exports. This is courtesy of a new
middle class emerging in economies such as China keen to show off its recently
earned wealth, and which has been doing it by driving Rolls-Royces, Bentleys and
Range Rovers.

It's a little known fact that the UK car industry is the second largest producer
of premium cars in the world after Germany, and accounts for around a third of
UK car output. But given the higher value of its cars, this premium sector
accounts for a higher share of the value of exports.

If you're still wondering exactly what constitutes this premium sector, think of
high-value high-design content brands such as JLR, Rolls-Royce, Bentley and
Aston Martin right through to MINI as a premium small car.

While the recent surge in output is still well below the most recent historical
peak of just under two million cars at the end of the 1990s, it's very much
moving in the right direction, and what's interesting is that the
inflation-adjusted value of the average car produced in the UK has risen by some
30 per cent over the past 15 years, reflecting the shift up market.

Jaguar Land Rover has been the star performer this year, with second quarter
sales to China up by 91 per cent. The boom in sales of Evoques in particular to
China has been critical in underpinning JLR's heavy investment to expand
production at its Halewood plant, hiring an additional 1,000 and going to a
threeshift, 24/7 operation.

Halewood hasn't had night-shifts since it was churning out Ford Escorts back in
the 1990s, and has never seen 24/7 working. Three shifts a day aren't exactly
common across Europe's stagnating auto industry, with the exception of German
firms doing well or at new entrants like Hyundai-Kia. But here in the UK the
booming industry has had to gear up to meet demand, with Nissan at Sunderland
already on three shifts and JLR at Halewood and GM at Ellesmere Port set to
follow over the next few year.

The export of premium cars to emerging economies is key to this growth success.

So much so that while JLR would still be profitable without China, it wouldn't
be anywhere near as exciting given that sales there now top over 50,000 a year.

Meanwhile, a 25 to 30 per cent depreciation of sterling over 2008 to 2009
provided a huge boost to competitiveness, making exports much cheaper in
overseas markets. Whilst a half of this has been unwound this year (with the
pound up 15 per cent against the euro), that still leaves the UK a more
competitive place than it was back in 2007 and has been a key reason for rising
exports and the wave of investment witnessed over the past 18 months.

More broadly, while the success of the UK industry comes down to plants here
producing cars that people want to drive, behind this statement-of-the-obvious
are a whole series of factors. What's left of the UK car industry is
fundamentally efficient, having been through painful restructuring from the
1970s onwards. Plants like Sunderland, Halewood and Ellesmere Port are amongst
the most efficient in the world when operating at full tilt.

And firms with big demand for their goods have been able to sweat their assets
to meet rising demand. Workers and unions were a key part of JLR getting through
the last recession, and more recently in agreeing to work more flexibly at
Castle Bromwich in return for major new investment. Similarly GM workers and
management at Ellesmere Port and Luton pulled out all the stops to keep
production in the UK and to make it as efficient as possible. Unions are now
very much part of the solution, not the problem.

Last but not least it should be stressed that industrial policy has helped - up
to a point. The last government put a floor under the market through its
scrappage scheme and offered loan guarantees to underpin big investments by
firms such as Ford and Nissan. These have been continued by the current
government which has also bought together key actors in the Automotive Council
to find ways to boost growth in the industry.

But more needs to be done. Access to finance remains problematic in parts of the
supply chain, for example in tooling up to meet new demand. Whether it's some
form of industry loan guarantee fund or a more generic small business investment
bank, something needs to be done. Better capital allowances could underpin
further investment, and more support for exporters is needed. Put together this
could enable the supply chain to seize the opportunities on offer. An enhanced
industrial policy for the car industry wouldn't so much be about 'picking
winners' but rather backing them.

Professor David Bailey works at Coventry Business School

Weak demand and huge over-capacity has left much of the European owned industry
in a state of '' crisis

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The manufacturing success story that is Jaguar Land Rover has boosted
the economy - but failings elsewhere mean the UK trade deficit widened

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BMP


               Copyright 2012 Midland Independent Newspapers plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                               53 of 75 DOCUMENTS

                                  The Observer

                                 April 18 1993

Business: MacGregor to reject US call for 'open skies'

BYLINE: GEORGE PARKER-JERVIS

SECTION: Pg. 25

LENGTH: 368 words


TRANSPORT Secretary John MacGregor will resist US demands for greater access to
Heathrow when he meets President Bill Clinton's transportation secretary
Federico Pena in London tomorrow.

MacGregor is expected to insist that any move towards an 'open skies' regime
would require concessions on investments in US airlines by UK carriers, which
are currently barred from taking more than a 25 per cent stake.


He is also likely to deflect the clamour over Heathrow by listing the advantages
of other airports such as Stansted. American Airlines' decision to cease flying
to Stansted at the end of May is understood to have disappointed Whitehall
officials.

Sources close to MacGregor maintain that capacity at Heathrow is limited and
there is no question of an upheaval in scheduling to accommodate American
requests for more slots.

Pena is likely to stress that the US administration co-operated when British
Airways was provisionally granted permission last month to take a 20 per cent
stake in USAir for dollars 300 million. With this ground-breaking deal, which
will give BA access to the lucrative US domestic market, Washington may well
feel it is time for MacGregor to return the favour.

But neither side expects a decision tomorrow, which is the first meeting between
MacGregor and his opposite number. President Clinton has signalled he will
support the US airline industry with loan guarantees and tax breaks. Foreign
investment will be permitted if the US wins greater access to foreign markets.
Major carriers such as American, Delta and United Airlines claim that European
governments are wrapping state-owned operators in protective red tape.

MacGregor is anxious to hear more about US plans to reform the industry.
Congress is setting up a commission which will have 90 days to report on the US
airline business.

Some observers believe the US should discuss an 'open skies' policy with EC
officials in Brussels, rather than duplicate effort on a series of bilateral
talks. But MacGregor is said to feel that bilateral arrangements will remain the
norm in the industry, given the EC's lack of manpower to cope with the
complexities of the issue.

Bazaar, page 29

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 1993 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                               54 of 75 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                           September 18, 2009 Friday
                                 Final Edition

AbitibiBowater orders new cuts; Union says closings could have been prevented

BYLINE: The Gazette; Reuters

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 217  words


Forest products giant AbitibiBowater Inc. said yesterday it is suspending
production indefinitely at four mills in  eastern Canada as it adjusts to
steeply falling international demand for newsprint and commercial printing
papers.

The company, in court protection from creditors in Canada and the U.S. since
last April, had warned more production cuts were on the way. It has already cut
about one million tonnes of annual capacity in the past year.

The digital printing paper mill in Beaupre, near Quebec City, will be shut down
completely Oct. 31 at a cost of 340 jobs.

One of its two newsprint plants at Clermont, east of Quebec City, will be shut
down, leaving 120 workers out of a job.

A commercial printing operation at Fort Frances, Ont., will be closed at a cost
of 75 jobs, and in Brooklyn, N.S., newsprint production will be halved, reducing
working hours for 300.

At a Bowater plant at Coosa Pines in Alabama, newsprint production will be
slowed and 85 workers will be laid off.

The union representing Canadian mill workers, the Communications, Energy and
Paperworkers also blasted what it said was the Canadian government's failure to
help the industry with loan guarantees that would aid companies hit by the tight
credit market.

"These closures were preventable," union president Dave Coles said.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2009 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               55 of 75 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                        June 20, 2016 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Greenyug Announces US Midwest Biobased Chemical Plant

LENGTH: 587  words


June 20 -- Greenyug, LLC today announced that it will build an industrial scale
Ethyl Acetate manufacturing facility adjacent to Archer Daniels Midland
Company's (NYSE: ADM) wet mill corn processing facilities in Columbus, Nebraska.
Greenyug has formed a subsidiary, Prairie Catalytic, LLC, that will own and
operate the facility. Prairie Catalytic has recently executed a Conditional
Commitment with the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Rural
Development for a loan guarantee under its Business & Industry Loan Guarantee
program. This facility will position it as a renewable supplier of Ethyl
Acetate. ADM's corn wet mill in Columbus will supply the project with bioethanol
feedstock and other services. Construction of the facility is anticipated to
start in late 2016 with production set to begin about a year later.

"At Greenyug, we see bioethanol as an excellent feedstock to produce value added
bio-based chemicals such as Ethyl Acetate. Securing a reliable and efficient
source of quality raw materials is one of the final steps in scaling Greenyug's
patented Ethyl Acetate technology. We are excited to locate our facility next to
ADM's world-class corn processing plant." said Sagar B. Gadewar, Ph.D.,
Greenyug's President and Chief Executive Officer. "We look forward to the
Prairie Catalytic plant satisfying market demand for renewable specialty
chemicals manufactured in a sustainable, environmentally sound, and
cost-competitive manner."

"Agreements like this help us maximize the utilization of our corn processing
assets and allow us to deliver greater value for our shareholders," said Paul
Woolard, director of commercial development for ADM. "We are excited to work
with partners like Prairie Catalytic to bring new innovations like biobased
ethyl acetate to the market."

"We are excited that Greenyug, LLC. has chosen Columbus, Nebraska, as the site
of its next manufacturing plant," said Governor Pete Ricketts. "Their
substantial investment and the many high-paying, quality jobs will have a major
positive impact on the community, along with their decision to locate next to
Archer Daniels Midland Company's Columbus facilities which could pave the way
for a potential value-added campus in the future."

Greenyug developed its patented technology at its Santa Barbara, California
Research Facility and continued the scale-up at its fully integrated
demonstration plant in India. Greenyug has developed a proprietary platform to
add value to bioethanol by upgrading it into a variety of bio-based chemicals
with broad market appeal. Greenyug Ethyl Acetate, the first of such products, is
a widely marketed specialty solvent used extensively in products such as paints,
coatings, pharmaceuticals, adhesives and a variety of consumer goods. Ethyl
Acetate has a global market of more than $4 Billion. The market for Ethyl
Acetate is growing faster than GDP because of its desirable properties. Greenyug
Ethyl Acetate will be the first commercially available in industrial quantities
to be entirely sourced from renewable feedstock. Greenyug will present its
technology at the Fuel Ethanol Workshop and National Advanced Biofuel Conference
held in Milwaukee, WI on June 22nd. Heartland Bank, headquartered in Little
Rock, Arkansas is serving as the lender of record for the Columbus project.
Stern Brothers & Co., a women-owned business enterprise headquartered in St.
Louis, Missouri, is serving as financial advisor to Greenyug LLC and placement
agent for the project financing.

Source: Greenyug

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                               56 of 75 DOCUMENTS



                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                           January 28, 2009 Wednesday

National: Mandelson offers car industry £2.3bn in loans: Lending aimed at only
'potentially' green firms: Union says aid falls far below European funding

BYLINE: Patrick Wintour Political editor

SECTION: GUARDIAN HOME PAGES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 558 words


Lord Mandelson, the business secretary, offered his first subsidies to protect
British industry from the ravages of the recession when yesterday he unlocked
£2.3bn in loan guarantees for the ailing car industry, including £1.3bn in loans
from the European Investment Bank.

The aid is significantly smaller than the help planned in France and Germany,
reflecting the relatively smaller size of the car industry in the UK.

In an attempt to soothe markets and forestall other industries overwhelming his
department with requests for aid, Mandelson said the cost of the car aid would
come from existing commitments made in the pre-budget report last autumn. But he
did not rule out help for other ailing industries in future.

Defending yesterday's move Mandelson said the industry was "not a lame duck";
this was "no bail-out".

The loans are designed to help a "high technology" and potentially green
industry, two of the key criteria for state aid under Mandelson's brand of
industrial activism. The pharmaceuticals industry is probably next in line for
help.

Mandelson said that further, similar, aid would apply only to strategic
industries or firms with a substantial employment and regional impact. He
promised £1bn in loan guarantees direct from government for firms with a
turnover of £25m to help future investments, and government moves that would
unlock £1.3bn European Investment Bank aid.

At the moment most car firms, having insufficient credit ratings, cannot secure
a loan worth more than £200m from the EIB fund without government guarantees.
But EU competition rules allow subsidies for green industries. The loan
guarantees would last a maximum of two years, and be considered case by case.

The car industry broadly welcomed the measures but was concerned that some of
the aid would take too long to be cleared by the European commission.

There was disappointment that there was no promise of aid for the finance arms
of car firms, but instead that Lord Mervyn Davies, the industry minister, would
see if the industry could get access to the Bank of England's special liquidity
scheme.

The department also said it was studying car scrapping schemes, such as those in
France and Germany which give direct aid to consumers getting rid of old,
fuel-inefficient cars to buy new, more environmentally friendly, vehicles. UK
car and truck production fell 49% in December, the largest fall since August
1979.

Mandelson told peers the auto industry's output was falling faster and further
than any other sector since the summer. "In future we need less financial
engineering and more real engineering," he said.

Tony Woodley, general secretary of Unite, said the offer was "a massive
disappointment" to workers and "a fraction of the support being given by almost
every other government in Europe".

Ken Clarke, the shadow business secretary, said the proposals were "too late,
pretty small beer" and "revealed a government that was not responding to events
that were deteriorating by the week".

The Society of Motor Manufacturers will press Mandelson on the details of the
scheme at a specially convened meeting, asking how quickly the aid could arrive.

David Smith, chief executive of Jaguar Land Rover, welcomed the help, pointing
out that the challenge faced was that credit had "dried up at the same time as
demand had evaporated".

Simon Jenkins, page 29 >=

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               57 of 75 DOCUMENTS


                          The Montana Standard (Butte)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 27, 2010 Wednesday

MSE gets loan from U.S.D.A

BYLINE: Tim Trainor, The Montana Standard, Butte

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 287 words


Oct. 27--Butte-based MSE Technology Applications Inc.

is one of 15 companies across the country to receive loan

guarantees from the Department of Agriculture -

through a program that hopes to create and save jobs.

MSE received the  $5.6 million loan from Granite

Mountain Bank,which is based in Philipsburg. It is guaranteed by the Department
of Agriculture's Business and Industry Loan Guarantee

Program.

MSE's chief executive  officer Jeff Ruffner had no

comment on receiving the loan.

Matt Jones, state director of the USDA Rural Development

Program, said the money allows the company to

restructure its existing debt while providing working

MSE gets loan from U.S.D.A. $5.6 million allows for

restructuring of debt capital.

"A number of deals that we've seen this year are companies looking to refinance
shorter-term loans," said Jones.

"This (program) allows companies to refinance their debt for a longer term and
reduce their payments."

Jim Smitham, executive director of the Butte Local Development Corp., said two
short-term loans the BLDC made to the company were repaid upon MSE's receipt of
the USDA-backed funds. Smitham said he was happy the BLDC could step in and
provide short-term

financing for a longstanding local company.

Contact Tim Trainor at tim.trainor@mtstandard.com

To see more of The Montana Standard, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.mtstandard.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Montana Standard, Butte
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101027-BU-MSE-gets-loan-from-U-S-D-A-1027-20101027

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BU


                      Copyright 2010 The Montana Standard


                               58 of 75 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 11, 2015 Wednesday

President's Budget Emphasizes Fuel Cycle, Used Fuel Programs

LENGTH: 898  words

DATELINE: Washington


Nuclear Energy Institute has issued the following press release:

The Department of Energy's fiscal 2016 budget proposal seeks to re-impose a
multibillion-dollar tax for the cleanup of three DOE-owned uranium enrichment
facilities, a move the nuclear energy industry deplores as redundant and unfair.
But other aspects of the budget are more in line with industry goals.

This year marks the sixth time the Obama administration has requested
reinstatement of the decontamination and decommissioning tax, even though
Congress has consistently turned it back.

"We recognize that the federal government has significant budget pressures, but
reinstating unjustified taxes on utility rate payers who have met their funding
obligation while the government has failed to meet its own is outrageously
unfair," NEI Senior Vice President for Governmental Affairs Alex Flint said.
"The uranium enrichment D&D tax proposal should be dead on arrival in Congress."

In other areas, the budget requests $62 million to continue supporting
certification and licensing assistance for the small reactor design being
developed by NuScale under a cost-share public-private partnership with DOE.

The overall fiscal 2016 budget proposal for DOE's Office of Nuclear Energy is
$907.5 million. The request is 9 percent higher than the $863 million requested
for fiscal 2015 and slightly below the $913.5 million enacted by Congress.

The Nuclear Regulatory Commission budget proposal of $1.03 billion is 1.7
percent higher than the enacted budget. Ninety percent of NRC's budget is
recouped via fees from the nuclear energy industry.

Flint said the NRC's oversight priorities merit "close scrutiny" by Congress,
given the industry's strong safety performance and the fact that utilities'
plans for new nuclear generating capacity are still being shaped by the
recession's lingering effects.

"We urge Congress to insist upon NRC adherence to its principles of good
regulation so that nuclear energy facilities can most safely and effectively
meet their customers' need for reliable, clean air power supplies," Flint said.
The industry's priority to ensure public safety "is being challenged by the
surplus of nonessential regulations and directives the NRC has imposed over the
past decade," he said.

Most DOE programs only saw modest changes. However, the administration requested
$217.7 million for fuel cycle R&D, a $20.7 million increase from the $197
million enacted for fiscal 2015.

The budget also zeroes out DOE and NRC programs to train the next generation of
nuclear industry workers and advance nuclear energy education, a move Flint said
makes "no sense." It would eliminate university programs that support
scholarships, fellowships and junior faculty at four-year institutions and
community colleges. The administration has consistently cut these programs,
though Congress has just as consistently provided about $5 million annually.
Used Nuclear Fuel

The administration is requesting $108 million to develop one or more facilities
for used fuel and high-level radioactive waste management using consent-based
siting as recommended by the Blue Ribbon Commission on America's Nuclear Future
in 2012. This represents a significant boost from the $79 million proposed for
fiscal 2015. An additional $3 million is proposed to fund research into disposal
options for some of DOE's high-level waste and used fuel. The administration
included no funds to continue the Yucca Mountain licensing process but proposes
using $24 million from the Nuclear Waste Fund for generic process development
and other non-R&D activities related to used fuel storage, transportation and
disposal.

The administration requests $345 million to continue construction of DOE's Mixed
Oxide Fuel Fabrication Facility in South Carolina, a turnabout from the fiscal
2015 proposal to put the facility into cold standby while DOE researched options
for disposal of surplus plutonium. Congress last year turned back the idea and
funded the facility's continued construction. The MOX fuel, which would be
fabricated from recycled surplus defense-origin plutonium and uranium, is
potentially a fuel for the domestic nuclear energy industry.
Loan Guarantees

Funding for DOE's loan guarantee program remains consistent in this budget
request, with $18.5 billion authority. Last year DOE finalized the first nuclear
energy-specific loan guarantee of  $6.5 billion to Southern Co. and its partners
to help finance the construction of two new reactors at the Plant Vogtle site in
Georgia.

Loan guarantees are not an actual appropriation and, therefore, do not represent
an outlay of taxpayer dollars when the projects they support are successfully
completed. The guarantees aim to boost investor confidence and allow worthy
projects to obtain financing on more reasonable terms that ultimately will lower
the cost of electricity generated by the projects. For nuclear power projects,
recipients must pay a substantial origination fee, negotiations over which
delayed final approval for the Southern Co. loan guarantee.

The accompanying chart shows DOE's budget numbers in categories relevant to the
nuclear energy industry. It will appear in Nuclear Energy Overview periodically,
revised to follow the federal appropriations process through the year.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               59 of 75 DOCUMENTS


                            Crain's Detroit Business

                               September 29, 2008

Auto supplier stock battered in wake of Wall Street woes

BYLINE: Ryan Beene

LENGTH: 649 Words


Shares of Michigan auto suppliers' stock tumbled last week as Wall Street's
malaise and a possible $700 billion taxpayer-financed bailout dominated
headlines

Seven out of 11 local publicly traded auto suppliers covered by Crain's saw
their stock lose more than 12 percent of its value between Monday and Thursday
last week.

Van Buren Township-based Visteon Corp. (NYSE: VC) saw its shares fall from $3.68
to $2.29 between Monday morning and Friday's closing bell.

In the same time frame, Detroit-based American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings
Inc. (NYSE: AAM) shares dropped from $7.61 to $6.32, and Livonia-based TRW
Automotive Holdings Corp. (NYSE: TRW) stock fell from $19.47 to $16.71.

Southfield-based Federal-Mogul Corp. (NASDAQ: FMDL) shares fell from $14.88 to
$13.25. Northville-based Amerigon Inc. opened at $8.24 Monday and closed Friday
at $7.33.

Southfield-based Lear Corp. (NYSE: LEA) shares fell from $14.10 when trading
opened Monday to $11.75 at Friday's close. Auburn Hills-based BorgWarner Inc.
(NYSE: BWA) dropped from $37.64 to $32.46. Both companies hit their 52-week lows
in trading on Friday.

Michael Wall, director of North American advisory services for CSM Worldwide
Inc., says typically a swing in a company's stock price one way or another can
be tied to a company announcement, such as an earnings report, or monthly auto
sales numbers.

But with the current volatility of the market, all bets are off.

``There is literally chaos in the market right now,'' he said.

Uncertainty created by the failure of venerable Wall Street firms Lehman
Brothers., Merrill Lynch and, most recently, Washington Mutual's federal seizure
and subsequent sale to JPMorgan Chase & Co. on Thursday, as well as the hiccup
in drafting the $700 billion financial industry bailout designed to save
troubled Wall Street firms, transcends any perceived stability, Wall said.

But it's even more troublesome for the auto industry.

``This kind of uncertainty, it wreaks havoc with everybody, but when you're
talking about manufacturing stocks, entities that have been under general
distress already, an auto market that's under pressure right now, and the
general housing market, it's not surprising we're seeing this kind of
volatility,'' Wall said.

Kim Korth, president of Grand Rapids-based auto industry analysis firm IRN Inc.,
agrees, but says investors are looking beyond the surface at other sectors in
the troubled auto industry impacted by the recent economic turmoil.

``The center of it is certainly the financial credit implosion we're having at
the moment, but where all the attention has been on the financial companies and
the OEMs. I think people are now beginning to look at, `So what are the
secondary factors that are affected by that kind of change?' '' she said.

Korth says the biggest concern is a drawn-out shortage of credit. Combine that
with a housing market expected to improve little in 2009, and consumers are
likely to forego large durable goods purchases like cars and trucks.

Supplier stocks are being hit now because they may be viewed as overvalued by
investors.

And while Korth does not agree that suppliers are overvalued, she did
acknowledge that perception is likely affecting the share price of these
companies.

Shelly Lombard, an analyst with New York-based ratings firm Gimme Credit Inc.,
says auto supplier stocks, along with automakers, may have been run-up in value
as discussions of the government's $25 billion auto industry loan guarantee
program gained momentum, giving shares more room to fall.

But more of a factor, she says, is the pressure faced by many suppliers from
nearly nonexistent credit market, a down housing market, high gas prices and
slow vehicle sales.

``It's a troubled sector in a troubled market,'' Lombard said. ``Auto hasn't
traded well for a while, but if you look around the market and think, `OK, what
can I buy that's defensive?'... it's not auto.''

Ry

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: db


                      Copyright 2008 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                               60 of 75 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 10, 2016 Monday

Regulatory update: FERC has submitted Order Approving Documentation of Project
Financing re BMB Enterprises, Inc. under P-6764.

LENGTH: 591  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, The Government of USA has
published the following document:



 157 FERC &para; 62,023

 UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

 FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION

 BMB Enterprises, Inc. Project No. 6764-041

 ORDER APPROVING DOCUMENTATION OF PROJECT FINANCING

 (Issued October 7, 2016)



 1. On October 3, 2016, BMB Enterprises, Inc., licensee for the Sixmile Creek

 Hydroelectric Project No. 6764, filed documentation of project financing
pursuant to

 Article 206 of the Order Amending License and Revising Annual Charges.1 When

 constructed, the project would be located on Sixmile Creek, in Sanpete County,
Utah and

 would occupy federal lands within the Manti-LaSal National Forest.

 Background

 2. Article 206 requires the licensee, at least 90 days before starting
construction, to

 provide the Commission with documentation showing that it has acquired funds,
or the

 commitment of funds, to construct, operate, and maintain the project in
accordance with

 the amended license. The documentation must include financial statements,
including a

 balance sheet, income statement, and statement of cash flows. In addition, the

 documentation must be prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting


 principles and must be signed by an independent, certified public accountant.

 Licensee's Filing

 3. The licensee's filing includes documentation showing the licensee can
finance

 project construction through private equity and funding commitments provided by
the

 U.S. Department of Agriculture through a Business and Industry Loan Guarantee
and a

 Rural Energy for America Program loan and grant. The licensee also included

 spreadsheets forecasting revenue and costs during operation to show that the
licensee

 would have sufficient funds to maintain and operate the project. In addition,
the

 licensee's filing includes a certified public accountant's signature.

 1 BMB Enterprises, Inc., 147 FERC &para; 62,044 (2014).

 20161007-3030 FERC PDF (Unofficial) 10/07/2016

 Project No. 6764-041 - 2 -

 Discussion

 4. The documentation provided by the licensee shows that it has the finances to


 construct the project. The licensee also indicated that its predicted cash
flows from

 generation are sufficient to operate and maintain the project while complying
with the

 requirements of its license. Therefore, the documentation of project financing
for the

 Sixmile Creek Project should be approved.

 The Director orders:

 (A) BMB Enterprises, Inc.'s documentation of project financing, filed on

 October 3, 2016, for the Sixmile Creek Hydroelectric Project No. 6764, is
approved.

 (B) This order constitutes final agency action. Any party may file a request
for

 rehearing of this order within 30 days from the date of its issuance, as
provided

 in section 313(a) of the Federal Power Act, 16 U.S.C. § 825l (2012), and the

 Commission's regulations at 18 C.F.R. § 385.713 (2016). The filing of a request
for

 rehearing does not operate as a stay of the effective date of this order, or of
any other date

 specified in this order. The licensee's failure to file a request for rehearing
shall

 constitute acceptance of this order.

 Steve Hocking, Chief

 Environmental and Project Review Branch

 Division of Hydropower Administration

 and Compliance

 20161007-3030 FERC PDF (Unofficial) 10/07/2016

 Document Content(s)

 P-6764-041.DOCX.......................................................1-2

 20161007-3030 FERC PDF (Unofficial) 10/07/2016



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               61 of 75 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 10, 2016 Monday

Regulatory update: FERC has submitted Order Approving Documentation of Project
Financing re BMB Enterprises, Inc. under P-6764.

LENGTH: 591  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, The Government of USA has
published the following document:



 157 FERC &para; 62,023

 UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

 FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION

 BMB Enterprises, Inc. Project No. 6764-041

 ORDER APPROVING DOCUMENTATION OF PROJECT FINANCING

 (Issued October 7, 2016)



 1. On October 3, 2016, BMB Enterprises, Inc., licensee for the Sixmile Creek

 Hydroelectric Project No. 6764, filed documentation of project financing
pursuant to

 Article 206 of the Order Amending License and Revising Annual Charges.1 When

 constructed, the project would be located on Sixmile Creek, in Sanpete County,
Utah and

 would occupy federal lands within the Manti-LaSal National Forest.

 Background

 2. Article 206 requires the licensee, at least 90 days before starting
construction, to

 provide the Commission with documentation showing that it has acquired funds,
or the

 commitment of funds, to construct, operate, and maintain the project in
accordance with

 the amended license. The documentation must include financial statements,
including a

 balance sheet, income statement, and statement of cash flows. In addition, the

 documentation must be prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting


 principles and must be signed by an independent, certified public accountant.

 Licensee's Filing

 3. The licensee's filing includes documentation showing the licensee can
finance

 project construction through private equity and funding commitments provided by
the

 U.S. Department of Agriculture through a Business and Industry Loan Guarantee
and a

 Rural Energy for America Program loan and grant. The licensee also included

 spreadsheets forecasting revenue and costs during operation to show that the
licensee

 would have sufficient funds to maintain and operate the project. In addition,
the

 licensee's filing includes a certified public accountant's signature.

 1 BMB Enterprises, Inc., 147 FERC &para; 62,044 (2014).

 20161007-3030 FERC PDF (Unofficial) 10/07/2016

 Project No. 6764-041 - 2 -

 Discussion

 4. The documentation provided by the licensee shows that it has the finances to


 construct the project. The licensee also indicated that its predicted cash
flows from

 generation are sufficient to operate and maintain the project while complying
with the

 requirements of its license. Therefore, the documentation of project financing
for the

 Sixmile Creek Project should be approved.

 The Director orders:

 (A) BMB Enterprises, Inc.'s documentation of project financing, filed on

 October 3, 2016, for the Sixmile Creek Hydroelectric Project No. 6764, is
approved.

 (B) This order constitutes final agency action. Any party may file a request
for

 rehearing of this order within 30 days from the date of its issuance, as
provided

 in section 313(a) of the Federal Power Act, 16 U.S.C. § 825l (2012), and the

 Commission's regulations at 18 C.F.R. § 385.713 (2016). The filing of a request
for

 rehearing does not operate as a stay of the effective date of this order, or of
any other date

 specified in this order. The licensee's failure to file a request for rehearing
shall

 constitute acceptance of this order.

 Steve Hocking, Chief

 Environmental and Project Review Branch

 Division of Hydropower Administration

 and Compliance

 20161007-3030 FERC PDF (Unofficial) 10/07/2016

 Document Content(s)

 P-6764-041.DOCX.......................................................1-2

 20161007-3030 FERC PDF (Unofficial) 10/07/2016



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               62 of 75 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 10, 2016 Monday

Regulatory update: FERC has submitted Order Approving Documentation of Project
Financing re BMB Enterprises, Inc. under P-6764.

LENGTH: 591  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, The Government of USA has
published the following document:



 157 FERC &para; 62,023

 UNITED STATES OF AMERICA

 FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION

 BMB Enterprises, Inc. Project No. 6764-041

 ORDER APPROVING DOCUMENTATION OF PROJECT FINANCING

 (Issued October 7, 2016)



 1. On October 3, 2016, BMB Enterprises, Inc., licensee for the Sixmile Creek

 Hydroelectric Project No. 6764, filed documentation of project financing
pursuant to

 Article 206 of the Order Amending License and Revising Annual Charges.1 When

 constructed, the project would be located on Sixmile Creek, in Sanpete County,
Utah and

 would occupy federal lands within the Manti-LaSal National Forest.

 Background

 2. Article 206 requires the licensee, at least 90 days before starting
construction, to

 provide the Commission with documentation showing that it has acquired funds,
or the

 commitment of funds, to construct, operate, and maintain the project in
accordance with

 the amended license. The documentation must include financial statements,
including a

 balance sheet, income statement, and statement of cash flows. In addition, the

 documentation must be prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting


 principles and must be signed by an independent, certified public accountant.

 Licensee's Filing

 3. The licensee's filing includes documentation showing the licensee can
finance

 project construction through private equity and funding commitments provided by
the

 U.S. Department of Agriculture through a Business and Industry Loan Guarantee
and a

 Rural Energy for America Program loan and grant. The licensee also included

 spreadsheets forecasting revenue and costs during operation to show that the
licensee

 would have sufficient funds to maintain and operate the project. In addition,
the

 licensee's filing includes a certified public accountant's signature.

 1 BMB Enterprises, Inc., 147 FERC &para; 62,044 (2014).

 20161007-3030 FERC PDF (Unofficial) 10/07/2016

 Project No. 6764-041 - 2 -

 Discussion

 4. The documentation provided by the licensee shows that it has the finances to


 construct the project. The licensee also indicated that its predicted cash
flows from

 generation are sufficient to operate and maintain the project while complying
with the

 requirements of its license. Therefore, the documentation of project financing
for the

 Sixmile Creek Project should be approved.

 The Director orders:

 (A) BMB Enterprises, Inc.'s documentation of project financing, filed on

 October 3, 2016, for the Sixmile Creek Hydroelectric Project No. 6764, is
approved.

 (B) This order constitutes final agency action. Any party may file a request
for

 rehearing of this order within 30 days from the date of its issuance, as
provided

 in section 313(a) of the Federal Power Act, 16 U.S.C. § 825l (2012), and the

 Commission's regulations at 18 C.F.R. § 385.713 (2016). The filing of a request
for

 rehearing does not operate as a stay of the effective date of this order, or of
any other date

 specified in this order. The licensee's failure to file a request for rehearing
shall

 constitute acceptance of this order.

 Steve Hocking, Chief

 Environmental and Project Review Branch

 Division of Hydropower Administration

 and Compliance

 20161007-3030 FERC PDF (Unofficial) 10/07/2016

 Document Content(s)

 P-6764-041.DOCX.......................................................1-2

 20161007-3030 FERC PDF (Unofficial) 10/07/2016



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               63 of 75 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                           November 3, 2005 Thursday
                                National Edition

Ottawa mulls forest industry loan guarantees: Softwood industry says a long-term
plan, not just money, is needed: Relief from U.S. duties

BYLINE: Paul Vieira, Financial Post

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. FP6

LENGTH: 496  words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


OTTAWA - A federal plan to boost the fortunes of the struggling forest products
industry that may include loan guarantees for companies hit by U.S.-imposed
softwood duties is winding its way through Cabinet and could be unveiled this
month, Ottawa sources say.

The initiative would include recommendations proposed by the forestry industry,
such as a $300-million tax credit to encourage the acquisition of
productivity-enhancing technology, and incentives to invest in renewable energy
sources such as biomass.

But also on the table are loan guarantees, independent sources say. The pledges
are aimed at offsetting the $5-billion Washington owes Canadian producers in the
form of illegal duties. Those funds, the industry argues, would otherwise go
toward re-investment in technology.

The loan guarantees would help Canadian companies, such as Canfor Corp. of
Vancouver, negotiate better terms for much-needed financing.

But the major hurdle on loan guarantees is how much Ottawa is willing to
backstop, and whether they could be deemed illegal under trade rules. Some
sources suggested the Liberal government is considering guarantees of up to
$5-billion, or the amount of illegally collected softwood duties to date by
Washington. But sources close to the government indicate the guarantees would
cover far less than $5-billion.

Loan guarantees are a commitment by the government to pay part or all of a
loan's principal and interest to a lender, or the holder of a security, in case
the borrower defaults. They are often preferred by politicians and more
politically amenable than direct financial aid.

Over the past week, Opposition MPs -- particularly from the Bloc Quebecois --
have repeatedly pressured the government to provide relief in the form of loan
guarantees.

John McCallum, the Minister of Natural Resources, said this week in the House of
Commons that loan guarantees may be part of a government initiative. "[It] is
one option," he said, adding he and Industry Minister David Emerson "are
considering a large number of options and hope to have some responses shortly."

Avrim Lazar, president of the Forest Products Association of Canada, said his
members are seeking help in developing an industrial strategy, not short-term
financial aid.

"We're looking for a bridge from where we are now to where we have to be," Mr.
Lazar said. "What we are asking for are measures that would help us build that
bridge -- from an industry under pressure to an industry that is transformed and
doing well.

"Aid sounds like we are trying to prop up the status quo. But we don't think
that would be constructive."

In a study released yesterday, the Conference Board of Canada said the industry
is losing $30-million a year for every percentage point of the U.S. lumber duty
that remains in place. It forecasts the duty on Canadian products will decline
to about 11% starting next year from its current average level of about 20% --
and that 11% will remain in place for the medium term.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White
Photo: Ian Lindsay, CanWest News Service; A Liberal-proposed aid package for the
softwood industry includes several recommendations made by lumber producers,
such as a $300-million tax credit and incentives to invest in renewable energy
sources.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2005 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                               64 of 75 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            October 14, 2008 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

FEINGOLD TO MCCAIN: KNOCK IT OFF JOHN NICHOLS

BYLINE: John Nichols

SECTION: NEWS; ELECTION MATTERS ; Pg. WEB

LENGTH: 1721 words


CALENDAR: The Nov. 4 election is 21 days (three weeks) from today.

THE END OF MCCAIN-FEINGOLD: Mention bipartisan cooperation and no two names come
more quickly to mind than "McCain" and "Feingold." Ever since Republican Sen.
John McCain of Arizona and Democratic Sen. Russ Feingold of Wisconsin began
working together more than a decade ago to promote the McCain-Feingold campaign
finance reform law and related clean government initiatives, they have had
something of a mutual-admiration society.

In 2000, when he was running a very different campaign for the presidency,
McCain told me he would seriously consider giving Feingold a job in the
administration he hoped to construct.

This year, Feingold has gone out of his way to say nice things about McCain,
even as they have disagreed on the issues.

But the increasingly crude nature of the McCain campaign's attacks on Democratic
nominee Barack Obama -- and the racial and ethnic insensitivity that has been
tolerated at too many rallies featuring McCain and Republican vice presidential
candidate Sarah Palin -- finally proved too much for Feingold.

On Monday, the other half of the McCain-Feingold duo called McCain to knock it
off.

Here's what Russ Feingold said: In a closely fought campaign like the
Presidential race, elements of either side can get caught up in the emotions of
the contest. This is especially true during stressful economic times. I heard
Senator McCain help tamp down the rhetoric at a recent town hall meeting.

Regrettably, he needs to do more of that. An energetically waged campaign can
all too easily slip over into something hateful and dangerous, and everyone from
the candidate on down needs to do whatever it takes to stop that. It won't seem
credible for the John McCain I know to say his campaign should be respectful,
while seeming to look the other way as his campaign employs certain tactics and
rhetoric which apparently are intended to appeal to the fears of some Americans.

POLL POSITIONING: Obama continues to expand his lead in Wisconsin. The new
Quinnipiac University poll for The Wall Street Journal and the Web site of The
Washington Post has the Democrat ahead now by a 54-37 margin -- 17 points.
That's up from a 51-43 advantage for Obama before the debates. As Wisconsin
begins what looks like at shift out of "battleground" status, other states are
shifting in. West Virginia and Indiana, formerly thought to be probables for
McCain have moved to "toss up" status. Several new polls have Obama leading in
West Virginia, a state that voted for George Bush in 2000 and 2004. McCain's
still a little bit ahead in Indiana polls, but the Real Clear Politics
poll-of-polls puts McCain up by a mere 3.8 points.

For more on the evolving numbers, go to RCP's site

OBAMA (AND McCAIN) SHOULD COME TO JANESVILLE: The General Motors corporation
announcement that it would shutter its sprawling factory in Janesville --
eliminating thousands of Wisconsin's best jobs -- brought this statement from
Barack Obama: "For generations, the General Motors plant in Janesville has
provided families with good-paying jobs and helped sustain this proud Wisconsin
community. Now the plant is shutting down earlier than expected, creating new
uncertainty and new challenges for thousands of workers and their families. We
need to finally make good on Washington's promise to partner with the auto
industry to make it more competitive. As President, I will work with automakers
to build the fuel-efficient cars of tomorrow so that, instead of closing plants,
we can create new jobs and lift up hardworking families in cities like
Janesville."

John McCain offered a more general statement regarding a pattern of GM plant
closures that includes the decision to shutter the Janesville facility.

McCain-Palin 2008 today released the following statement by John McCain on
reports of pending General Motors plant closings: "I'm disappointed to hear of
the upcoming General Motors plant closings. Hardworking people are paying the
price because our country's leaders have put Washington corruption and Wall
Street greed before Main Street's interests for too long. Change is coming. I
know families across America are hurting and as president, I will lead members
of both parties in a fight to keep and create good jobs in communities across
the country. Now is not a time for words and platitudes. Now is a time for
action. That is why I supported auto industry loan guarantees and will continue
to work to create opportunities for American auto companies to build the car of
the 21st century and put Americans back to work."

But shouldn't the candidates say it in person?

For Obama, a Janesville campaign visit would seem to make perfect sense.

The Democratic nominee for president owes Wisconsin a visit. Yes, he is way
ahead in the polls but, technically, this is still a battleground state. And
Republican McCain has just done a two-day swing through Waukesha (with Sarah
Palin), Mosinee and La Crosse. And Janesville would be a natural stop for the
Democrat.

Obama delivered one of the most important addresses of his campaign -- a
populist critique of the free-trade policies of the Clinton and Bush
administrations -- at the city's sprawling GM plant in February. He has since
referenced that visit, and GM's preparations to shutter the plant, frequently on
the campaign trail. Now that the automaker has announced that the plant will
close by the end of the year, Obama should return. And he should say something
strong, like what Gov. Jim Doyle said Monday: "General Motors' announcement of
the final day of production at the Janesville plant is another tragic example
where hard working families are carrying the brunt of the burden for the
financial failures on Wall Street. Even in the face of national economic
challenges, we will still continue our efforts with the local union, businesses,
community leaders and our Congressional Delegation to convince GM to bring a new
product line to the Janesville plant.

The Janesville announcement gives Obama a chance to come full circle. But he
cannot simply express sympathy. He must present an economic vision that makes
sense to a city that is worried -- as much of the country now is -- about its
future. Frankly, the same goes for McCain.

In a campaign season when both major-party contenders have struggled to address
concerns about both Wall Street and Main Street, Janesville offers a venue -- in
a battleground state -- where they can do so.

In fact, if these candidates wanted to have a meaningful debate -- unlike the
silly joint appearances in which they have so far engaged -- they would come to
a city that is hurting and engage in a serious discourse about how to address
the most fundamental of questions: Will American still manufacture cars? Will
America still manufacture anything? Will America ever have an industrial policy
that allows us to compete seriously in the global economy? Will America ever
establish trade policies that are designed to benefit Janesville as much as
Manhattan?

NOW FOR SOME REAL DEBATES: Gard-Kagen Schedule Two Clashes The last scheduled
presidential debate will take place this week. Sigh and ho-hum.

But Wisconsinites still have something to look forward to. The state's most
hotly contested congressional contest, the 8th District race between Democatic
incumbent Steve Kagen and Republican challenger John Gard (the former state
Assembly Speaker who lost a battle for the traditionally Republican seat to
Kagen two years ago) will see two late-October debates: Tuesday, October 21 at
the University of Wisconsin-Green Bay. The debate will be sponsored by Project
Vote Brown County, WisPolitics.com, UW-GB College Democrats, UW-GB College
Republicans and The Student Government Association of UW-GB Thursday, October 23
in the Stansbury Theater at Lawrence University in Appleton sponsored by AARP
and Lawrence University.

These should be rip-roaring events. Consider the nasty anticipatory statements
from the two candidates: Gard, who has in recent days accused Kagen of dodging
debates, recently sent a letter to his opponent demanding to know: "What is it
that you are afraid of talking to voters about," Gard asked in his letter to
Kagen. "Your votes to raise taxes? Your vote to give healthcare to illegal
immigrants? Your vote to give millions of taxpayer dollars to bailout Fannie
Mae? Your refusal to see Medicare patients in your clinic?"

Ouch.

Kagen, in accepting the debate invites, said, "I look forward to debating John
to highlight the dramatic differences between us on everything our communities
care so much about. I have been listening closely to the concerns of my
constituents for my entire adult lifetime and will represent their views on how
by working together we will build a better future for all of us. John will
represent Big Oil, Big Insurance, Big Corporations and the same losing policies
of the Bush Administration ndsh and simply put, we cannot afford to send John to
Washington."

Double ouch.

Here's the a recent Kagen ad.

Here's a recent Gard ad.

FIRST QUOTE OF THE DAY: "Every moment McCain co-chair J.B. Van Hollen refuses to
do his job and investigate destroys any credibility he has left. He's not a
hired attorney for John McCain and the Republican Party - he's supposed to be
Wisconsin's top cop and serve us." -- Scot Ross of One Wisconsin Now, announcing
that his group had delivered to petitions signed by nearly 3,000 Wisconsinites
calling on the Republican Attorney General and John McCain to investigate
suspicious absentee ballot mailings coming from McCain and the Republican Party
of Wisconsin.

SECOND QUOTE OF THE DAY: Bad registrations.

"For most of the individuals who have been hired to do this work, their primary
focus is preserving their jobs. This was an employment opportunity for them in
tough economic times ... If you have to come up with 25 voter registration
applications by the end of the day, you're going to come up with the 25 voter
registrations." -- Neil Albrecht, deputy director of Milwaukee's city election
office, on the controversial practice of having paid workers meet quotas for
registering new voters. Concerns have been raised about 49 cases of bad
registrations collected by workers associated with ACORN and the Community
Voters Project -- two groups Republicans have criticized.

10/14/2008 7:57 am

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  To view the Web version of the story, go to
http://www.madison.com/tct/news/election/309382

GRAPHIC: File photo Republican presidential candidate John McCain's campaign has
become so ugly, Sen. Russ Feingold said the candidate needs to keep his campaign
respectful.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               65 of 75 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                          November 12, 2008 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Thinking beyond old economic fixes key to rich future

BYLINE: The StarPhoenix

SECTION: FORUM; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 920  words


The massive infrastructure investment China announced on the weekend offers
Canada a slight reprieve in otherwise consistently bleak news. It also offers
Canada a significant challenge -- one that the premiers and prime minister seem
unwilling to notice, much less address.

This isn't the first time China has used its massive foreign exchange surplus
not only to protect itself, but to help rescue its neighbours and trading
partners. In 1998, as Asia's financial institutions underwent a crisis, China
announced a program that pumped billions of dollars into such things as airport
construction, new roads and bridges, massive hydro projects and other areas of
its infrastructure essential to secure its future economic development.

The success of that program was evident immediately, as demand for the material
and services for that expansion increased economic activity as far away as
Japan, Australia, Indonesia and even Canada. The long-term benefits that grew
from that stimulus package has been obvious in the growth in the Chinese economy
since then.

This time around, there was some concern that so much money had been invested on
steel and concrete infrastructure in China that any stimulus package would
amount to little more than throwing money simply at shoring up short-term
problems to maintain China's self-proclaimed essential growth rate of at least
eight per cent.

But a closer examination of the $585 billion package the Chinese leaders quickly
put together and announced on the weekend demonstrates just how formidable a
challenge Canada faces.

This time around, the money will be used by China to enhance human capital, by
focusing on housing, improved agriculture, health care, social welfare and
energy efficiency. While money will be spent on basic infrastructure, such as
roads and airports, Beijing seems determined to keep its eye on the horizon,
even as the global economy threatens to fall off the edge of the world long
before then.

Canada, on the other hand, seems in lockstep with other western nations in
considering investments geared more to prop up an economy that reflects
conditions of a century ago. For example, the United States, Europe and even
Australia have put forward plans to pump billions of dollars into their
automotive industries. In the case of the U.S., $25 billion has already been
appropriated, with the strong possibility that another $25 billion soon will be
on the table. Europe will spend $40 billion to protect jobs in its auto sector,
and Australia $2 billion.

This caused Ontario's Premier Dalton McGuinty to demand that Canada step up to
support its auto industry with loan guarantees and direct loans. Quoting
president-elect Barack Obama, Mr. McGuinty pointed out that the auto sector is
the "backbone of our manufacturing sector" and needs to be protected.

The idea of salvaging Canada's manufacturing sector was reiterated by Quebec
Premier Jean Charest, who called for help for manufacturing, and to put more
liquidity into the economy by enhancing the funding for the Business Development
Bank of Canada, for example.

"Canadians have to compete on a level playing field," insisted Premier Gary Doer
of Manitoba. "Whether it's a U.S. Farm Bill for Western Canadian prairie
farmers, whether it's getting it right in the auto industry for the cars of the
future, Canada has to compete with other subsidies,"

However, even though Canada is the best positioned among industrialized
countries to face the economic challenges coming its way, it would be
catastrophic to try enter this never-ending competition to bail out 20th century
industries and subsidize an economic structure that clearly has collapsed around
the world.

It may be good politics, but it's poor economics to, as Prime Minister Stephen
Harper suggested in the wake of Monday's meeting, ensure Canada has "a strong
auto sector going forward."

If Canada is going to be an economic force in the future, it has to dramatically
reconsider its fundamentals. Like China, it has to be prepared to invest in its
human capital and environmental infrastructure. It has to set its sights on what
the world's economy will look like when the current massive restructuring is
complete and make sure that it's positioned well to capitalize on any
opportunities.

Rather than try to match the U.S., Europe and others subsidy for subsidy, Canada
should consider stepping up where others are too timid or unable to go. For
example, while the U.S. may be about to invest heavily to secure its position as
an automaker, Canada could be positioning itself to supply clean energy to the
mix. This is something Mr. Harper could present to Barack Obama.

Rather than build a road in Southern Ontario to move auto parts, it may be more
important to begin construction of a 21st century electrical grid that is
reliable, efficient and can move energy great distances across the continent.

And rather than shore up the lumber and pulp industries that for so long
provided employment to remote communities, it's likely better for Canada's
economy over the long term to invest in educating its northern population and
effectively connecting over the Internet.

Premier Brad Wall, at least, got it half right. Although he supported subsidies
to the auto sector, he added that the crisis should encourage Canada to continue
to invest in the innovation agenda.

That investment could begin by having first ministers using innovation in their
thinking, rather than falling for the same old pattern that got the world into
its current state.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               66 of 75 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            October 2, 2001 Tuesday

Big U.S. airlines at odds over federal bailout terms;
Healthier carriers fear looser standards;
could block needed industry consolidation

BYLINE: JOHN D. McKINNON AND SCOTT McCARTNEY, Susan Carey in Chicago and Stephen
Power in Washington contributed to this article.

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: THE WALL STREET JOURNAL; Pg. B14

LENGTH: 644 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Larger and healthier airlines are locked in a duel with weaker carriers that
could determine which will qualify for loan guarantees that make up the bulk of
the new U.S. federal bailout package.

In the ailing U.S. airline industry, the loan guarantees - valued at up to
$10-billion (U.S.) - are considered crucial to the survival of many weaker
carriers. Tougher government standards could keep many of them from qualifying,
and could mean bankruptcy for some within days, reducing competition.

Looser standards, on the other hand, could leave some airlines on federal life
support indefinitely, costing the government billions while blocking what
analysts thought was an inevitable industry consolidation even before the Sept.
11 terrorist attacks that plunged the industry into financial chaos.

The White House Office of Management and Budget is considering how to implement
the loan guarantee program that Congress passed 10 days ago. Officials have set
a Saturday deadline for adopting rules for the bailout program.

Including $5-billion in direct payments, the bailout will give the industry as
much as $15-billion in grants and loans. In meetings with the OMB and industry
officials, airlines have disagreed over where the government should draw the
line for qualifying for the loans.

"There has been a lot of effort to keep the airline coalition together, but it
may have loosened or even split over this," said an executive of a smaller
airline, who spoke on condition of anonymity.

The most obvious disagreement so far has come over the lengths of the federally
backed loans. Some stronger carriers, including AMR Corp.'s American Airlines
and Delta Air Lines,have pushed for shorter loan terms - as little as 18 months
or so. Supporters contend that a short-term crisis should be solved with
short-term financing.

Most other carriers have pushed for longer loan terms in the range of 10 years
or so, with flexibility for airlines that want shorter terms. That would keep
payments lower.

The carriers pushing for longer terms include many of the financially weaker
players, including US Airways Group, Northwest Airlines and Continental Airlines
.

According to Salomon Smith Barney, at the end of last year, Northwest's net debt
to total capitalization - a measure of financial strength - was 96.4 per cent,
US Airways' was 91.6 per cent and Continental's was 87.6 per cent. By
comparison, American's was 59.2 per cent, United's was 68.5 per cent and Delta's
was 59.3 per cent.

A spokesman for American Airlines said the carrier is not pushing for specific
guidelines for the loan guarantees. A spokesman for United declined to comment,
as did US Airways, Continental, Northwest and Delta.

The main airline trade group, the Air Transport Association, suggested the OMB
provide flexibility on lengths of loans and other terms. But not all the larger
carriers have signed off on that position, according to people familiar with the
discussions. The ATA also has suggested the government waive its right under the
bill to obtain stock, options or warrants in companies that receive the loans,
or give the companies breaks on fees in exchange for the ownership stakes.

Another debate has been over how much of a loan the government should guarantee.
Most carriers want 100-per-cent coverage.

But some larger carriers generally have been pushing for as little as 80 per
cent, according to sources. That would require carriers to come up with
substantial collateral to qualify for a loan - something many don't have.

Larger airlines contend that a 20-per-cent collateral requirement would prevent
the government from bailing carriers out of troubles they already had before
Sept. 11.

But some smaller carriers say that effectively would change the rules in the
middle of the game, as many carriers lease their aircraft or are leveraged to
the hilt.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2001 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               67 of 75 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 11, 2015 Wednesday

President's Budget Emphasizes Fuel Cycle, Used Fuel Programs

LENGTH: 898  words

DATELINE: Washington


Nuclear Energy Institute has issued the following press release:

The Department of Energy's fiscal 2016 budget proposal seeks to re-impose a
multibillion-dollar tax for the cleanup of three DOE-owned uranium enrichment
facilities, a move the nuclear energy industry deplores as redundant and unfair.
But other aspects of the budget are more in line with industry goals.

This year marks the sixth time the Obama administration has requested
reinstatement of the decontamination and decommissioning tax, even though
Congress has consistently turned it back.

"We recognize that the federal government has significant budget pressures, but
reinstating unjustified taxes on utility rate payers who have met their funding
obligation while the government has failed to meet its own is outrageously
unfair," NEI Senior Vice President for Governmental Affairs Alex Flint said.
"The uranium enrichment D&D tax proposal should be dead on arrival in Congress."

In other areas, the budget requests $62 million to continue supporting
certification and licensing assistance for the small reactor design being
developed by NuScale under a cost-share public-private partnership with DOE.

The overall fiscal 2016 budget proposal for DOE's Office of Nuclear Energy is
$907.5 million. The request is 9 percent higher than the $863 million requested
for fiscal 2015 and slightly below the $913.5 million enacted by Congress.

The Nuclear Regulatory Commission budget proposal of $1.03 billion is 1.7
percent higher than the enacted budget. Ninety percent of NRC's budget is
recouped via fees from the nuclear energy industry.

Flint said the NRC's oversight priorities merit "close scrutiny" by Congress,
given the industry's strong safety performance and the fact that utilities'
plans for new nuclear generating capacity are still being shaped by the
recession's lingering effects.

"We urge Congress to insist upon NRC adherence to its principles of good
regulation so that nuclear energy facilities can most safely and effectively
meet their customers' need for reliable, clean air power supplies," Flint said.
The industry's priority to ensure public safety "is being challenged by the
surplus of nonessential regulations and directives the NRC has imposed over the
past decade," he said.

Most DOE programs only saw modest changes. However, the administration requested
$217.7 million for fuel cycle R&D, a $20.7 million increase from the $197
million enacted for fiscal 2015.

The budget also zeroes out DOE and NRC programs to train the next generation of
nuclear industry workers and advance nuclear energy education, a move Flint said
makes "no sense." It would eliminate university programs that support
scholarships, fellowships and junior faculty at four-year institutions and
community colleges. The administration has consistently cut these programs,
though Congress has just as consistently provided about $5 million annually.
Used Nuclear Fuel

The administration is requesting $108 million to develop one or more facilities
for used fuel and high-level radioactive waste management using consent-based
siting as recommended by the Blue Ribbon Commission on America's Nuclear Future
in 2012. This represents a significant boost from the $79 million proposed for
fiscal 2015. An additional $3 million is proposed to fund research into disposal
options for some of DOE's high-level waste and used fuel. The administration
included no funds to continue the Yucca Mountain licensing process but proposes
using $24 million from the Nuclear Waste Fund for generic process development
and other non-R&D activities related to used fuel storage, transportation and
disposal.

The administration requests $345 million to continue construction of DOE's Mixed
Oxide Fuel Fabrication Facility in South Carolina, a turnabout from the fiscal
2015 proposal to put the facility into cold standby while DOE researched options
for disposal of surplus plutonium. Congress last year turned back the idea and
funded the facility's continued construction. The MOX fuel, which would be
fabricated from recycled surplus defense-origin plutonium and uranium, is
potentially a fuel for the domestic nuclear energy industry.
Loan Guarantees

Funding for DOE's loan guarantee program remains consistent in this budget
request, with $18.5 billion authority. Last year DOE finalized the first nuclear
energy-specific loan guarantee of  $6.5 billion to Southern Co. and its partners
to help finance the construction of two new reactors at the Plant Vogtle site in
Georgia.

Loan guarantees are not an actual appropriation and, therefore, do not represent
an outlay of taxpayer dollars when the projects they support are successfully
completed. The guarantees aim to boost investor confidence and allow worthy
projects to obtain financing on more reasonable terms that ultimately will lower
the cost of electricity generated by the projects. For nuclear power projects,
recipients must pay a substantial origination fee, negotiations over which
delayed final approval for the Southern Co. loan guarantee.

The accompanying chart shows DOE's budget numbers in categories relevant to the
nuclear energy industry. It will appear in Nuclear Energy Overview periodically,
revised to follow the federal appropriations process through the year.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               68 of 75 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 15, 2017 Wednesday

Washington: Ranking Member Veasey's Opening Statement for DOE Loan Guarantee
Hearing

LENGTH: 886  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC: U.S. House of Representatives Committee on Science, Space, and
Technology has issued the following press release:



 Today, the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology's Subcommittees on
Energy and Oversight are holding a hearing titled, "Risky Business: The DOE Loan
Guarantee Program."





 Ranking Member of the Energy Subcommittee, Congressman Marc Veasey's (D-TX)
opening statement for the record is below.



     Thank you, Mr. Chairman. I am looking forward to working with you this
Congress in my capacity as the Ranking Member of the Energy Subcommittee. Given
our history together in the Texas Legislature, I'm hopeful we can work together
to ensure America's bright energy future, and the Department of Energy continues
to be a world leader in fostering energy innovation as well as fundamental
research.



     Today, we are examining the Department of Energy's Loan Programs Office. I
hope that by the end of this hearing my colleagues on both sides of the aisle
can come to the same conclusion that so many nonpartisan observers and
professionals in the finance industry have - that these loan programs have been
successful by almost every measure.



     Allow me to highlight just a few of those success stories: The LPO
portfolio has over 30 projects in 18 states. It has enabled over 50 billion
dollars in private sector investment in clean energy technologies. These loan
guarantees have created 56,000 American jobs across the country. And these loan
guarantees have helped prevent the release of 34.1 million tons of carbon
dioxide into our atmosphere. All of this is because, at Congress's direction,
DOE intelligently leveraged the Federal government's strong credit and LPO's
deep expertise to the benefit of the American taxpayer.



     For my fiscal conservative friends - the loan programs have helped reduce
the national debt. During LPO's relatively short life, the loans and loan
guarantees have returned approximately $980 MILLION to the Treasury. That is net
revenue from interest payments after accounting for losses. It is notable that
even the Heritage Foundation left LPO off their list of programs to cut or
eliminate in their "Blueprint for Balance." And based on my quick read, there
aren't many DOE programs that they spared in that report.



     When Congress authorized the loan program, we set aside $10 billion for
expected losses that may occur as the Federal government takes on varying levels
of risk with each of these projects. While there have been a handful of projects
that did not pan out, the total losses from all of these projects comes nowhere
near the $10 billion originally set aside. In fact, it is less than 10% of the
amount Congress originally projected, with losses so far adding up to $810
million - a number that is covered twice over by interest payments collected.
So, if we consider this program on a strictly cost-benefit or risk-reward basis,
it has clearly performed beyond expectations and is tremendously successful. But
those aren't the only - or even the most appropriate - metrics to consider.



     The Section 1705 loan guarantees are responsible for launching the
utility-scale photovoltaic (PV) solar industry. These loan guarantees enabled
the first five 100-megawatt solar PV facilities to be built in the U.S. What
followed that initial investment from DOE perfectly illustrates the role that
these loan guarantees fill in the market.



     After DOE demonstrated the viability of those first five projects, private
financing began funding utility-scale solar PV independently. As of last year
there are now 45 other projects that have received financing. However, LPO does
more than just provide loan guarantees to renewable energy. In fact, over a
third of the portfolio's loan guarantee authority funds the Vogtle nuclear
energy project in Georgia. And with the announcement of a conditional commitment
for the first advanced fossil energy project in Lake Charles, Louisiana, the
portfolio continues to diversify.



     In fact, the carbon captured from the Lake Charles project will be used by
Denbury, a Texas company, for enhanced oil recovery in southeast Texas. As
chairman of the Carbon Dioxide Enhanced Oil Recovery Caucus, I certainly support
this project. With this enhanced oil recovery occurring near - if not in - the
district of Chairman Weber, I'm hopeful he'd be supportive of this project as
well.



     The market for industrial carbon capture has the potential to experience
the same revolutionary changes that the solar PV industry experienced as a
result of LPO's unique role and capabilities to foster our energy innovation
pipeline.



     In conclusion, the Loan Programs Office has something for everybody. It has
investments in fossil energy, renewables, and nuclear, and it even reduces our
national debt. I hope we can all recognize the benefits and extraordinary gains
that have come out of LPO.



     Furthermore, I hope my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are
willing to work together to constructively support and, wherever appropriate,
improve the Department's work in this crucial area.



     Thank you again, Mr. Chairman and I yield back the balance of my time.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               69 of 75 DOCUMENTS

                                  The Express

                                  May 10, 2001

CITY & BUSINESS EDITED BY STEPHEN KAHN; SEASONED VETERAN AT HOME IN STORMY
WATERS

SECTION: CITY; Pg. 60

LENGTH: 237 words


DAVID BERRY'S development of the Choice as a management training vessel saved
the trawler - said to be one of the largest traditionally built wooden ships in
full-time operation - from being sawn up for scrap.

This was not because the 40-year-old diesel-engined vessel wasn't up to fishing
any longer, but because of the enforced laying-up of so many British boats.

Berry bought Choice for just GBP 20,000 and spent GBP 200,000 converting and
refurbishing her with the latest equipment, using his own money and a loan from
HSBC backed by the Department of Trade and Industry's loan guarantee scheme.

The 76-ft, 150-ton vessel, which worked out of Buckie in North-east Scotland,
has long experience of far-north deep-sea operations in some of the most hostile
conditions in the world.

Berry became fascinated by vessels like her, whose shape and construction have
evolved over generations to allow them to handle the worst seas, as a Royal Navy
officer based in Lossiemouth along the coast from Buckie.

He recalls: "When I was in the Navy I said I'd like to convert a trawler. I got
a phone call 25 years later from a former fisherman I'd befriended in Buckie
saying, 'Are you still interested in converting a decommissioned vessel?'."

Now, on the shelter deck where fish were packed landbased managers in rather
calmer waters will be learning how to navigate their companies more effectively.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                       Copyright 2001 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS


                               70 of 75 DOCUMENTS


                  Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 31, 2010 Sunday

EDITORIAL: More nuclear power

BYLINE: Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo, Miss.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 643 words


Jan. 31--Among the mostly unremarked-upon points in President Obama's State of
the Union speech on Wednesday night was his clearly stated support for expansion
of nuclear power generation, a source that arguably could supply most of the
country's electricity and decrease reliance on coal-fired generating plants.

The Washington Post's Frank Ahrens, noting what he called a "tip o' the cap to
nuclear power," said the nuclear reference was the overlooked business story of
the night.

This is what Obama said: "But to create more of these clean energy jobs, we need
more production, more efficiency, more incentives. That means building a new
generation of safe, clean nuclear power plants in this country."

Nuclear power is controversial, and it is expensive, but it is efficient, and it
is clean.

The Tennessee Valley Authority, which powers Northeast Mississippi and all or
part of six other southern states, is among the most successful operators of
nuclear power plants in the U.S., and with demand for electricity growing in its
service area every year the nuclear power option is in its planning processes.

Obama's acknowledgment of the nuclear power option is the kind of political
breakthrough that could help satisfy our nation's energy needs.

Political liberals like Obama most often have been among nuclear power plants'
strongest opponents. They cite the serious accident at Three Mile Island in
Pennsylvania 31 years ago -- 197 9--- and of course, Chernobyl, the megadisaster
resulting from shoddy Russian engineering and inadequate safety measures at the
ill-fated site in the Ukraine, in 1986.

But nothing close to Chernobyl, including Three Mile Island, has ever happened
in the United States. A U.N. report figures Chernobyl eventually will kill 4,000
people, and 200,000 people were permanently relocated because of it. Three Mile
Island hasn't been determined as the cause of any illnesses and the amount of
radiation released was not alarming.

TVA is among the power generators that have brought nuclear reactors on line or
restarted them since Three Mile Island. Last year, the Post reported, 59 percent
of Americans said they support nuclear power generation.

Northeast Mississippi was supposed to have a nuclear generating plant at Yellow
Creek in northern Tishomingo County, but high costs and TVA's debt scuttled
those plans before completion. Who's to say our region won't become the host for
another, completed nuclear plant?

As noted in many quarters, the nuclear engineering of the 21st century is vastly
more sophisticated than early plants, and it's safer.

An advance indication of Obama's reference on Wednesday came from Energy
Secretary Steven Chu, in a Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee hearing
on Jan. 21: "The White House is supportive of nuclear. We see this as part of
the solution. ...Right now 20 percent of our electricity is from nuclear; we
would like ... possibly grow that. For that reason we are working aggressively
to help restart the American nuclear industry with loan guarantees with research
... that will lead to more advanced, safer nuclear power."

Yes, the waste storage issue isn't solved, but neither is there a guarantee that
oil spills, gas line breaks, and coal debris won't cause further problems.

We believe the president and many supporters of nuclear electricity in both
parties are right: Move forward toward more nuclear power generation.

To see more of the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.djournal.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Northeast
Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo, Miss. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100131-TP-EDIT-NUCLEAR-POWER-20100131

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TP


               Copyright 2010 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal


                               71 of 75 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  June 17, 1996, Monday, INTERNATIONAL EDITION

GINGRICH BOOK

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 413 words


House Speaker Newt Gingrich made $ 1.2 million on his best-selling
book last year, far short of the $ 4.5 million he was originally
offered and then forced to give up in a deal with media mogul
Rupert Murdoch.

Gingrich's finances were laid out as part of Congress' annual
disclosure exercise aimed at heading off conflicts of interest.
Among other disclosures: New Senate leader Trent Lott accepted
a silver statue worth more than $ 5,000, and Sen. John Kerry's
marriage to an heiress left him with a painting valued at up to
$ 5 million. Bob Dole reported that several of his corporate political
benefactors paid for his wife, Elizabeth, to travel the country
for speeches and Red Cross business. Political watchdog groups
say such favors are a way for special interests to gain access
to politicians not available to ordinary voters. While Gingrich,
R-Ga., is likely to make more money as his book, To Renew America,
is issued in paperback and he writes the second volume in
the deal, an anthology of readings on democracy, he probably already
has made the bulk of what he ultimately will receive. Most celebrity
books have a relatively short shelf life.


HILLARY TRIP: First lady Hillary Rodham Clinton plans a goodwill
tour of Eastern Europe next month to show U.S. support for newly
independent democracies in the old communist Warsaw Pact region,
The White House said. She will visit Romania, Poland, the Czech
Republic, Slovakia, Hungary and Estonia during the July 1-11 tour
and conclude the trip with a stop in Finland. Meanwhile, in the
Whitewater controversy, Senate Republicans have concluded the
first lady likely had a role in limiting the inquiry into White
House lawyer Vincent Foster's death to keep potentially embarrassing
documents under wraps, The Washington Post reported Sunday.

ARMS PURCHASE: Who buys the U.S.-made fighter aircraft, missiles,
attack helicopters and other weapons sold to foreign countries?
Actually, the U.S. taxpayer picks up the tab for most of them.
U.S. government subsidies to the arms industry -- loan guarantees,
bad loan writeoffs, and 40% of the foreign aid budget -- cost
taxpayers $ 7.6 billion in 1995 to support arms sales of about
$ 12 billion, says a new study by William Hartung, director of
the Arms Trade Resource Center at the New York-based World Policy
Institute. Hartung's study is titled Welfare for Weapons Dealers.

Compiled by Ken Washington

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, AP; Gingrich: May make more on book

                      Copyright 1996 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               72 of 75 DOCUMENTS


                  Herald-Journal (Spartanburg, South Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 23, 2011 Wednesday

Sen. Graham shows faith in nuclear power at Oconee Nuclear Station

BYLINE: Stephen Largen, Herald-Journal, Spartanburg, S.C.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 738 words


March 23--LAKE KEOWEE -- U.S. Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., renewed his support
for the construction of new nuclear power plants in the U.S. after visiting Duke
Energy's Oconee Nuclear Station here Tuesday afternoon.

Graham, who lives 5 miles from the plant, toured the facility with journalists
as part of a rare look inside its operations.

"My takeaway from today is that America needs as much safe, abundant, affordable
power as possible to grow our economy in the 21st century," the senator said.

The company's invitation to Graham and reporters came as Duke Energy and other
companies interested in building new nuclear power plants in South Carolina and
across the U.S. try to reassure the country that it's safe to proceed after the
serious problems at a Japanese nuclear facility in the aftermath of a powerful
earthquake and tsunami that hit the country earlier this month.

Many have said plans for new plants in the U.S. should not move forward until
the problems with the Japanese plant can be carefully analyzed.

Graham said the U.S. nuclear power industry needs to move forward with plans for
new reactors while learning from the Japanese disaster.

"I have faith in the nuclear power industry," he said. "I believe it's
imperative that we move forward. This plant has design characteristics that
would prevent what happened in Japan from happening here."

Graham said he was confident in the security measures in place at the Oconee
station and all nuclear power stations across the U.S.

The containment vessel at the Oconee plant, like at many plants across the
country, was reinforced after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks, Graham and company
officials pointed out.

There are also four inspectors from the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission who
work on the Oconee site and monitor its safety.

Graham said he hopes companies who have been planning new nuclear plants will
not be deterred by an "illogical reaction" to the crisis in Japan.

The Republican senator praised the Obama administration's backing of the
American nuclear power industry with loan guarantees for companies hoping to
build new plants in the president's proposed executive budget.

But Graham said the administration's decision to abandon plans to create a
nuclear waste repository at Yucca Mountain in Nevada was a mistake, and he hopes
the Japanese disaster will prompt the administration to propose a new central
nuclear waste disposal site.

Duke Energy has no plans to postpone building a nuclear plant in Cherokee County
in light of the problems at the Japanese facility, a company spokeswoman said
last week.

The company said while it's too early to tell what impact the Japanese disaster
will have on the industry, Duke Energy will continue with the U.S. Nuclear
Regulatory Commission's process for building the $11 billion William S. Lee III
plant. The licensing process will likely take two more years, and the plant
would come online in 2020 or 2021, according to the company's plans.

Duke Energy's Oconee station, in operation since 1973, appeared in two recent
national reports on the American nuclear energy industry.

A Union of Concerned Scientists report that examined nuclear safety in 2010
released last week said NRC inspectors averted a possible safety problem at the
Oconee station by refusing to accept plant operators' rationale for allowing a
component in reactors 2 and 3 to go untested after a similar component in
reactor No. 1 had failed.

An NRC report released in November said of the 66 nuclear power plants in the
U.S., the Oconee facility has the eighth-greatest risk of experiencing damage to
one of its three nuclear reactor cores during an earthquake.

But the report said there's a less than 1-in-23,000 chance that such a scenario
could happen, and Duke Energy says its nuclear plants in South Carolina are
built to withstand the strongest earthquake on record in the state's history,
the 7.6-magnitude Great Charleston Earthquake of 1886, and other natural
disasters.

South Carolina has four other nuclear reactors in operation at plants in York,
Hartsville and Jenkinsville.

To see more of The Spartanburg Herald-Journal or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://www.goupstate.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Herald-Journal, Spartanburg,
S.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110323-SG-Sen-Graham-shows-faith-in-nuclear-power-at-Oconee-Nuclear-Station-03
23-20110323

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SG


                         Copyright 2011 Herald-Journal


                               73 of 75 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                   September 20, 1993, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Let's give Palladium credit

BYLINE: ALAN WHITTEN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A8


Canada has a long history of federal and provincial governments (of all
political stripes) using public funds to support a wide array of private
enterprises, from outright grants and subsidies to loans and loan guarantees.The
rationale is presumably the creation or protection of jobs for its citizens.
Government support for the Palladium project should not be viewed as
"subsidizing a hockey team." It should be evaluated on the same basis as
training grants for high-technology companies, research tax credits for the
software or aerospace industries, loan guarantees for high risk ventures such as
tourism development or subsidies to farmers or fishermen where society judges
that the industry needs protection.

The Palladium will create short-term construction jobs, long-term permanent
service employment as well as a host of indirect spin-off jobs. If we accept
there is a role for government support of employment creation then we must
accept that the Palladium project deserves consideration as much as other less
public or visible ventures.

The public interest and our tax dollars should be protected by securing payback
or repayment to the greatest extent possible. As I understand it, the proposed
Ontario loan guarantee incorporates full and immediate ownership of the asset
plus a repayment plan from a ticket surcharge that is paid before any other
participant, such as owners or lenders, receive a return. Similarly, the
proposed federal contribution would hopefully provide substantial and immediate
new tax revenues plus the elimination of various social benefits to unemployed
workers in our area.

The huge benefits to Kanata, Ottawa and Ontario heavily outweigh the relatively
modest risks and costs to the public purse and they deserve equal consideration.

Alan Whitten, president, Kanata Chamber of Commerce



LOAD-DATE: September 21, 1993

LENGTH: 309 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1993 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               74 of 75 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                        June 9, 2002 Sunday Home Edition

Loan program praised, but not used much

BYLINE: MARILYN GEEWAX

SOURCE: Cox Washington Bureau

SECTION: Business; Pg. 1Q

LENGTH: 770 words


Washington --- In the frantic, frightening days following the Sept. 11 airplane
hijackings, Congress raced to help carriers survive financially by providing $10
billion in loan guarantees.

But with the loan application period wrapping up this month, only one airline,
America West, has used the guarantee --- to borrow $380 million. Last month the
U.S. House voted to scale back the program.

Still, within the industry, the loan-guarantee effort is not seen as a flop.
Indeed, a last-minute surge of loan applicants may yet materialize.

Last week the Senate voted 91-4 to preserve the program, virtually assuring its
survival. Afterward, US Airways announced it will apply for a $1 billion loan
guarantee before the June 28 deadline.

United Airlines also says it is considering applying, and other major carriers
are rumored to be mulling the option.

Even Delta Air Lines, which doesn't plan to borrow through the program, calls
the federal aid valuable.

"The guarantee program was a success because it sent the right signals to the
private markets that this [government-backed] money is there," said Scott Yohe,
Delta's senior vice president of government affairs. "It was intended to be a
backstop," and the program filled that role well, he said.

Despite their recent attempts to backpedal, House members have no real regrets
about rushing to pass expensive legislation within 10 days of the attacks, said
Jim Berard, Democratic spokesman for the House Transportation Committee.

After Sept. 11, the airlines were grounded and financial markets closed for
days, he recalled. Given how much money the carriers were losing, the survival
of the industry "wasn't a given on Sept. 13," he said.

Congress needed to reassure investors and creditors, he said. "If it had looked
like Congress wasn't going to do anything, those airline stocks would have gone
into the dumper," he said.

But while praise for the program is lavish, airlines have not rushed to use the
guarantees. Mo Garfinkle, president of GCW Consulting, an aviation consulting
firm in Washington, said that's because the loans come with a big catch: The
government reserves the right to take an equity stake in the airlines it helps.

Most carriers "didn't want the government on their balance sheets," he said.

Still, with US Airways and possibly others now preparing applications, the House
wanted to scale back the program to save a little money in this fiscal year.

In an antiterrorism emergency spending bill, the House inserted a provision that
would bar new loan guarantees until the next federal fiscal year. That means
airlines could apply for the loans in June but would not get the money until
Oct. 1.

US Airways, the nation's sixth-largest carrier, has said it needs a cash
infusion this summer to survive. Responding to the airline's pleas, the Senate
overwhelmingly struck down the House proposal Tuesday. When the House and Senate
versions of the bill are reconciled in a conference committee, the House likely
will back down because of the Senate's lopsided vote.

While the loan guarantee program has been helpful to the industry, the cash
grants included in the post-Sept. 11 legislation were a matter of life and
death, Yohe said. Congress provided $5 billion to carriers help them get over
the financial jolt of having been grounded by the government.

Delta received $634 million in grants, Yohe said. "That money was very, very
important," he said. "We all had serious liquidity problems."

But at least one aviation expert isn't so sure Congress made the best decision
in offering grants and loan guarantees. Clifford Winston, a senior fellow at the
Brookings Institution, said lawmakers might have done more long-term good by
helping carriers reduce fares.

"Given that they were willing to spend public money to help the industry," he
said, lawmakers should have focused on "doing things that would have increased
travel --- for example, suspending the ticket tax."

Ironically, though Delta Chief Executive Leo Mullin was the most vigorous
lobbyist for the grants and loan guarantees, the legislation might ultimately
benefit its competitors more. While Delta will not be using any of the federally
backed loans, US Airways, one of Delta's chief rivals, may be able to survive
because of the coming cash infusion.

But Winston said no one's crystal ball is good enough to know whether the demise
of US Airways would have been good for Delta. The loss of the weak carrier
"could bring Southwest Airlines into Delta's back yard," creating much tougher
competition, he said.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2002 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                               75 of 75 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      June 24, 1984, Sunday, Final Edition

Platform Assails Deficit, Hails Democratic Legacy

BYLINE: By T.R. Reid, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A1

LENGTH: 1651 words


The Democratic Party's platform committee last night completed work on a massive
document that embraces traditional Democratic zeal for federal programs and a
concern for the impact of federal deficits.

Like past Democratic platforms, the 1984 party blueprint calls for new and
enhanced government aid to numerous segments of society. Unlike other Democratic
platforms, it proposes federal tax increases--on corporations and individuals
earning over $60,000 a year--to help pay for those programs.

The proposed platform is the product of compromises among backers of candidates
Walter F. Mondale, Sen. Gary Hart (D-Colo.) and Jesse L. Jackson. This shared
patrimony is reflected in its length, about that of a 100-page book.

While the platform uses vague language to gloss over differences, it is detailed
on the one point on which Democrats agree: the need to retire President Reagan
on Nov. 6. In that sense, the central figure in every section of the Democratic
platform is the Republican president.

It is set forth in three chapters.

In the first, "Growth and Prosperity," the first 16 pages are devoted to Reagan.
The second chapter, "Justice," opens with eight pages about Reagan. The third,
"Peace and Security," begins with six pages on the "recklessness" and
"irresponsibility" of Reagan's foreign policy.

When it gets to Democratic alternatives, the platform:

* Endorses the nuclear arms freeze and opposes the MX missile, the B1 bomber and
production of new chemical weapons.

* Calls for annual summits with the Soviets beginning next year.

* Opposes the draft and draft registration.

* Endorses statehood for the District of Columbia under the name "New Columbia."

* Rejects racial "quotas" but calls for stricter enforcement of affirmative
action goals in hiring and education.

* Urges Detroit to make more parts of their cars in the United States but does
not endorse "domestic content" legislation requiring them to do so.

* Goes further than any prior platform on legal rights for homosexuals in
employment, immigration and the military.

* Denounces legal sanctions against employers who hire illegal aliens--a key
facet of the immigration bill now moving through Congress.

In opposing the MX missile and draft registration, the platform repudiates
initiatives of the last Democratic president, Jimmy Carter.

The platform also breaks with Carter in its blanket opposition to agricultural
embargoes, in seeking a "reassessment" of the federal Synthetic Fuels Corp. and
in opposing tax and statutory preferences for nuclear power plants.

The 1984 edition, like Democratic platforms before it, is packed with promises
for the many constituency communities that call the party home. Among the
interest groups that successfully lobbied for inclusion of a favored paragraph
were Japanese Americans, single homemakers, federal employes, American Indians,
illegal aliens, black colleges and victims of sickle cell anemia.

The only interest groups that lobbied hard in the platform committee and came up
with nothing were animal-welfare organizations.

Where the document breaks with Democratic platform tradition is in its forceful
declaration that the party must take responsibility for eliminating the federal
deficit.

Using language proposed by Hart's campaign, the platform calls for economic
policies aimed at "reducing and eventually eliminating the deficits that
currently form a dark cloud over the nation's future."

"We will reassess defense expenditures; create a tax system that is both
adequate and fair; control skyrocketing health costs without sacrificing quality
of care," the platform adds.

The document does not specify how these things will be done.

On defense, it pledges further increases in Defense Department budgets, but a
lower rate of increase after inflation than Reagan has instituted.

On taxes, it calls for "a return to a fair tax on corporate income." It notes
that the 1981 Reagan tax cut sharply reduced corporate taxes and calls for a
minimum 15 percent tax rate on corporations.

The platform calls for eliminating some tax cuts still to come under the Reagan
program for individuals earning $60,000 a year or more. It promises elimination
of some unspecified tax deductions.

The platform says little, though, about federal spending on "entitlement"
programs, such as Social Security and food stamps.

It promises not to reduce Social Security payments and suggests that savings in
this area would come from undefined reductions in health-care costs now paid by
the federal government.

The 184-member platform committee finished its work yesterday in a marathon
session at the D.C. Convention Center under the brisk, no-nonsense direction of
its chairman, Rep. Geraldine A. Ferraro (D-N.Y.).

With a few exceptions, debate in the committee yesterday was subdued and
perfunctory, with none of the passion that characterized the Democrats' bitter
platform battle in 1980 when backers of President Carter and Sen. Edward M.
Kennedy (D-Mass.) battled.

In 1980, for example, the Kennedy forces carried 23 minority planks to pitched
battles on the convention floor. This year there probably will be no more than
four minority planks at the San Francisco convention.

The Jackson campaign probably will present a minority platform plank calling for
elimination of the runoff primary in the South. Jackson backers may also pursue
a plank calling for endorsement of racial quotas in hiring under certain
circumstances. Jackson's people are also expected to offer a minority plank
calling for a decrease in defense spending.

The Hart campaign may submit a minority plank committing the United States to
not sending land troops to war in the Persian Gulf region.

On all these proposals, the Mondale campaign, which will control a majority of
convention delegates, should be able to defeat the minority plank with ease.

The platform-writing session ended with expressions of unity from all three
camps. Mondale, Hart and Jackson delegates closed the long day's debate
yesterday with praise for Ferraro and her platform staff director, Harvard law
school professor Susan Estrich.

Ferraro's popularity with platform-writers from all three campaigns may boost
her stock as a potential vice presidential candidate. Platform committee members
yesterday were wearing buttons promoting both "Mondale/Ferraro" and
"Hart/Ferraro" tickets.

Ferraro's goal from the first had been to write a platform that did not endorse
specific legislative initiatives. That goal was largely met. While the platform
reflects a traditional Democratic bias for government programs as the solution
to social ills, it does not single out many programs by name.

The platform is most specific in its attacks on Reagan.

According to the Democratic platform, Reagan is "dangerous," "reckless" and "out
of touch with reality."

Reagan's foreign policy, the platform says, "is an unprecedented record of
failure. But President Reagan is content to make excuses for failure. President
Reagan blames Congress . . . he rebukes Americans deeply and genuinely concerned
about the threat of nuclear war. He rails at the Soviet Union--as if words
alone, without strategy or effective policy, will make that nation change its
course."

The platform says that Reagan's accelerated military build up will not reduce
the danger of war, as the president contends. The Democratic proposal for doing
so calls for the United States "to intitiate temporary, verifiable and mutual
moratoria . . . on the testing of underground nuclear weapons and anti-satellite
weapons, on the testing and deployment of all weapons in space . . . new
strategic ballistic missiles . . .  and nuclear-armed, sea-launched cruise
missiles."

The platform says the next president should update and re-submit to the Senate
the pending SALT II arms-reduction treaty. That treaty has not been signed by
the United States but has been informally adhered to by this country.

In one of many concessions to Hart in the platform, the Mondale camp agreed to
include language calling for a freeze on distribution of the nuclear material
plutonium. The plutonium freeze was one of Hart's "new ideas" during the
campaign.

Hart's impact is also reflected in an introduction to the "Growth and
Prosperity" section.

Hart language on the need for greater training and emphasis on new technologies
also was included in the platform. But the Mondale people, who had control over
the platform process, were not willing to include another of Hart's prominent
"new ideas," the Individual Training Account to provide federal aid to laid-off
workers.

The Jackson campaign got few of its specific legislative proposals into the
platform, but the document does include a good deal of Jackson's campaign
language about the need for stepped up enforcement of civil rights statutes.

The AFL-CIO and the United Auto Workers were also major players in the drafting
of the Democratic platform. But the unions agreed with Mondale not to wage a
major fight over a plank calling for trade protection legislation such as the
"domestic content" bill, which Hart opposes.

In its final version, the platform declares that "Where foreign competition is
fair, American industry should compete without government assistance. Where
competition is unfair, we must respond powerfully."

The platform alludes to programs of federal aid to troubled industries, such as
the loan guarantees that saved the Chrysler Corp. from possible bankruptcy.
Taking language from Mondale, who favored the Chrysler loan guarantees, the
platform says "government must be prepared to use a range of tools--including
tax, import and regulatory relief and appropriate financing mechanisms" to
assist troubled industries. That is followed by a sentence from Hart's camp
declaring that the private sector should be the first line of defense for
troubled U.S. firms.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Sen. Alan Cranston (D-Calif.) talks to Rep. Geraldine A.
Ferraro, platform chairman. AP

                       Copyright 1984 The Washington Post
