
                               1 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                        Laurel Leader-Call (Mississippi)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 14, 2011 Friday

Jones County receives solid waste assistance grant

BYLINE: Charlotte Graham, Laurel Leader-Call, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 375 words


Jan. 14--LAUREL -- Jones County has received a $20,000 solid waste assistance
grant from the Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality to aid in the
clean-up of solid waste in the area.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties," said MDEQ Executive Director
Trudy Fisher. "We are pleased this grant is available to assist the efforts of
Jones County in improving their management of solid waste."

According to MDEQ guidelines, grant funds can be used of illegal dump clean-up,
collection sites and recycling programs, a local solid waste enforcement
officer, programs to prevent illegal dumping and public education programs.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are utilized by
local communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to
aid in hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education
efforts on solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the
collection of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

Robbie Wilbur, MDEQ's Communications Director, said counties are evaluated on
what their needs are and the amount of funds available. Each county may apply
for a grant amount allocated by State-aid Road Mileage formula.

The grants offer assistance for projects involving certain solid waste
management and recycling activities and provides other assistance for abatement
of certain solid waste problems.

In December MDEQ awarded a $144,654 the Pine Belt Solid Waste Management
Authority for the collection and disposal of waste tires from small quantity
generators in Jones, Covington and Perry Counties and the cities of Laurel,
Hattiesburg and Petal.

Information about this grant program and other initiatives is available at
www.deq.state.ms.us/solidwaste.

To see more of the Laurel Leader-Call or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.leadercall.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Laurel Leader-Call, Miss.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110114-LH-Jones-County-receives-solid-waste-assistance-grant
-0114-20110114

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LH


                       Copyright 2011 Laurel Leader-Call


                               2 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 14, 2013 Wednesday

Missouri: SCS/SB 13

LENGTH: 277  words

DATELINE: Jefferson City


Office of the Missouri House of Representatives has issued the following bill:

This act eliminates solid waste management districts and the Solid Waste
Management Advisory Committee. Money from the Solid Waste Management Fund that
was previously allocated for grants to solid waste management districts will be
allocated for grants to cities, counties and providers of solid waste management
, waste reduction, recycling or related services. The percentage of money
allocated for grants is reduced by the amount previously used for overhead and
administration costs of solid waste management districts. The requirement that a
solid waste management plan be submitted to the Department of Natural Resources
is eliminated.

Currently, a tipping fee is collected per ton accepted by landfills and transfer
stations and deposited into the Solid Waste Management Fund. This act reduces
the fee by the amount previously allocated for solid waste management districts'
overhead and administration costs. The fee for solid waste sanitary landfills
and transfer stations is reduced from $2.11 per ton accepted to $1.71 per ton.
The fee for solid waste demolition landfills is reduced from $1.41 per ton
accepted to $1.20 per ton.

Currently, remaining revenues in the Solid Waste Management Fund are distributed
to the Department of Natural Resources and to grants. This act increases the
percentage of remaining revenues distributed to the Department of Natural
Resources from 39% to 57% and the percentage allocated to grants from 61% to
43%.

These sections are similar to sections contained in SS/SCS/HB 650 (2013).

For further information please visit: http://house.mo.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               3 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 14, 2013 Wednesday

Missouri: SCS/SB 13

LENGTH: 277  words

DATELINE: Jefferson City


Office of the Missouri House of Representatives has issued the following bill:

This act eliminates solid waste management districts and the Solid Waste
Management Advisory Committee. Money from the Solid Waste Management Fund that
was previously allocated for grants to solid waste management districts will be
allocated for grants to cities, counties and providers of solid waste management
, waste reduction, recycling or related services. The percentage of money
allocated for grants is reduced by the amount previously used for overhead and
administration costs of solid waste management districts. The requirement that a
solid waste management plan be submitted to the Department of Natural Resources
is eliminated.

Currently, a tipping fee is collected per ton accepted by landfills and transfer
stations and deposited into the Solid Waste Management Fund. This act reduces
the fee by the amount previously allocated for solid waste management districts'
overhead and administration costs. The fee for solid waste sanitary landfills
and transfer stations is reduced from $2.11 per ton accepted to $1.71 per ton.
The fee for solid waste demolition landfills is reduced from $1.41 per ton
accepted to $1.20 per ton.

Currently, remaining revenues in the Solid Waste Management Fund are distributed
to the Department of Natural Resources and to grants. This act increases the
percentage of remaining revenues distributed to the Department of Natural
Resources from 39% to 57% and the percentage allocated to grants from 61% to
43%.

These sections are similar to sections contained in SS/SCS/HB 650 (2013).

For further information please visit: http://house.mo.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               4 of 995 DOCUMENTS

             Copyright (c) 1993 by the University of South Carolina
                    South Carolina Environmental Law Journal

                                  Winter, 1993

                             3 S.C Envtl. L.J. 124

LENGTH: 4236 words

ADMINISTRATIVE DEVELOPMENTS

TEXT:
 [*124]  PROCEDURE FOR CONTESTED CASES

S.C. CODE REGS. 61-72

   Revised Regulation 61-72, Procedures for Contested Cases, completely revises
the old regulation which became effective December 14, 1976.  The regulation was
revised to eliminate obsolete terminology and requirements and to modernize the
Department of Health and Environmental Control (DHEC) procedures in contested
case to comply fully with federal and state constitutional and statutory
mandates, state judicial decisions, DHEC Board decisions, and state court rules.
n1

   Significant changes include expanding the definition of "contested cases".
Previously, a contested case was defined as a proceeding in which the legal
rights, duties, or privileges of a party are required by law to be determined by
an agency after an opportunity for hearing.  n2 The expansion reflects the fact
that, following recent state court opinions,  n3 many agency decisions affect
substantial rights even though there may not be any explicit statutory or
regulatory grant of a right to a hearing.  n4

   The revisions also clarify under what circumstances an appeal stays an agency
decision.  The general rule is that a petition for review of an order will stay
that order.  Matters not affected by the petition, however, will not be stayed
by the filing of a petition.  In addition, petitions appealing only the amount
of fines or penalties shall be deemed not to affect those portions of orders
imposing substantive requirements.  After the commencement of an administrative
review, any party may move to lift the automatic stay.  At the conclusion of an
administrative review, the decision of the DHEC Board shall not be stayed except
upon order of the Board or a reviewing court.  n5

   The revisions also address the allocation of the burden of proof and the
prior requirement that the DHEC staff present its case last in any adjudicatory
hearing.  The moving party now bears the burden of proof to establish its
assertions by a preponderance of the evidence and shall present its case first.
Unless DHEC has the burden of proof, it is to present its case last.  n6 The
revisions also address the definition of an Initial Pleading and the steps
necessary to commence an appeal.  n7

    [*125]  SOLID WASTE MANAGEMENT

S.C. CODE REGS. 61-107

   Regulation 61-107 introduces a new series of solid waste management
regulations promulgated pursuant to the provisions of the Solid Waste Policy and
Management Act of 1991  n8 in order to achieve the purposes set forth in the
Act.  n9

SOLID WASTE MANAGEMENT: SOLID WASTE-MANAGEMENT GRANTS, RECYCLING-EDUCATION
GRANTS, AND WASTE-TIRE GRANTS

S.C. CODE REGS. 61-107.1

   Regulation 61-107.1 establishes procedures for the disbursement of solid
waste management grants, recycling-education grants, and waste-tire grants to
local governments or regions for solid waste management and recycling education
and to assist local governments, regions, and public school districts in meeting
the requirements of the Solid Waste Policy and Management Act.  n10

   Requests for funding are to be submitted to DHEC's Office of Solid Waste
Reduction and Recycling.  The regulation sets forth specific eligibility
requirements in order to receive grant funds.  Such requirements include: (1) a
description of the project for which grant funds are requested; (2) an estimate
of the quantity, source, and type of materials to be collected and recycled
under the proposed program; (3) a description of all existing or proposed
recycling facilities or collection centers; and (4) evidence that the grant is
needed to achieve the goals set forth in the Solid Waste Policy and Management
Act.  n11 In addition, the grant application must contain a recycling plan for
the entire population of the service area.  n12

   Upon receipt and approval of the grant application, DHEC will determine the
amount of the grant award and prepare a grant agreement.  The applicant may
request advance funds through the application process; however, the applicant
must sufficiently document and prove such need.  n13

   Each recipient of grant funds must maintain records of all expenditures of
those funds, and the records must be made available to DHEC upon request.
Information on  [*126]  expenditures must also be included in a quarterly report
on the status of the grant.  n14

   DHEC has the right to terminate a grant award and to demand a refund of grant
funds for noncompliance with the terms of the award or this regulation.  Upon
termination, the local government, region, or school district will be declared
ineligible for further grant funds until that entity complies with the terms of
the grant or this regulation.  n15

   Any party aggrieved by a grant decision may apply in writing within thirty
days of the decision to the State Solid Waste Advisory Council for review.
Within forty-five days of the original grant decision, DHEC will inform the
aggrieved party of a hearing established to review the decision.  Under the
regulation, the State Solid Waste Advisory Council must review the DHEC decision
within sixty days of the original grant decision.  n16

MUNICIPAL SOLID WASTE LANDFILLS: SITING, DESIGN, CONSTRUCTION, & OPERATION

S.C. CODE REGS. 61-107.258

   Regulation 61-107.28 establishes minimum criteria under the South Carolina
Solid Waste Policy and Management Act of 1991,  n17 and other applicable federal
regulations for siting, design, construction, and operation of all municipal
solid waste landfills (MSWLF) (including landfills used to dispose of sewage
sludge).

   The regulation became effective October 9, 1993 and applies to owners of new
MSWLF units, existing MSWLF units, and lateral expansions, subject to certain
exceptions.  MSWLF units that stop receiving waste before the effective date are
exempt from the requirements with the exception of the closure criteria and
post-closure requirements.  DHEC may allow vertical expansion of an existing
MSLWF unit for a period not to exceed two (2) years after the effective date of
the regulation.  Such determination will be made on a case-by-case basis.

   Under the regulation, no MSWDF shall be operated in the state of South
Carolina without a written permit from DHEC.  For the purposes of state solid
waste management planning, any MSWLF unit failing to satisfy the criteria set
forth in the regulation will be considered an open dump, which are prohibited by
the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act of 1976.  n18 In addition, any MSWLF
unit containing sewage sludge which  [*127]  fails to satisfy the criteria in
the regulation will be considered in violation of the Clean Water Act.  n19

SOLID WASTE MANAGEMENT: RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, & DEMONSTRATION PERMIT CRITERIA

S.C. CODE REGS. 61-107.10

   Regulation 61-107.10 establishes the minimum standards for the proper
operation and management of solid waste management facilities (SWMF).  n20 The
regulation applies to SWMFs which propose to utilize an innovative or
experimental solid waste management technology or process.  n21

   The general provisions of the regulation provide that DHEC may issue a
research, development, and demonstration permit for any SWMF that proposes to
use a solid waste technology or process for which permit standards have not been
promulgated.  Any permits issued shall be for a period not to exceed two years
and shall include such terms and conditions necessary to assure protection of
human health, safety, and the environment.  n22

STORM WATER MANAGEMENT

S.C. CODE REGS. 72-405 TO -445

   Regulations 72-405 to 72-445 establish minimum standards for controlling
stormwater runoff, erosion, and sedimentation for land- disturbing activities
which are under the control of the South Carolina Department of Highways and
Public Transportation.  n23 Land disturbing activities are defined as changes in
the natural cover that may cause erosion and alter the quality and quantity of
stormwater runoff.  n24 All plans prepared for the Highway Department must
include designs using state-of-the-art practices.  n25 Specific provisions
provide guidance for design criteria and minimum standards for site-specific
plans.  n26 The Highway Department may grant waivers in certain cases.  n27

    [*128]  DAMS AND RESERVOIRS

S.C. CODE REGS. 72-105 TO -145

   Regulations 72-105 to 71-145 incorporate changes made to the Dams and
Reservoirs Safety Act  n28 by the 1992 General Assembly.  The owners of any
"high hazard" dam or "significant hazard" dam must notify the Land Resources
Conservation Commission within thirty days of the transfer of ownership of the
dam or reservoir.  n29 The Commission has the authority to issue orders to dam
owners mandating remedial measures necessary to protect life and property.  n30
Owners of high hazard and significant hazard dams must provide a current
Emergency Alert Notification Plan.  n31 The Commissioner has the authority to
assess administrative fines for violations of the Act or regulations.  n32

HAZARDOUS WASTE MANAGEMENT

S.C. CODE REGS. 61-79

   New regulation 61-79 removes, amends, and adds subject matter to the original
regulation.  The regulation moves regulations for on-specification used oil from
the Hazardous Waste Management Act  n33 to the authority of the South Carolina
Solid Waste Policy and Management Act of 1991.  n34 ,  n35

   Generators who have provided DHEC with information that becomes outdated or
inaccurate are under a duty to notify the Department and update or correct such
information.  n36 As a new record-keeping requirement, generators must retain a
copy of each manifest, Quarterly Report, Exception Report, testing result, and
waste  [*129]  analysis at the facility for three years.  n37 Storage vessels,
temporary storage containers, and pretransport containment storage will have
uniform labeling placed on a visible outer surface for tracking and identifying
waste from generation to off-site disposal.  n38

   New provisions allow an owner or operator to satisfy the financial assurance
of closure requirement by establishing a standby trust fund.  These provisions
replace the federal requirement of an unsecured trust fund.  n39 Permitees must
adjust the cost estimates for post-closure care each year to account for
inflation.  n40 As a general permit application requirement, a site-specific
inspection checklist for conducting DHEC compliance inspections must accompany
new applications and all permit modification requests.  n41 For the convenience
of those applying for permit modifications, an appendix of commonly requested
changes is available that arranges each requested change to correspond to a
relative administrative response.  n42

   The regulations also govern the burning of hazardous waste in industrial
boilers or furnaces to use as processing material or to recover heat energy.
n43 Owners and operators may qualify for interim status if such equipment is
presently operating or if plans for construction of such equipment were approved
before August 21, 1991.  n44 These interim-status facilities must comply with
air quality emission standards which restrict the quantity of off-vented
organics,  n45 particulate matter,  n46 metals,  n47 and noxious gases.  n48
Those facilities that destroy or dispose of hazardous waste through burning are
not subject to this subsection.  n49 Small quantity and low-risk burners are
exempted from this  [*130]  regulation.  n50

SOLID WASTE MANAGEMENT: MUNICIPAL SOLID WASTE PROCESSING FACILITIES

S.C. CODE REGS. 61-107.6

   Regulation 61-107.6 establishes the requirements for the proper operation and
management of all municipal solid waste management and processing facilities.
n51 Municipal solid waste management and processing facilities encompass those
facilities that store, collect, transport, treat, process, or dispose of solid
waste.  n52 Recycling or resource conservation facilities, however, are exempted
from this regulation.  n53

   All owners or operators of existing waste processing facilities must submit
as-built plans of the existing facility to DHEC by November 28, 1993.  n54
Existing facilities that receive municipal solid waste for processing must
conform to the standards of this regulation by May 28, 1994.  n55 A permit for
construction or expansion of an existing processing facility may issue if DHEC
approves a Demonstration of Need request in accordance with S.C. Code section
44-96-290.  n56

   Prior to any construction, modification, or start-up operation for a waste
processing facility, an owner or operator must submit an application and receive
a permit from DHEC.  n57 New or expanding waste processing facilities must
conform to specific design criteria, location requirements, and operations
criteria.  For example, leachate and washwater from the processing facility may
not drain or discharge into waters of the State unless DHEC approves a land
application or an NPDES permit.  n58 In addition, all new facilities must create
a financial responsibility mechanism to ensure satisfactory closure and
post-closure care.  n59

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Environmental LawSolid WastesGeneral OverviewGovernmentsLocal
GovernmentsOrdinances & RegulationsTransportation LawCarrier Duties &
LiabilitiesHazardous Materials

FOOTNOTES:




n1  17 S.C. State Reg. (No. 4) 75 (1993).




n2  Id. at 76.




n3  See, e.g., Stono River Envtl. Protection Ass'n v. Department of Health &
Envtl. Control, 305 S.C. 90, 406 S.E.2d 340 (1991); Triska v. Department of
Health & Envtl. Control, 355 S.E.2d 531 (S.C. 1987).




n4  17 S.C. State Reg. (No. 4) 76 (1993).




n5  Id. at 79.




n6  Id. at 83.




n7  Id. at 84.




n8  S.C. CODE ANN. § 44-96-10 to -470 (Law. Co-op. Supp. 1993).




n9  17 S.C. State Regs. (No. 4) 69 (1993).




n10  Id. at 69.




n11  Id. at 71.




n12  Id. at 72.




n13  Id. at 70.




n14  Id. at 71.




n15  Id.




n16  Id. at 75.




n17  S.C. CODE ANN. § 44-96-10 to -470 (Law. Co-op. Supp. 1993).




n18  42 U.S.C.A. §§ 6901-6991 (West 1986 & Supp. 1993).




n19  33 U.S.C.A. §§ 1251-1387 (West 1986 & Supp. 1993).




n20  17 S.C. State Reg. (No. 6) 167 (1993).




n21  Id.




n22  Id. at 168.




n23  17 S.C. State Reg. (No. 5) 161 (1993).




n24  Id.




n25  Id.




n26  Id. at 162-166.




n27  Id. at 162.




n28  S.C. CODE ANN. §§ 49-11-110 to -260 (Law. Co-op. 1987 & Supp. 1993).




n29  17 S.C. State Reg. (No. 5) 157 (1993).




n30  Id. at 156.




n31  Id. at 152.




n32  Id. at 157.




n33  S.C. CODE ANN. §§ 44-56-10 to -210 (Law. Co-op. 1985 & Supp. 1993).




n34  S.C. CODE ANN. §§ 44-96-10 to -235 (Law. Co-op. Supp. 1993).




n35  17 S.C. State Reg. (No. 5) 2, 12 (1993).




n36  Id.




n37  Id. at 3.




n38  Id. at 2,3.




n39  Id. at 3-5.




n40  Id. at 5-11.




n41  Id. at 316,317.




n42  Id. at 317-319.




n43  Id. at 12-13.




n44  Id. at 24-43.




n45  Id. at 43-47.




n46  Id. at 47.




n47  Id. at 47-53.




n48  Id. at 53,54.




n49  Id. at 12.




n50  Id. at 54-58.




n51  17 S.C. State Reg. 216 (1993).




n52  Id. at 218.




N53  Id. at 216.




n54  Id. at 218.




n55  Id.




n56  Id. at 218.




n57  Id. at 219.




n58  Id. at 223.




n59  Id. at 224.


                               5 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 16, 2016 Saturday

Tennessee: TDEC Awards Grants to Tennessee Development Districts

LENGTH: 445  words

DATELINE: New York



 Nashville: The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:



 The Tennessee Department of Environment and Conservation (TDEC) today announced
that nine development districts will receive grants totaling more than $450,000
to support solid waste management activities in Tennessee communities.





 "The support provided by Tennessee development district offices has been
instrumental in the planning and implementation of the Solid Waste Management
Act," said TDEC Commissioner Bob Martineau. "We're pleased to be able to
continue our support of this important work."



 The grants include:



 East Tennessee Development District                             $65,358

 First Tennessee Development District                             $71,690

 Greater Nashville Regional Council                                  $48,390

 Memphis Area Association of Government                   $34,872

 Northwest Tennessee Development District                 $54,609

 South Central Tennessee Development District           $56,046

 Southeast Tennessee Development District                  $47,753

 Southwest Tennessee Development District                 $41,337

 Upper Cumberland Development District                     $40,738



 Development districts are important partners in TDEC's implementation of its
2015-2025 Solid Waste and Materials Management Plan. The grant supports
development districts in preparing valuable solid waste planning functions
including compiling information about landfills, source reduction, composting
and recycling for each of the 66 solid waste region's annual progress report.
The report is a planning and reporting tool required by the Solid Waste
Management Act of 1991, which was the first comprehensive solid waste planning
legislation in Tennessee history. The data is used to determine each region's
progress towards Tennessee's goal to achieve 25 percent waste reduction in Class
I landfill solid waste.



 Local governments also receive technical assistance from development districts
in designing, implementing, upgrading and maintaining solid waste programs,
systems and facilities, including landfills, convenience centers and recycling
centers.



 Development District Grants were authorized by the Solid Waste Management Act
of 1991 and are supported from the Tennessee Solid Waste Management Fund
administered by TDEC. The Tennessee Solid Waste Management Fund receives its
revenues from a tipping fee surcharge on each ton of solid waste disposed of in
Class I landfills and from a pre-disposal fee on new tires sold in the state.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               6 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 15, 2016 Friday

Tennessee: TDEC Awards Grants to Tennessee Development Districts

LENGTH: 445  words

DATELINE: New York



 Nashville: The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:



 The Tennessee Department of Environment and Conservation (TDEC) today announced
that nine development districts will receive grants totaling more than $450,000
to support solid waste management activities in Tennessee communities.





 "The support provided by Tennessee development district offices has been
instrumental in the planning and implementation of the Solid Waste Management
Act," said TDEC Commissioner Bob Martineau. "We're pleased to be able to
continue our support of this important work."



 The grants include:



 East Tennessee Development District                             $65,358

 First Tennessee Development District                             $71,690

 Greater Nashville Regional Council                                  $48,390

 Memphis Area Association of Government                   $34,872

 Northwest Tennessee Development District                 $54,609

 South Central Tennessee Development District           $56,046

 Southeast Tennessee Development District                  $47,753

 Southwest Tennessee Development District                 $41,337

 Upper Cumberland Development District                     $40,738



 Development districts are important partners in TDEC's implementation of its
2015-2025 Solid Waste and Materials Management Plan. The grant supports
development districts in preparing valuable solid waste planning functions
including compiling information about landfills, source reduction, composting
and recycling for each of the 66 solid waste region's annual progress report.
The report is a planning and reporting tool required by the Solid Waste
Management Act of 1991, which was the first comprehensive solid waste planning
legislation in Tennessee history. The data is used to determine each region's
progress towards Tennessee's goal to achieve 25 percent waste reduction in Class
I landfill solid waste.



 Local governments also receive technical assistance from development districts
in designing, implementing, upgrading and maintaining solid waste programs,
systems and facilities, including landfills, convenience centers and recycling
centers.



 Development District Grants were authorized by the Solid Waste Management Act
of 1991 and are supported from the Tennessee Solid Waste Management Fund
administered by TDEC. The Tennessee Solid Waste Management Fund receives its
revenues from a tipping fee surcharge on each ton of solid waste disposed of in
Class I landfills and from a pre-disposal fee on new tires sold in the state.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               7 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 15, 2016 Friday

Tennessee: TDEC Awards Grants to Tennessee Development Districts

LENGTH: 445  words

DATELINE: New York



 Nashville: The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:



 The Tennessee Department of Environment and Conservation (TDEC) today announced
that nine development districts will receive grants totaling more than $450,000
to support solid waste management activities in Tennessee communities.





 "The support provided by Tennessee development district offices has been
instrumental in the planning and implementation of the Solid Waste Management
Act," said TDEC Commissioner Bob Martineau. "We're pleased to be able to
continue our support of this important work."



 The grants include:



 East Tennessee Development District                             $65,358

 First Tennessee Development District                             $71,690

 Greater Nashville Regional Council                                  $48,390

 Memphis Area Association of Government                   $34,872

 Northwest Tennessee Development District                 $54,609

 South Central Tennessee Development District           $56,046

 Southeast Tennessee Development District                  $47,753

 Southwest Tennessee Development District                 $41,337

 Upper Cumberland Development District                     $40,738



 Development districts are important partners in TDEC's implementation of its
2015-2025 Solid Waste and Materials Management Plan. The grant supports
development districts in preparing valuable solid waste planning functions
including compiling information about landfills, source reduction, composting
and recycling for each of the 66 solid waste region's annual progress report.
The report is a planning and reporting tool required by the Solid Waste
Management Act of 1991, which was the first comprehensive solid waste planning
legislation in Tennessee history. The data is used to determine each region's
progress towards Tennessee's goal to achieve 25 percent waste reduction in Class
I landfill solid waste.



 Local governments also receive technical assistance from development districts
in designing, implementing, upgrading and maintaining solid waste programs,
systems and facilities, including landfills, convenience centers and recycling
centers.



 Development District Grants were authorized by the Solid Waste Management Act
of 1991 and are supported from the Tennessee Solid Waste Management Fund
administered by TDEC. The Tennessee Solid Waste Management Fund receives its
revenues from a tipping fee surcharge on each ton of solid waste disposed of in
Class I landfills and from a pre-disposal fee on new tires sold in the state.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               8 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                             April 26, 2010 Monday

Bredesen Announces Development District Grants to Help Manage and Reduce Waste
in Tennessee

LENGTH: 509  words

DATELINE: NASHVILLE


NASHVILLE, April 26 -- The Tennessee Department of Environment has issued
following press release:

Governor Phil Bredesen and Department of Environment and Conservation
Commissioner Jim Fyke announced today that eight of the state's development
districts will receive grants totaling $304,383 to support solid waste
management activities in fiscal year 2010-11 in communities across Tennessee.

The Tennessee General Assembly established the state's development districts in
1966 to do general and comprehensive planning and conduct development and
administration activities for local governments.

"The assistance provided to local communities and municipal leaders through
these grants will continue the state's solid waste reduction goals," said
Bredesen.

Tennessee's development districts assist the state's solid waste planning
regions in compiling information about landfills, source reduction, composting
and recycling for the state's Annual Progress Report. The report is a planning
and reporting tool required by the Solid Waste Management Act of 1991, which was
the first comprehensive solid waste planning legislation in Tennessee history.
The data is used to determine each region's progress towards Tennessee's goal to
achieve 25 percent waste reduction in Class I landfill solid waste.

Local governments also receive technical assistance from development districts
in designing, implementing, upgrading and maintaining solid waste programs,
systems and facilities, including landfills, convenience centers and recycling
centers.

"The support provided by our state's development district offices have been
instrumental in assisting solid waste regions with planning and implementing
mandates of the Solid Waste Management Act," said Fyke. "We're pleased to be
able to continue our support of this important work."

Grant amounts are determined on an annual basis and awarded based on available
funding and the scope of work undertaken by each district. The grants announced
today include:

*

East Tennessee Development District -- $36,240

*

First Tennessee Development District -- $31,568

*

Greater Nashville Regional Council -- $49,622

*

Northwest Tennessee Development District -- $37,861

*

South Central Tennessee Development District -- $34,000

*

Southeast Tennessee Development District -- $45,744

*

Southwest Tennessee Development District -- $27,740

*

Upper Cumberland Development District -- $41,608

Development District Grants were authorized by the Solid Waste Management Act of
1991 and are supported from the Tennessee Solid Waste Management Fund that is
administered by the Department of Environment and Conservation. The Tennessee
Solid Waste Management Fund receives its revenues from a tipping fee surcharge
on each ton of solid waste disposed of in Class I landfills and from a
pre-disposal fee on new tires sold in the state.

For more information please contact plusnewspk@gmail.com Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For more information on news
feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                               9 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 9, 2016 Saturday

South Dakota: Gov. Daugaard Announces $39,000 for Landfill Manager Certification
Course

LENGTH: 307  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Pierre: State of South Dakota has issued the following news release:



 Gov. Dennis Daugaard says the state Board of Water and Natural Resources has
approved a $39,000 grant from the Solid Waste Management Program to the South
Dakota Solid Waste Management Association.  The grant will be used to conduct a
national certification course in May for landfill managers and operators from
across the state.





 "It's imperative to have South Dakota landfill managers and operators
adequately trained and certified to ensure the proper handling and disposal of
solid waste," said Gov. Daugaard. "This training is important because certified
landfill workers can better operate their landfills, improve protection of the
environment and save money for their customers by improving landfill
efficiency."



 The South Dakota Solid Waste Management Association is proposing to host
Manager of Landfill Operations training. The course will certify new landfill
managers and regulators, maintain existing certifications and train new staff in
the solid waste industry.



 The Manager of Landfill Operations course was last held in October 2013. The
grant funds will help to defray registration costs for South Dakota landfill
operators who attend.



 The South Dakota Solid Waste Management Association is made up of professionals
in the solid waste industry.



 The Solid Waste Management Program provides grants and loans for solid waste
disposal, recycling and waste tire projects. The Legislature annually
appropriates dedicated water and waste funding for the Consolidated, State Water
Resources Management System and Solid Waste programs through the Governor's
Omnibus Water Funding Bill.



 The board met Friday over the Digital Dakota Network.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 9, 2016 Saturday

South Dakota: Gov. Daugaard Announces $39,000 for Landfill Manager Certification
Course

LENGTH: 307  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Pierre: State of South Dakota has issued the following news release:



 Gov. Dennis Daugaard says the state Board of Water and Natural Resources has
approved a $39,000 grant from the Solid Waste Management Program to the South
Dakota Solid Waste Management Association.  The grant will be used to conduct a
national certification course in May for landfill managers and operators from
across the state.





 "It's imperative to have South Dakota landfill managers and operators
adequately trained and certified to ensure the proper handling and disposal of
solid waste," said Gov. Daugaard. "This training is important because certified
landfill workers can better operate their landfills, improve protection of the
environment and save money for their customers by improving landfill
efficiency."



 The South Dakota Solid Waste Management Association is proposing to host
Manager of Landfill Operations training. The course will certify new landfill
managers and regulators, maintain existing certifications and train new staff in
the solid waste industry.



 The Manager of Landfill Operations course was last held in October 2013. The
grant funds will help to defray registration costs for South Dakota landfill
operators who attend.



 The South Dakota Solid Waste Management Association is made up of professionals
in the solid waste industry.



 The Solid Waste Management Program provides grants and loans for solid waste
disposal, recycling and waste tire projects. The Legislature annually
appropriates dedicated water and waste funding for the Consolidated, State Water
Resources Management System and Solid Waste programs through the Governor's
Omnibus Water Funding Bill.



 The board met Friday over the Digital Dakota Network.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 20, 2014 Saturday

Tennessee: TDEC announces more than $500,000 in Recycling Equipment Grants

LENGTH: 675  words

DATELINE: Nashville


The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:

The Tennessee Department of Environment and Conservation's Division of Solid and
Waste Management has announced approximately $531,820 will go toward the
purchase of recycling equipment to help reduce landfill waste in Tennessee.

Recycling equipment grants may be used to purchase key equipment for new
recycling programs, improve and expand the operation of existing systems, or
prepare recyclable materials for transport and marketing.

"This grant money will positively impact not only our environment but our
economy," said TDEC Commissioner Bob Martineau. "The recycling equipment
purchased through these grants will help local governments avoid landfill costs
while providing additional resources for the recycling of materials."

Grants may be awarded to counties, cities, nonprofit recycling organizations and
solid waste authorities to help reach or exceed the goals set forth in the Solid
Waste Management Act of 1991. Each recipient is required to match the state
grant on a sliding scale basis. A local match of 10 percent to 50 percent toward
these 28 projects will be required based on an economic formula.

The grant program helps encourage recycling and reduces the amount of solid
waste going into Tennessee landfills. It was authorized by the Solid Waste
Management Act of 1991 and is supported by the Tennessee Solid Waste Management
Fund, which is administered by the Department of Environment and Conservation.
The fund receives its revenues from a state surcharge on each ton of solid waste
disposed in landfills and from a fee on new tires sold in the state.

A full listing of all grant recipients is on page two of this document.

For more information about TDEC's Solid Waste Assistance & Recycling Programs,
please visit http://www.tn.gov/environment/solid-waste/solid-waste_grants.shtml.

APPLICANT


COUNTY


MATCH AMOUNT


GRANT AMOUNT


EQUIPMENT DESCRIPTION

Cannon County


Cannon


$2,305.95


$20,754.00


Skid Steer

Carroll County


Carroll


$6,160.00


$24,640.00


Recycling Collection Truck

Carter County


Carter


$6,116.00


$24,464.00


Roll Off Containers & Dumpster Containers

Chester County


Chester


$1,653.00


$14,877.00


Roll Off Containers

City of Clifton


Wayne


$677.50


$6,098.00


Curbside Recycling Bins W/Custom Stamping

City of LaFollette


Campbell


$5,470.00


$21,880.00


Side Load Refuse Body

City of Newport


Cocke


$4,799.10


$19,196.00


18 Gallon Bins

City of Tullahoma


Coffee


$8,500.00


$12,750.00


Aluminum Can Baler & Recycle Bins for Cardboard

Claiborne County Solid Waste


Claiborne


$5,740.00


$22,960.00


Baler W/15 Horse Power Motor

Clay County


Clay


$2,480.00


$22,320.00


Brush Chipper

Cumberland County Solid Waste


Cumberland


$25,000.00


$25,000.00


Truck Scales

Fayette County


Fayette


$14,000.00


$14,000.00


Roll Off Container

Franklin County


Franklin


$16,700.11


$25,000.00


Recycling Containers

Goodwill Industries-Knoxville, Inc.-Pope Road--Hamblen


Hamblen


$9,920.00


$14,880.00


Used Box Truck

Henry County


Henry


$9,750.00


$22,750.00


1 Ton Box Truck

Jackson County


Jackson


$1,987.20


$17,885.00


Recycling Containers

Keep Fayetteville/Lincoln County Beautiful, Inc.


Lincoln


$11,000.00


$16,500.00


Forklift & Baler

Lauderdale County


Lauderdale


$2,500.00


$22,500.00


Skid Steer

Marshall County


Marshall


$9,750.00


$22,750.00


Skid Loader

McNairy County


Van Buren


$2,438.00


$9,752.00


Recycling Mobile Containers

Monroe County


Monroe


$7,588.28


$17,706.00


Fork Lift

Morgan County


Morgan


$2,430.00


$21,870.00


Vertical Baler & Recycling Trailer

Overton County


Overton


$2,813.20


$11,253.00


Containers & Scales

Roane County


Roane


$78,915.00


$25,000.00


Sorting Line

Smith County


Smith


$6,661.50


$15,544.00


20 Yard Rectangular  ROC,22" Long & 40 Yard Rectangular ROC, 22' Long

Town of Caryville


Campbell


$4,796.40


$19,186.00


35 Gallon Recycling Containers W/Wheels

Van Buren County


Van Buren


$1,996.40


$17,968.00


Recycling Bins

Warren County


Warren


$9,573.00


$22,337.00


Containers for Cardboard & Plastic Front Loader Boxes

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              12 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 19, 2014 Friday

Tennessee: TDEC announces more than $500,000 in Recycling Equipment Grants

LENGTH: 675  words

DATELINE: Nashville


The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:

The Tennessee Department of Environment and Conservation's Division of Solid and
Waste Management has announced approximately $531,820 will go toward the
purchase of recycling equipment to help reduce landfill waste in Tennessee.

Recycling equipment grants may be used to purchase key equipment for new
recycling programs, improve and expand the operation of existing systems, or
prepare recyclable materials for transport and marketing.

"This grant money will positively impact not only our environment but our
economy," said TDEC Commissioner Bob Martineau. "The recycling equipment
purchased through these grants will help local governments avoid landfill costs
while providing additional resources for the recycling of materials."

Grants may be awarded to counties, cities, nonprofit recycling organizations and
solid waste authorities to help reach or exceed the goals set forth in the Solid
Waste Management Act of 1991. Each recipient is required to match the state
grant on a sliding scale basis. A local match of 10 percent to 50 percent toward
these 28 projects will be required based on an economic formula.

The grant program helps encourage recycling and reduces the amount of solid
waste going into Tennessee landfills. It was authorized by the Solid Waste
Management Act of 1991 and is supported by the Tennessee Solid Waste Management
Fund, which is administered by the Department of Environment and Conservation.
The fund receives its revenues from a state surcharge on each ton of solid waste
disposed in landfills and from a fee on new tires sold in the state.

A full listing of all grant recipients is on page two of this document.

For more information about TDEC's Solid Waste Assistance & Recycling Programs,
please visit http://www.tn.gov/environment/solid-waste/solid-waste_grants.shtml.

APPLICANT


COUNTY


MATCH AMOUNT


GRANT AMOUNT


EQUIPMENT DESCRIPTION

Cannon County


Cannon


$2,305.95


$20,754.00


Skid Steer

Carroll County


Carroll


$6,160.00


$24,640.00


Recycling Collection Truck

Carter County


Carter


$6,116.00


$24,464.00


Roll Off Containers & Dumpster Containers

Chester County


Chester


$1,653.00


$14,877.00


Roll Off Containers

City of Clifton


Wayne


$677.50


$6,098.00


Curbside Recycling Bins W/Custom Stamping

City of LaFollette


Campbell


$5,470.00


$21,880.00


Side Load Refuse Body

City of Newport


Cocke


$4,799.10


$19,196.00


18 Gallon Bins

City of Tullahoma


Coffee


$8,500.00


$12,750.00


Aluminum Can Baler & Recycle Bins for Cardboard

Claiborne County Solid Waste


Claiborne


$5,740.00


$22,960.00


Baler W/15 Horse Power Motor

Clay County


Clay


$2,480.00


$22,320.00


Brush Chipper

Cumberland County Solid Waste


Cumberland


$25,000.00


$25,000.00


Truck Scales

Fayette County


Fayette


$14,000.00


$14,000.00


Roll Off Container

Franklin County


Franklin


$16,700.11


$25,000.00


Recycling Containers

Goodwill Industries-Knoxville, Inc.-Pope Road--Hamblen


Hamblen


$9,920.00


$14,880.00


Used Box Truck

Henry County


Henry


$9,750.00


$22,750.00


1 Ton Box Truck

Jackson County


Jackson


$1,987.20


$17,885.00


Recycling Containers

Keep Fayetteville/Lincoln County Beautiful, Inc.


Lincoln


$11,000.00


$16,500.00


Forklift & Baler

Lauderdale County


Lauderdale


$2,500.00


$22,500.00


Skid Steer

Marshall County


Marshall


$9,750.00


$22,750.00


Skid Loader

McNairy County


Van Buren


$2,438.00


$9,752.00


Recycling Mobile Containers

Monroe County


Monroe


$7,588.28


$17,706.00


Fork Lift

Morgan County


Morgan


$2,430.00


$21,870.00


Vertical Baler & Recycling Trailer

Overton County


Overton


$2,813.20


$11,253.00


Containers & Scales

Roane County


Roane


$78,915.00


$25,000.00


Sorting Line

Smith County


Smith


$6,661.50


$15,544.00


20 Yard Rectangular  ROC,22" Long & 40 Yard Rectangular ROC, 22' Long

Town of Caryville


Campbell


$4,796.40


$19,186.00


35 Gallon Recycling Containers W/Wheels

Van Buren County


Van Buren


$1,996.40


$17,968.00


Recycling Bins

Warren County


Warren


$9,573.00


$22,337.00


Containers for Cardboard & Plastic Front Loader Boxes

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 18, 2014 Thursday

Tennessee: TDEC announces more than $500,000 in Recycling Equipment Grants

LENGTH: 675  words

DATELINE: Nashville


The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:

The Tennessee Department of Environment and Conservation's Division of Solid and
Waste Management has announced approximately $531,820 will go toward the
purchase of recycling equipment to help reduce landfill waste in Tennessee.

Recycling equipment grants may be used to purchase key equipment for new
recycling programs, improve and expand the operation of existing systems, or
prepare recyclable materials for transport and marketing.

"This grant money will positively impact not only our environment but our
economy," said TDEC Commissioner Bob Martineau. "The recycling equipment
purchased through these grants will help local governments avoid landfill costs
while providing additional resources for the recycling of materials."

Grants may be awarded to counties, cities, nonprofit recycling organizations and
solid waste authorities to help reach or exceed the goals set forth in the Solid
Waste Management Act of 1991. Each recipient is required to match the state
grant on a sliding scale basis. A local match of 10 percent to 50 percent toward
these 28 projects will be required based on an economic formula.

The grant program helps encourage recycling and reduces the amount of solid
waste going into Tennessee landfills. It was authorized by the Solid Waste
Management Act of 1991 and is supported by the Tennessee Solid Waste Management
Fund, which is administered by the Department of Environment and Conservation.
The fund receives its revenues from a state surcharge on each ton of solid waste
disposed in landfills and from a fee on new tires sold in the state.

A full listing of all grant recipients is on page two of this document.

For more information about TDEC's Solid Waste Assistance & Recycling Programs,
please visit http://www.tn.gov/environment/solid-waste/solid-waste_grants.shtml.

APPLICANT


COUNTY


MATCH AMOUNT


GRANT AMOUNT


EQUIPMENT DESCRIPTION

Cannon County


Cannon


$2,305.95


$20,754.00


Skid Steer

Carroll County


Carroll


$6,160.00


$24,640.00


Recycling Collection Truck

Carter County


Carter


$6,116.00


$24,464.00


Roll Off Containers & Dumpster Containers

Chester County


Chester


$1,653.00


$14,877.00


Roll Off Containers

City of Clifton


Wayne


$677.50


$6,098.00


Curbside Recycling Bins W/Custom Stamping

City of LaFollette


Campbell


$5,470.00


$21,880.00


Side Load Refuse Body

City of Newport


Cocke


$4,799.10


$19,196.00


18 Gallon Bins

City of Tullahoma


Coffee


$8,500.00


$12,750.00


Aluminum Can Baler & Recycle Bins for Cardboard

Claiborne County Solid Waste


Claiborne


$5,740.00


$22,960.00


Baler W/15 Horse Power Motor

Clay County


Clay


$2,480.00


$22,320.00


Brush Chipper

Cumberland County Solid Waste


Cumberland


$25,000.00


$25,000.00


Truck Scales

Fayette County


Fayette


$14,000.00


$14,000.00


Roll Off Container

Franklin County


Franklin


$16,700.11


$25,000.00


Recycling Containers

Goodwill Industries-Knoxville, Inc.-Pope Road--Hamblen


Hamblen


$9,920.00


$14,880.00


Used Box Truck

Henry County


Henry


$9,750.00


$22,750.00


1 Ton Box Truck

Jackson County


Jackson


$1,987.20


$17,885.00


Recycling Containers

Keep Fayetteville/Lincoln County Beautiful, Inc.


Lincoln


$11,000.00


$16,500.00


Forklift & Baler

Lauderdale County


Lauderdale


$2,500.00


$22,500.00


Skid Steer

Marshall County


Marshall


$9,750.00


$22,750.00


Skid Loader

McNairy County


Van Buren


$2,438.00


$9,752.00


Recycling Mobile Containers

Monroe County


Monroe


$7,588.28


$17,706.00


Fork Lift

Morgan County


Morgan


$2,430.00


$21,870.00


Vertical Baler & Recycling Trailer

Overton County


Overton


$2,813.20


$11,253.00


Containers & Scales

Roane County


Roane


$78,915.00


$25,000.00


Sorting Line

Smith County


Smith


$6,661.50


$15,544.00


20 Yard Rectangular  ROC,22" Long & 40 Yard Rectangular ROC, 22' Long

Town of Caryville


Campbell


$4,796.40


$19,186.00


35 Gallon Recycling Containers W/Wheels

Van Buren County


Van Buren


$1,996.40


$17,968.00


Recycling Bins

Warren County


Warren


$9,573.00


$22,337.00


Containers for Cardboard & Plastic Front Loader Boxes

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 16, 2014 Monday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Washington County

LENGTH: 181  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Washington
County a solid waste assistance grant of $45,000 that will be used by the county
to develop a comprehensive solid waste management plan.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Washington County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Trudy D. Fisher, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

For further information please visit: http://www.deq.state.ms.us

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                    The Floyd County Times, Prestonburg, Ky.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            August 11, 2016 Thursday

Division of Waste Management seeks grant application

BYLINE: The Floyd County Times, Prestonburg, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 481 words


Aug. 11--FRANKFORT -- The Energy and Environment Cabinet's (EEC) Division of
Waste Management (DWM) is calling for grant applications for two of its
signature programs, illegal dump cleanup and the cleanup of litter along public
roads.

"These grant programs provide much-needed funding to local governments," said
EEC Secretary Charles Snavely. "The illegal open dump program has been very
successful, cleaning up 2365 illegal dump sites since its inception in 2006.

"The Litter Abatement Grant program is a very simple and efficient way to help
the scenic cities and counties of the Commonwealth ensure that their roads
remain litter-free," added Snavely.

Since 2003, state and local governments have cleaned up more than 2.3 million
miles of roadways with help from these grants.

Cleanup of illegal dumps: County governments can now apply for funds to clean up
illegal open dumps.

Grant funding comes from the Kentucky Pride Fund and is underwritten by a $1.75
per ton fee on municipal solid waste disposed of in Kentucky's contained
landfills. In the event that sufficient funds are not available to award every
request, grant awards may be prioritized on several factors, including: location
of the dump relative to sensitive receptors or protected areas, the relative
hazard posed by the contents of the dumps and the size of the dump.

Applications must be received by Lisa Evans at the Division of Waste Management
no later than 4:30 p.m. on Tuesday, Nov. 1, 2016. The complete, signed original
application and any supporting documentation must be submitted in order for the
application to be complete.

Each grant requires a 25 percent local match. Grant application packets are
being sent by email to county judge-executives and solid waste coordinators. For
more information, contact Lisa Evans by calling 502-782-6355 or emailing
lisa.evans@ky.gov

Litter abatement: Grant requests for litter cleanup will be accepted from
counties in compliance with their five-year solid waste management plans and
from incorporated cities which, by solid waste ordinance or other means, provide
municipal solid waste collection service.

The Litter Abatement Grant program is supported by the Kentucky Transportation
Cabinet's Road Fund and Highway Construction Contingency Fund.

Grant requests must be received by Lisa Evans at the Division of Waste
Management no later than 4:30 p.m. on Tuesday, Nov. 1, 201165. The signed
original agreement and any supporting documentation must be submitted in order
for the request to be complete.

Grant request packets are being sent by email to county judge-executives, mayors
and solid waste coordinators.

For more information, contact Lisa Evans at 502-782-6355 or e-mail
lisa.evans@ky.gov

___ (c)2016 The Floyd County Times (Prestonsburg, Ky.) Visit The Floyd County
Times (Prestonsburg, Ky.) at www.floydcountytimes.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160811-QO-Division-of-Waste-Management-seeks-grant
-application-0811-20160811

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QO


            Copyright 2016 The Floyd County Times, Prestonburg, Ky.


                              16 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 7, 2014 Tuesday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant and Waste Tire Grant to
Leflore County

LENGTH: 249  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) has awarded Leflore
County a solid waste assistance grant of $13,560 that will be used by the county
to clean up illegal dump sites. The agency also awarded the county a $50,000
waste tire grant to continue the local waste tire collection program for small
quantity generators of waste tires.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Leflore County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Trudy D. Fisher, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are utilized by
local communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to
aid in hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education
efforts on solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the
collection of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

Funding for waste tire grants is provided by a waste tire account funded from a
fee charged on the wholesale sale of every new motor vehicle tire sold in
Mississippi. This fee provides the funds to ensure and encourage the proper
management and disposal of waste tires.

For further information please visit: http://www.deq.state.ms.us

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 5, 2014 Friday

Vermont: DEC - WASTE MANAGEMENT & PREVENTION DIVISION Issues Solicitation for "
Solid Waste Implementation Plan Grant"

LENGTH: 181  words

DATELINE: Montpelier


DEC - WASTE MANAGEMENT & PREVENTION DIVISION has issued requirement for "Solid
Waste Implementation Plan Grant"

Reference No.: VT 05620

Solicitation Type: Bid

Description: For the past 15 years the Department of Environmental Conservation,
Solid Waste Program has supported the Solid Waste districts, towns and alliances
with a grant fund to assist with the cost of the specific programs and/or
projects. The projects are required to help implement the solid waste management
entity's Solid Waste Implementation Plan (SWIP). The Solid Waste Program's Solid
Waste Assistance Fund (SWAF) has made available $411,000 to be divided up
between 30+/- municipalities. The formula is based on a 60% population, 40%
based on number of member municipalities, $2,000 minimum award. Only Vermont
municipalities are eligible for these funds.

Deadline for All responses: 1/28/2015 4:30 PM

Contact Information:

Patricia LaRose
Phone: (802) 477-3405
Fax:
Email: patricia.larose@state.vt.us

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                  Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 10, 2012 Tuesday

BRIEF: MDEQ grant to pay for Lee solid waste officer

BYLINE: Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 112 words


April 10--Lee County won an $18,628 solid-waste assistance grant from the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality.

The grant will offset the costs of a local solid waste enforcement officer.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist the
efforts of Lee County in improving their management of solid waste," said Trudy
D. Fisher, MDEQ executive director, in a news release.

___ (c)2012 the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) Visit the
Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) at www.nems360.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120410-TP-BRF-MDEQ-grant-to-pay-for-Lee-solid-waste
-officer-0410-20120410

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TP


               Copyright 2012 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal


                              19 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 26, 2016 Monday

South Dakota: Gov. Daugaard Announces $860,370 for Environmental Projects

LENGTH: 251  words

DATELINE: New York



 Pierre: The Governor of South Dakota has issued the following news release:



 Gov. Dennis Daugaard says the state Board of Water and Natural Resources has
approved $860,370 for six solid waste management projects. The board met today
over the Digital Dakota Network.









 The total includes $545,170 in grants and $315,200 in low-interest loans.







 "I am pleased to announce that this money is available to assist local
communities," said Gov. Daugaard. "Grant and loan awards will result in enhanced
protection of the environment."







 The grants and loans awarded by the board are administered through the
Department of Environment and Natural Resources (DENR).







 Grants were awarded to:



     Ecomaniacs, $4,000 grant for recycling education equipment

     Madison, $17,000 grant for restricted use site expansion

     Naples, $23,840 grant for dump site cleanup and remediation

     Seneca, $23,900 grant for dump site cleanup and remediation

     Tri-County Landfill Association, $3,630 grant for geothermal piping system
for storage building heatThe grants and loan were awarded from DENR's Solid
Waste Management Program.







 The Solid Waste Management Program provides grants and loans for solid waste
disposal, recycling and waste tire projects. The Legislature annually
appropriates dedicated funding for the Solid Waste program through the
Governor's Omnibus Water Funding Bill.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                        Laurel Leader-Call (Mississippi)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 17, 2011 Sunday

Grants to assist Smith Co. with environmental clean-up

BYLINE: Charlotte Graham, Laurel Leader-Call, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 377 words


July 17--SMITH COUNTY -- The  Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality
(MDEQ) has  awarded two grants to Smith County to assist the county with
environmental clean-up in the area.

Smith County received a $10,904  solid waste assistance grant that will be used
by the county for clean up of unauthorized dump sites. The county also received
a $17,000 waste tire grant to continue the local waste tire collection program
for small quantity generators of waste tires.

"These grants will help us tremendously since our budgets are so tight," said
Smith County Purchasing Agent Rita McDonald. "We won't have to come out of beat
funds to clean-up these illegal dump sites."

McDonald said it is also good to be reimbursed for money used to pay companies
for the disposal of waste tires. "The more money we can save, the better," she
said.

MDEQ Executive Director Trudy D. Fisher said the Solid Waste Assistance Grants
"support a variety of useful solid waste management activities for cities and
counties, and these grants will assist the efforts of Smith County in improving
their management of solid waste."

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are utilized by
local communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to
aid in hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education
efforts on solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the
collection of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

Funding for waste tire grants is provided by a waste tire account funded from a
fee charged on the wholesale sale of every new motor vehicle tire sold in
Mississippi. This fee provides the funds to ensure and encourage the proper
management and disposal of waste tires in the state.

Info about grant programs and other initiatives is available at
www.deq.state.ms.us/solidwaste.

To see more of the Laurel Leader-Call or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.leadercall.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Laurel Leader-Call, Miss.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110717-LH-Grants
-to-assist-Smith-Co-with-environmental-clean-up-0717-20110717

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LH


                       Copyright 2011 Laurel Leader-Call


                              21 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 24, 2016 Saturday

South Dakota: Gov. Daugaard Announces $860,370 for Environmental Projects

LENGTH: 283  words

DATELINE: New York



 Pierre: The Governor of South Dakota has issued the following news release:



 Gov. Dennis Daugaard says the state Board of Water and Natural Resources has
approved $860,370 for six solid waste management projects. The board met today
over the Digital Dakota Network.









 The total includes $545,170 in grants and $315,200 in low-interest loans.







 "I am pleased to announce that this money is available to assist local
communities," said Gov. Daugaard. "Grant and loan awards will result in enhanced
protection of the environment."







 The grants and loans awarded by the board are administered through the
Department of Environment and Natural Resources (DENR).







 Grants were awarded to:



     Ecomaniacs, $4,000 grant for recycling education equipment

     Madison, $17,000 grant for restricted use site expansion

     Naples, $23,840 grant for dump site cleanup and remediation

     Seneca, $23,900 grant for dump site cleanup and remediation

     Tri-County Landfill Association, $3,630 grant for geothermal piping system
for storage building heatA grant and loan package was awarded to:



     Northwest South Dakota Regional Landfill, $788,000 for construction of
landfill cell #3 that includes a $472,800 grant and $315,200 loan







 The grants and loan were awarded from DENR's Solid Waste Management Program.







 The Solid Waste Management Program provides grants and loans for solid waste
disposal, recycling and waste tire projects. The Legislature annually
appropriates dedicated funding for the Solid Waste program through the
Governor's Omnibus Water Funding Bill.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 16, 2014 Tuesday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Harrison County for HHW
Event

LENGTH: 196  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Harrison
County a solid waste assistance grant of $70,000 that will be used by the county
for a household hazardous waste collection event in the Spring of 2015. The date
has not yet been set.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Harrison County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 15, 2014 Monday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Harrison County for HHW
Event

LENGTH: 196  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Harrison
County a solid waste assistance grant of $70,000 that will be used by the county
for a household hazardous waste collection event in the Spring of 2015. The date
has not yet been set.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Harrison County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 5, 2014 Friday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to DeSoto County

LENGTH: 190  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded DeSoto County
a solid waste assistance grant of $40,000 that will be used by the county to
continue the local electronic waste collection and recycling program.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist DeSoto
County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Gary
Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 4, 2014 Thursday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to DeSoto County

LENGTH: 190  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded DeSoto County
a solid waste assistance grant of $40,000 that will be used by the county to
continue the local electronic waste collection and recycling program.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist DeSoto
County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Gary
Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              26 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 19, 2014 Wednesday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Wayne County

LENGTH: 196  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Wayne County
a solid waste assistance grant of $42,050 that will be used by the county to
clean up illegal dump sites and for a household hazardous waste collection event
in the Spring of 2015.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist Wayne
County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Gary
Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 23, 2016 Friday

Gov. Daugaard Announces $860,370 for Environmental Projects

LENGTH: 282  words

DATELINE: New York



 Pierr: State of South Dakota has issued the following news release



  Gov. Dennis Daugaard says the state Board of Water and Natural Resources has
approved $860,370 for six solid waste management projects. The board met today
over the Digital Dakota Network.









 The total includes $545,170 in grants and $315,200 in low-interest loans.







 "I am pleased to announce that this money is available to assist local
communities," said Gov. Daugaard. "Grant and loan awards will result in enhanced
protection of the environment."







 The grants and loans awarded by the board are administered through the
Department of Environment and Natural Resources (DENR).







 Grants were awarded to:



     Ecomaniacs, $4,000 grant for recycling education equipment

     Madison, $17,000 grant for restricted use site expansion

     Naples, $23,840 grant for dump site cleanup and remediation

     Seneca, $23,900 grant for dump site cleanup and remediation

     Tri-County Landfill Association, $3,630 grant for geothermal piping system
for storage building heat







 A grant and loan package was awarded to:



     Northwest South Dakota Regional Landfill, $788,000 for construction of
landfill cell #3 that includes a $472,800 grant and $315,200 loan







 The grants and loan were awarded from DENR's Solid Waste Management Program.







 The Solid Waste Management Program provides grants and loans for solid waste
disposal, recycling and waste tire projects. The Legislature annually
appropriates dedicated funding for the Solid Waste program through the
Governor's Omnibus Water Funding Bill.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              28 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                        Laurel Leader-Call (Mississippi)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 19, 2010 Monday

MDEQ awards county waste assistance grant: Funds will help with illegal dumping

BYLINE: Charlotte Graham, Laurel Leader-Call, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 400 words


Apr. 19--LAUREL -- The city of Laurel and other Jones County communities may
receive assistance in cleaning up illegal dumping in the area.

Jones County Administrator Charles Miller said the Mississippi Department of
Environmental Quality (MDEQ) has awarded Jones County a solid waste assistance
grant of $18,076 that will be used by the county for clean up of unauthorized
dump sites.

"We are pleased this grant will assist the county's efforts in improving their
management of solid waste," said Trudy Fisher, MDEQ Executive Director.

Miller said the county applied for the grant some time ago and was recently
informed of the award.

"The money is to be used to clean up unauthorized dumping in ditches, on
roadways and that kind of thing," said Miller. "We apply for this money every
year and we have been fortunate to receive these grants."

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are utilized by
local communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to
aid in hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education
efforts on solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the
collection of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In recent weeks, the city of Laurel has had problems with someone illegally
dumping a large number of tires at the end of South Meridian Avenue where it
dead-ends near Jarvis Street.

"We are in the process of trying to locate who dumped the tires in the area,"
said Dennis Keveryn, city administrator. "We've made contact with Charles Miller
and Tony Harrison, manager of Pine Belt Regional solid Waste Management
Authority.

"If the Police Department finds out who dumped the tires, we will make them pay
for their removal and disposal," said Keveryn. "If we can't determine who did
it, the county and Solid Waste Management will help us remove them. It's a good
case of cooperation between all parties."

To see more of the Laurel Leader-Call or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.leadercall.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Laurel Leader-Call, Miss.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100419-LH-MDEQ-awards-county-waste-assistance-grant-0419

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LH


                       Copyright 2010 Laurel Leader-Call


                              29 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 16, 2014 Monday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Hancock County

LENGTH: 182  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Hancock
County a solid waste assistance grant of $50,000 that will be used by the county
for a household hazardous waste collection event in the fall of 2014.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Hancock County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Trudy D. Fisher, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

For further information please visit: http://www.deq.state.ms.us

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              30 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 7, 2014 Tuesday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Jackson County

LENGTH: 184  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) has awarded Jackson
County a solid waste assistance grant of $29,640 that will be used by the county
for household hazardous waste collection events in the Spring of 2014.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Jackson County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Trudy D. Fisher, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and, to establish programs for the
collection of white goods, bulky wastes, and recyclables.

For further information please visit: http://www.deq.state.ms.us

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              31 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 27, 2016 Tuesday

Gov. Daugaard Announces $860,370 for Environmental Projects

LENGTH: 281  words

DATELINE: New York



 Pierre: South Dakota Gov has issued the following news release



  Gov. Dennis Daugaard says the state Board of Water and Natural Resources has
approved $860,370 for six solid waste management projects. The board met today
over the Digital Dakota Network.









 The total includes $545,170 in grants and $315,200 in low-interest loans.







 "I am pleased to announce that this money is available to assist local
communities," said Gov. Daugaard. "Grant and loan awards will result in enhanced
protection of the environment."







 The grants and loans awarded by the board are administered through the
Department of Environment and Natural Resources (DENR).







 Grants were awarded to:



     Ecomaniacs, $4,000 grant for recycling education equipment

     Madison, $17,000 grant for restricted use site expansion

     Naples, $23,840 grant for dump site cleanup and remediation

     Seneca, $23,900 grant for dump site cleanup and remediation

     Tri-County Landfill Association, $3,630 grant for geothermal piping system
for storage building heat







 A grant and loan package was awarded to:



     Northwest South Dakota Regional Landfill, $788,000 for construction of
landfill cell #3 that includes a $472,800 grant and $315,200 loan







 The grants and loan were awarded from DENR's Solid Waste Management Program.







 The Solid Waste Management Program provides grants and loans for solid waste
disposal, recycling and waste tire projects. The Legislature annually
appropriates dedicated funding for the Solid Waste program through the
Governor's Omnibus Water Funding Bill.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              32 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                     The Vindicator (Valley Falls, Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                December 6, 2012

KDHE taking applications for solid waste grants

BYLINE: The Valley Falls Vindicator staff

LENGTH: 194  words


The Kansas Department of Health and Environment is now accepting applications
for Green Schools Solid Waste Management Grants. These grants provide funds
toward implementing recycling projects in Kansas schools.

Funds from these grants, ranging from $2,000 to $5,000, are used to reduce waste
in school buildings and grounds through education, composting and recycling
projects. Projects must be integrated into the classroom curriculum.

Applications and guidelines can be found at www.kdheks.gov/waste/about_grants.
html. Online applications for these grants must be received by Feb. 15, 2013.

"These grants not only help schools reduce the amount of solid waste sent to the
landfills, they teach students and school workers lifestyle habits that can be
extended into homes and other places," said William Bider, director of KDHE
Bureau of Waste Management.

All applications satisfying the program objectives are reviewed and considered
for Waste Management funding by the Governor's Solid Waste Grants Advisory
Committee. For more information on these grant opportunities and application
procedures, call 785-296-1600, or visit www.kdheks.gov/waste/about_ grants.html

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Environment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VFV

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2012 The Vindicator


                              33 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 16, 2014 Monday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grants to Hinds County

LENGTH: 198  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Hinds County
a solid waste assistance grant of $20,040 that will be used by the county for
enforcement efforts regarding illegal dumping. The county also received a
$50,000 grant for the obsolete computer recycling program at Jackson State
University.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and these grants will assist
Hinds County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Trudy
D. Fisher, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

For further information please visit: http://www.deq.state.ms.us

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                 Stone County Enterprise (Wiggins, Mississippi)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 23, 2012

MDEQ awards solid waste assistance grant to county

BYLINE: Stone County Enterprise staff

LENGTH: 150  words


The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) has awarded Stone
County a solid waste assistance grant of $11,338 that will be used by the county
to clean up illegal dump sites.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist the
efforts of Stone County in improving their management of solid waste," said
Trudy D. Fisher, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are utilized by
local communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to
aid in hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education
efforts on solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the
collection of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STC

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2012 Stone County Enterprise


                              35 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            January 4, 2007 Thursday
                          State Edition; Final Edition

NMDC seeking $118,000 grant;
To manage waste

BYLINE: RACHEL RICE OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B2

LENGTH: 505 words

DATELINE: CARIBOU


In an effort to make waste disposal in the region more efficient, officials with
the Northern Maine Development Commission are seeking a $118,000 solid waste
management grant from the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

Connie Bondeson, NMDC environmental planner, said Wednesday that, if approved,
the money would be used to help reduce the pollution of water in rural areas,
educate the public about composting and recycling, and improve planning and
management of rural solid waste sites.

"There's only so much space to put your garbage," Bondeson said.

"When you throw it out, it doesn't just disappear; we have to incinerate it or
landfill it. It's important for people to know where their garbage goes and how
expensive it is. What we're trying to do is improve recycling; we're trying to
help get people's heads around the whole idea of waste management."

Last year, Bondeson said, Aroostook County spent about $6.5 million on trash
disposal and put about 50,000 tons of garbage in landfills. She said the county
is distinctive in that it already works regionally to address its trash
problems, but that the grant money would help officials improve efficiency.

One of the tasks in the grant application is a regional solid waste management
plan, which Bondeson said would be the first of its kind in Maine. As part of
the plan, officials would:

.  Examine the state of solid waste management in northern Maine.

.  Identify problems and barriers.

.  Outline strategies for achieving the state's 50 percent recycling goals.

.  Serve as the basis for solid waste management planning and decision-making
for a 10-year planning period.

The second task in the grant is a backyard composting education program, which
Bondeson said has been very popular in the past. Funding would allow for 10
courses, with slots for 10 people each, to be offered in the south central and
northern areas of Aroostook County. The program would provide education on the
importance of composting and work to reduce the amount of organic material
entering local landfills.

The third task in the grant is a regional multimedia training program, which
would allow NMDC officials to provide training and educational opportunities in
the region. The program is expected to:

.  Foster a broader understanding among area residents and businesses about the
environment and economic reasons to implement or improve recycling and waste
reduction activities.

.  Increase the recycling rate in local communities.

.  Provide training and education to solid waste haulers, landfill managers and
transfer station operators.

Bondeson said officials expect to receive word from USDA's Rural Development
agency by mid-April about the grant. If approved, officials would be
implementing it between October 2007 and September 2008.

"We're throwing away a lot of garbage, not recycling enough and spending a lot
of money on waste disposal," Bondeson said. "Hopefully, with this grant, we can
become more efficient, recycle certain items out of the waste stream, and
provide community education."

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Bangor Daily News


                              36 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 23, 2015 Monday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Canton

LENGTH: 184  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded the City of
Canton a solid waste assistance grant of $25,000 that will be used by the city
to continue local recycling efforts.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Canton's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Gary
Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 16, 2014 Tuesday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Natchez

LENGTH: 183  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded the City of
Natchez a solid waste assistance grant of $25,000 that will be used by the city
for clean up of illegal dumping.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Natchez's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Gary
Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 16, 2014 Tuesday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Byram

LENGTH: 183  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded the City of
Byram a solid waste assistance grant of $25,000 that will be used by the city to
continue local recycling efforts.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Byram's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Gary Rikard,
MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 15, 2014 Monday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Natchez

LENGTH: 183  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded the City of
Natchez a solid waste assistance grant of $25,000 that will be used by the city
for clean up of illegal dumping.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Natchez's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Gary
Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 15, 2014 Monday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Byram

LENGTH: 184  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded the City of
Byram a solid waste assistance grant of $25,000 that will be used by the city to
continue local recycling efforts.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Byram's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Gary Rikard,
MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 5, 2014 Friday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Richland

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded the City of
Richland a solid waste assistance grant of $23,187 that will be used by the city
for illegal dumping enforcement efforts.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Richland's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Gary
Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 4, 2014 Thursday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Richland

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded the City of
Richland a solid waste assistance grant of $23,187 that will be used by the city
for illegal dumping enforcement efforts.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Richland's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Gary
Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 1, 2014 Tuesday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Ripley

LENGTH: 174  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded the City of
Ripley a solid waste assistance grant of $24,490 that will be used by the city
for recycling efforts.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Ripley's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Trudy D.
Fisher, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

For further information please visit: http://www.deq.state.ms.us

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 30, 2014 Monday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Ripley

LENGTH: 174  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded the City of
Ripley a solid waste assistance grant of $24,490 that will be used by the city
for recycling efforts.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Ripley's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Trudy D.
Fisher, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

For further information please visit: http://www.deq.state.ms.us

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 16, 2014 Monday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Clarksdale

LENGTH: 175  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded the City of
Clarksdale a solid waste assistance grant of $47,950 that will be used by the
city for recycling efforts.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Clarksdale's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Trudy
D. Fisher, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

For further information please visit: http://www.deq.state.ms.us

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 13, 2014 Monday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Natchez

LENGTH: 177  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded the City of
Natchez a solid waste assistance grant of $25,000 that will be used by the city
for cleaning up illegal dump sites.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Natchez's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Trudy D.
Fisher, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are utilized by
local communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to
aid in hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education
efforts on solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the
collection of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

For further information please visit: http://www.deq.state.ms.us

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              47 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 13, 2014 Monday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Canton

LENGTH: 175  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded the City of
Canton a solid waste assistance grant of $25,000 that will be used by the city
for local recycling efforts.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Canton's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Trudy D.
Fisher, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are utilized by
local communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to
aid in hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education
efforts on solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the
collection of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

For further information please visit: http://www.deq.state.ms.us

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 13, 2014 Monday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Ridgeland

LENGTH: 176  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded the City of
Canton a solid waste assistance grant of $25,000 that will be used by the city
for local recycling efforts.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Ridgeland's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Trudy D.
Fisher, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are utilized by
local communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to
aid in hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education
efforts on solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the
collection of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

For further information please visit: http://www.deq.state.ms.us

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              49 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 13, 2014 Monday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Tchula

LENGTH: 176  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded the City of
Tchula a solid waste assistance grant of $15,000 that will be used by the city
for clean up of illegal dump sites.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Tchula's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Trudy D.
Fisher, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are utilized by
local communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to
aid in hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education
efforts on solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the
collection of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.


For further information please visit: http://www.deq.state.ms.us

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 19, 2014 Wednesday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Moss Point

LENGTH: 186  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded the City of
Moss Point a solid waste assistance grant of $25,000 that will be used by the
city for enforcement regarding illegal dumping.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist Moss
Point's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Gary Rikard,
MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 17, 2015 Tuesday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Tate County

LENGTH: 186  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Tate County a
solid waste assistance grant of $14,158 that will be used by the county for
enforcement efforts regarding illegal dumping.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist Tate
County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Gary
Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 17, 2015 Tuesday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Prentiss County

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Prentiss
County a solid waste assistance grant of $13,304 that will be used by the county
for clean up of illegal dumping sites.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Prentiss County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 23, 2015 Monday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Covington County

LENGTH: 186  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Covington
County a solid waste assistance grant of $14,158 that will be used by the county
for illegal dumping enforcement efforts.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Covington County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 6, 2015 Tuesday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Yalobusha County

LENGTH: 186  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Yalobusha
County a solid waste assistance grant of $10,985 that will be used by the county
for illegal dumping enforcement efforts.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Yalobusha County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 16, 2014 Tuesday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Sharkey County

LENGTH: 184  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Sharkey
County a solid waste assistance grant of $8,055 that will be used by the county
for clean up of illegal dumping.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Sharkey County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 16, 2014 Tuesday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Neshoba County

LENGTH: 184  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Neshoba
County a solid waste assistance grant of $17,087 that will be used by the county
for clean up of illegal dumping.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Neshoba County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 16, 2014 Tuesday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Jefferson County

LENGTH: 189  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Jefferson
County a solid waste assistance grant of $35,142 that will be used by the county
for enforcement efforts and clean up of illegal dumping.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Jefferson County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 16, 2014 Tuesday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Amite County

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Amite County
a solid waste assistance grant of $29,028 that will be used by the county for
illegal dumping enforcement efforts.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist Amite
County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Gary
Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 16, 2014 Tuesday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Lauderdale County

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Lauderdale
County a solid waste assistance grant of $22,213 that will be used by the county
for clean up of illegal dumping.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Lauderdale County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              60 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 16, 2014 Tuesday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Simpson County

LENGTH: 184  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Simpson
County a solid waste assistance grant of $16,355 that will be used by the county
for clean up of illegal dumping.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Simpson County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              61 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 15, 2014 Monday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Neshoba County

LENGTH: 184  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Neshoba
County a solid waste assistance grant of $17,087 that will be used by the county
for clean up of illegal dumping.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Neshoba County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              62 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 15, 2014 Monday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Jefferson County

LENGTH: 189  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Jefferson
County a solid waste assistance grant of $35,142 that will be used by the county
for enforcement efforts and clean up of illegal dumping.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Jefferson County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 15, 2014 Monday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Simpson County

LENGTH: 184  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Simpson
County a solid waste assistance grant of $16,355 that will be used by the county
for clean up of illegal dumping.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Simpson County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              64 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 15, 2014 Monday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Lauderdale County

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Lauderdale
County a solid waste assistance grant of $22,213 that will be used by the county
for clean up of illegal dumping.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Lauderdale County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              65 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 15, 2014 Monday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Amite County

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Amite County
a solid waste assistance grant of $29,028 that will be used by the county for
illegal dumping enforcement efforts.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist Amite
County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Gary
Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 15, 2014 Monday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Sharkey County

LENGTH: 184  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Sharkey
County a solid waste assistance grant of $8,055 that will be used by the county
for clean up of illegal dumping.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Sharkey County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 11, 2014 Thursday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Walthall County

LENGTH: 184  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Walthall
County a solid waste assistance grant of $14,036 that will be used by the county
to clean up illegal dump sites.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Walthall County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 10, 2014 Wednesday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Walthall County

LENGTH: 184  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Walthall
County a solid waste assistance grant of $14,036 that will be used by the county
to clean up illegal dump sites.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Walthall County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              69 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 9, 2014 Tuesday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Walthall County

LENGTH: 184  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Walthall
County a solid waste assistance grant of $14,036 that will be used by the county
to clean up illegal dump sites.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Walthall County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 5, 2014 Friday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Grenada County

LENGTH: 188  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Granada
County a solid waste assistance grant of $10,618 that will be used by the county
for clean up and enforcement regarding illegal dumping.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Grenada County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 5, 2014 Friday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Panola County

LENGTH: 190  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Panola County
a solid waste assistance grant of $72,275 that will be used by the county to
clean up illegal dump sites and to continue local recycling efforts.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist Panola
County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Gary
Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 5, 2014 Friday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Coahoma County

LENGTH: 184  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Coahoma
County a solid waste assistance grant of $10,985 that will be used by the county
for recycling awareness efforts.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Coahoma County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 4, 2014 Thursday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Coahoma County

LENGTH: 184  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Coahoma
County a solid waste assistance grant of $10,985 that will be used by the county
for recycling awareness efforts.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Coahoma County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 4, 2014 Thursday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Grenada County

LENGTH: 188  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Granada
County a solid waste assistance grant of $10,618 that will be used by the county
for clean up and enforcement regarding illegal dumping.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Grenada County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              75 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 4, 2014 Thursday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Panola County

LENGTH: 190  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Panola County
a solid waste assistance grant of $72,275 that will be used by the county to
clean up illegal dump sites and to continue local recycling efforts.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist Panola
County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Gary
Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 19, 2014 Wednesday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Leflore County

LENGTH: 184  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Leflore
County a solid waste assistance grant of $13,792 that will be used by the county
to clean up illegal dump sites.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Leflore County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              77 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 19, 2014 Wednesday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Itawamba County

LENGTH: 189  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Itawamba
County a solid waste assistance grant of $15,500 that will be used by the county
to clean up and enforcement regarding illegal dump sites.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Itawamba County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 19, 2014 Wednesday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Webster County

LENGTH: 184  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Webster
County a solid waste assistance grant of $10,496 that will be used by the county
to clean up illegal dump sites.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Webster County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 5, 2014 Wednesday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Perry County

LENGTH: 183  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Perry County
a solid waste assistance grant of $11,839 that will be used by the county for
clean up of illegal dumping.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist Perry
County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Gary
Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 12, 2014 Tuesday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Warren County

LENGTH: 176  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Warren County
a solid waste assistance grant of $15,480 that will be used by the county for
clean up of illegal dumping.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist Warren
County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Trudy D.
Fisher, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

For further information please visit: http://www.deq.state.ms.us

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              81 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 8, 2014 Wednesday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Lafayette County

LENGTH: 177  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Lafayette
County a solid waste assistance grant of $17,880 that will be used by the county
to clean up illegal dump sites.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Lafayette County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Trudy D. Fisher, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are utilized by
local communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to
aid in hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education
efforts on solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the
collection of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

For further information please visit: http://www.deq.state.ms.us

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 7, 2014 Tuesday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Stone County

LENGTH: 176  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) has awarded Stone
County a solid waste assistance grant of $11,760 that will be used by the county
to clean up illegal dump sites.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist Stone
County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Trudy D.
Fisher, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and, to establish programs for the
collection of white goods, bulky wastes, and recyclables.

For further information please visit: http://www.deq.state.ms.us

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 7, 2014 Tuesday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Covington County

LENGTH: 181  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) has awarded Covington
County a solid waste assistance grant of $13,920 that will be used by the county
for enforcement efforts regarding illegal dump sites.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Covington County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Trudy D. Fisher, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and, to establish programs for the
collection of white goods, bulky wastes, and recyclables.

For further information please visit: http://www.deq.state.ms.us

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 10, 2014 Wednesday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards White Goods Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Lamar
County

LENGTH: 234  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Lamar County
a solid waste assistance grant of $22,946 that will be used by the county to
continue a white goods collection program. The term "white goods" is used to
describe a class of bulky wastes which includes major household appliances such
as washers, dryers, refrigerator units, freezers, hot water heaters, and other
larger comparable appliances which must be discarded when the useful life of the
unit has ended.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist Lamar
County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Gary
Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 9, 2014 Tuesday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards White Goods Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Lamar
County

LENGTH: 234  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Lamar County
a solid waste assistance grant of $22,946 that will be used by the county to
continue a white goods collection program. The term "white goods" is used to
describe a class of bulky wastes which includes major household appliances such
as washers, dryers, refrigerator units, freezers, hot water heaters, and other
larger comparable appliances which must be discarded when the useful life of the
unit has ended.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist Lamar
County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Gary
Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 5, 2014 Friday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Jefferson Davis County

LENGTH: 187  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Jefferson
Davis County a solid waste assistance grant of $12,937 that will be used by the
county to clean up illegal dump sites.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Jefferson Davis County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste,"
said Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              87 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 4, 2014 Thursday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Jefferson Davis County

LENGTH: 186  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Jefferson
Davis County a solid waste assistance grant of $12,937 that will be used by the
county to clean up illegal dump sites.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Jefferson Davis County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste,"
said Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 23, 2015 Monday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Canton

LENGTH: 184  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded the City of
Canton a solid waste assistance grant of $25,000 that will be used by the city
to continue local recycling efforts.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Canton's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Gary
Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 23, 2015 Monday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Covington County

LENGTH: 186  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Covington
County a solid waste assistance grant of $14,158 that will be used by the county
for illegal dumping enforcement efforts.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Covington County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 995 DOCUMENTS

              St. Charles County Business Record (St. Charles, MO)

                            November 21, 2003 Friday

DNR awards $20,000 to East Central Solid Waste District

BYLINE: staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 117 words


The Missouri Department of Natural Resources has awarded a $20,000 grant to the
East Central Solid Waste Management District, which includes Franklin, Lincoln,
Montgomery and Warren counties. These grants enable Missouri's solid waste
management districts to fund operational costs, administration of activities
related to implementation of the district's solid waste management plan and
expenses related to the administration and operation of the district. The grant
is subsidized by the Solid Waste Management Fund. This fund is made up of
tipping fees charged to each ton of waste disposed of in Missouri landfills or
processed through transfer stations that move waste out of state.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2003 Dolan Media Newswires


                              91 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                   January 10, 2002 Thursday Marshall Edition

IDEM grant to fund waste collection site

BYLINE: By SAM OCHSTEIN; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 426 words


PLYMOUTH -- The Marshall County Solid Waste Management District is $125,000
closer to building a special waste collection and education facility.

The money comes from two grants, one a $50,000 grant awarded by the Indiana
Department of Environmental Management announced on Wednesday in a news release
from IDEM.

The IDEM grant is awarded to several solid waste districts each year and has
totaled more than $2.6 million in grant money since its inception in 1994,
according to the news release.

Mike Good, director of the Marshall County Solid Waste Management District, said
he had applied for the grant in the fall of 2001.

The grant is a 50-50 match and Good said he already has the $50,000 budgeted to
supplement the grant.

Another grant of $75,000 was supposed to be awarded to the Marshall County Solid
Waste District from Build Indiana Funds in the fall, but Good said he hasn't
received that money yet.

Good said that in his conversations with state Sen. Bill Alexa, D-Valparaiso, it
appears that Marshall County got its grant approval in just under the wire
before the stop was put on all Build Indiana Funds last summer.

"As far as I know we're still going to get it, but we haven't seen the money
yet," Good said.

The IDEM grant, however, puts Good and the solid waste district in a good
position to start building the site on Walter Glaub Drive in the Plymouth
Industrial Development Corp. for the special waste collection facility.

Good said the facility will handle household hazardous wastes and other special
wastes such as tires, appliances with Freon and obsolete computers -- things
that can't be disposed of safely in a landfill.

"It might be a little optimistic, but I'm hoping we can start collecting things
at the facility by July," Good said.

Good said a plan has been in the works for about two years to develop a special
waste collection facility. One of the biggest obstacles was finding a place
where all zoning requirements met and also have public support.

Good said he likes the PIDCO location and believes that it will meet the waste
collection needs of Marshall County residents far better than the current plan,
which is an annual collection for special wastes.

"Obviously that's not meeting the needs for a lot of residents here and so we
decided to have a better solution," Good said.

Good said the facility will also promote the use of nontoxic alternatives for
household cleaning products and the like.

Staff writer Sam Ochstein:

sochstein@sbtinfo.com

(219) 936-1029


LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2002 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              92 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                  September 16, 2001 Sunday Mishawaka Edition

Grant sought for waste collection facility funding

BYLINE: By JENNIFER MACK; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. C9

LENGTH: 259 words


PLYMOUTH -- Mike Good could receive $135,000 toward the cost of building a
special waste collection and education center in Plymouth.

The Marshall County Solid Waste Management District Board has approved the
building of the waste collection facility on Walter Glaub Drive in Plymouth. The
facility will be used as a collection area for household waste that cannot
safely be disposed of in a landfill.

Good said Friday he recently applied for a $60,000 grant from the Indiana
Department of Environmental Management.

The Indiana Department of Environmental Management grant is a 50-50 grant. The
solid waste management district must come up with $60,000 for the project to
supplement the grant.

Though he has not received it yet, Good said the project has been awarded a
$75,000 grant from Build Indiana money.

"We'll know by fall if we'll get the IDEM grant," Good said. "It won't be
executed, though, until the beginning of Jan. 1."

Good said construction on the facility could begin by the end of this year.
However, if the solid waste district receives the grant from IDEM, construction
would likely not begin until after Jan. 1.

Because the grant is a 50-50 match, any money spent prior to disbursement of the
grant does not count towards the match from the solid waste management district,
Good explained.

"We may drag our feet a little," said Good, referring to beginning construction
depending on whether or not he is approved for the IDEM grant.

Staff writer Jennifer Mack:

jmack@sbtinfo.com

(219) 936-2921


LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2001 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              93 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                   September 16, 2001 Sunday Marshall Edition

Grant sought for waste center

BYLINE: By JENNIFER MACK; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 259 words


PLYMOUTH -- Mike Good could receive $135,000 toward the cost of building a
special waste collection and education center in Plymouth.

The Marshall County Solid Waste Management District Board has approved the
building of the waste collection facility on Walter Glaub Drive in Plymouth. The
facility will be used as a collection area for household waste that cannot
safely be disposed of in a landfill.

Good said Friday he recently applied for a $60,000 grant from the Indiana
Department of Environmental Management.

The Indiana Department of Environmental Management grant is a 50-50 grant. The
solid waste management district must come up with $60,000 for the project to
supplement the grant.

Though he has not received it yet, Good said the project has been awarded a
$75,000 grant from Build Indiana money.

"We'll know by fall if we'll get the IDEM grant," Good said. "It won't be
executed, though, until the beginning of Jan. 1."

Good said construction on the facility could begin by the end of this year.
However, if the solid waste district receives the grant from IDEM, construction
would likely not begin until after Jan. 1.

Because the grant is a 50-50 match, any money spent prior to disbursement of the
grant does not count towards the match from the solid waste management district,
Good explained.

"We may drag our feet a little," said Good, referring to beginning construction
depending on whether or not he is approved for the IDEM grant.

Staff writer Jennifer Mack:

jmack@sbtinfo.com

(219) 936-2921


LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2001 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              94 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                             Ottumwa Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 20, 2009 Saturday

Solid waste commission to get USDA grant: Plans include workshops, newsletter

BYLINE: Cindy Toopes, Ottumwa Courier, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 661 words


Jun. 20--OTTUMWA -- Workshops, a newsletter and hands-on training are in the
near future for the Ottumwa/Wapello County Solid Waste Commission and its
landfill and recycling center.

The commissioners recently accepted a $98,000 grant from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture. Solid Waste Director Jody Gates said Friday the grant does require
$11,775 of in-kind funding.

Part of the grant is for "investigating cost-effective demonstration projects to
assist both multi-family units and businesses with waste reduction and recycling
programs.

Gates said she's setting up a pilot project to examine multi-family dwellings
and "get them on board with recycling." A multi-family dwelling is one with five
to six units.

"It's harder to collect and store recycling in that size of building," she said.
"We hope to develop something efficient and practical."

The commission wants "to continue to improve the landfill and to make sure we're
practicing the most efficient, most integrated way to deal with solid waste,"
Gates added.

Although Gates doesn't have a starting date yet, the grant will last 12 months
and will also help with:

--Setting up educational workshops and presentations on proper participation in
integrated solid waste management programs.

--Publishing and distributing recycling newsletter publications that discuss the
commission's solid waste programs.

--Implementing landfill operator training using a hands-on approach to improve
waste management techniques, equipment efficiency and performance and
environmental protection.

Because it's a USDA grant, Gates said the funds can't be spent directly on
programs in Ottumwa. But, her staff believes that any programs developed or
solid-waste improvements in the county or smaller communities "can be replicated
for use in Ottumwa."

A grant award is always good news, especially when less revenue is coming in.
Gates said "some revenues" are lower than predicted and "more of the fund
balance" is being used.

"Also, we've got a big cell development and closing that costs more than $1
million and we borrowed money for the project," she said. "We're OK this year
through June 30, 2010, if revenue doesn't decrease some more. If it does, the
commission will have to talk about what plans we need to implement for the
future."

The commission is still working on a trip to Locust, N.C., to watch how
Bio-Energy Solutions uses the pyrolysis process to make a gas product that could
be turned into electricity to run a turbine.

Gates said the process burns solid waste at a high temperature, until the matter
almost evaporates, and they "take the energy off that."

Bio-Energy Solutions is interested in building a plant at the landfill or some
other county location.

"The problem is the company doesn't have the [North Carolina] plant up and
running yet so we can't see the results," Gates said. "With nothing in front of
me, I can't make a judgment about maintenance for the plant or how effective the
process is."

The science of the pyrolysis process "has been proven" but there's no history on
it, either," she added.

In other business, the commission approved buying a horizontal baler for the
recycling center. The new one will replace a 2004 baler that "had issues and
already had a lot of repairs," Gates said.

JWR of Johnson Creek, Wis., made the best bid of $71,303 plus trading in the
2004 baler.

Gates said the new baler will be on a six-year replacement schedule and will be
evaluated regularly during its years of use.

Cindy Toopes can be reached at (641) 683-5376 or via e-mail at
cindy@ottumwacourier.com

To see more of Ottumwa Courier or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.ottumwacourier.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Ottumwa Courier, Iowa
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090620-OT-Solid-waste-commission-to-get-USDA-grant-0620

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OT


                                 Copyright 2009


                              95 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Gazette (Sterling, Illinois)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 19, 2017 Sunday

Round two of grant applications underway

BYLINE: Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 267 words


Feb. 19--OREGON -- Ogle County Solid Waste Management Department's second round
of Waste Reduction, Recycling Grant applications for the 2017 fiscal year is
underway.

Remaining money will be awarded on a competitive basis in amounts from $100 to
$2,000, in four rounds or until funds are depleted.

The deadline for submittal of applications for the second round is 4 p.m. May 3.

Grants are available to Ogle County businesses, schools, churches and nonprofit
organizations to establish or improve on waste reduction and recycling programs
and services.

Applicants must provide a 20 percent match of the total project cost.

Since the beginning of the program in 2000, OCSWMD has provided $100,000 in
money toward the purchase of recycling equipment, educational materials and
other items.

Applications will be reviewed by the Ogle County Solid Waste Management
Department and the Ogle County Board Solid Waste Committee.

Grants will be evaluated based on the following criteria: management ability;
project quality; project impact; realistic goals and expectations; accuracy of
application; education potential; use of recycled content products when
available; potential for waste stream diversion; and future continuity of
project.

Applications will be reviewed, scored and acted on by the Solid Waste Committee.

For more information or to request an application, contact the Ogle County Solid
Waste Management Department at oglecounty.org or call 815-732-4020.

___ (c)2017 the Daily Gazette (Sterling, Ill.) Visit the Daily Gazette
(Sterling, Ill.) at www.saukvalley.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170219-YG-Round-two-of-grant-applications-underway-0219-20170219

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YG


                          Copyright 2017 Daily Gazette


                              96 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                           January 10, 2015 Saturday

Tajikistan Solid Waste Framework Project

LENGTH: 549  words


Business sector:Municipal and environmental infrastructure
Notice type:Public
Environmental category:IESE
Target board date:17 Dec 2014
Status:Passed final review, Pending board approval
PSD disclosed:26 Sep 2014
Project Description  : Under the Tajikistan Solid Waste Framework the EBRD is
considering financing priority capital investments for selected cities in
Tajikistan. The framework consists of sub-projects aimed at improving the solid
waste management services.


Proceeds from loans/grants for each sub-project will (i) improve landfill
sanitary and operating standards and (ii) increase efficiency/coverage of solid
waste collection and transportation in each of the participating cities.
The Bank will closely monitor the progress of the framework. For each
sub-project, it is proposed that the following indicators be monitored before
and after the project implementation:
Population with improved solid waste management services, measured by the number
of households with improved solid waste management services multiplied by the
average household size.
Implementation of the financial and operational targets through technical
assistance.
Covenanted collection rates achieved.
Transition Impact : The transition impact potential of each sub-project under
the framework is expected to arise from:
(i) Consolidation of solid waste activities under one company (where
applicable);
(ii) Ownership transfer from the national authorities to municipal authorities
in line with best practice (where applicable);
(iii) The signing of a Public Service Contract between the company and the
municipality with performance indicators;
(iv) Tariff reform (i.e., adoption of cost recovery principle, tariff increases
to operational cost recovery, etc.); and
(v) Capacity building for the company (e.g., preparation of a Corporate
Development Programme).
The Client : Solid waste management company in each participating city.
EBRD Finance : For each sub-project the EBRD will provide sovereign guaranteed
loans to the solid waste companies. Total amount of the loans proposed under the
framework: USD26 million
Sub-projects will be co-financed by investment grants from international donors.
Total amount of the grants proposed under the framework: USD26 million.
Project Cost : Up to USD 64.2 million including investment and technical
cooperation grants.
Environmental Impact : The Framework is not categorised under the 2008 E&S
Policy; however, each sub-project will be categorised. The sub-projects are
expected to bring substantial environmental, health and safety benefits to the
subject cities and the surrounding communities through the rehabilitation of
waste collection, transportation, and disposal services; increased operational
efficiency, and environmental and hygiene standards. The ESDD for each
sub-project will include at minimum an assessment of potential E&S impacts and
benefits, and an E&S audit of the operations and facilities of

Project completion date : 2016-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : EUROPEAN BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (EBRD)

Address : One Exchange Square
London EC2A 2JN

Country :United Kingdom
Email : saidovu@ebrd.com

Url : http://www.ebrd.com /

Financier : European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD),

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              97 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          September 2, 1993, Thursday

Waste-reduction plan addresses methods, but not funding

BYLINE: By Wayne Snow STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EXTRA; Section M; Page 5

LENGTH: 542 words


The Fayette County Commission has given preliminary approval to a new solid
waste management plan focusing on recycling and education, but a long-range
question remains of how it will be funded.

The plan is in response to the Georgia Solid Waste Management Act, which
requires cities and counties to reduce the growth rate in the generation of
solid waste by 25 percent by 1996 and to put an adequate, 10-year waste-handling
program into place.

The commission voted unanimously last week to send the plan to the Atlanta
Regional Commission and the Georgia Department of Community Affairs for review.

Commissioner Linda Wells noted that, if implemented, it would cost an estimated
$ 2 million-$ 3 million and asked where the money would come from.

Senior planner Peter Frisina said it would come from the general fund, but also
raised the possibility of working with cities here to share costs if the county
uses grinders to handle yard waste at a central location.

He also said there may be some federal and state grant money available.

"The state says they want you to reduce your waste by 25 percent. They don't
care how you do it," he said.

"This is a mandate, another one that we have to do," Commissioner Herb Frady
said. "But there is a period of time before we have to implement the program.
The first thing is to get it approved by the state, get it back and work on it
some more."

Fayette residents and businesses produced an estimated 118 tons of solid waste a
day last year. That number is expected to increase to 155 tons a day by the year
2002, according to estimates in the plan.

"An assessment of the county's current waste reduction efforts would indicate
that increased activity in source reduction, specifically composting, and
recycling, is necessary in order to reach the 25 percent reduction goal," the
plan says.

Here are some possible courses of action:

Educate citizens in waste reduction at the source through such programs as the
County Extension Service's enviro-shopping program.

Investigate diverting yard trimmings from the landfill, a step that could cut
waste by 18 percent.

Find uses or a market for compostable materials. The County Extension Service
already offers education in composting.

Intensify recycling efforts, including increasing waste-reduction programs in
government offices and schools and working with private trash haulers to
implement curbside recycling.

But there are problems with some of the solutions.

"One of our concerns is that if we implement recycling on a countywide basis, we
may have a hard time getting rid of some of the material," Mr. Frisina said.
"That's one of the things we need to talk about with the private haulers."

The county does not have a garbage-collection service of its own, but there are
12 private haulers operating here.

"I think it's important to point out that the technology and the direction is to
reduction of the waste stream as opposed to recycling," Commissioner Rick Price
said. "Source reduction is really the solution."

The Fayette plan covers only Woolsey and the unincorporated part of the county.
Fayette's other four municipalities - Peachtree City, Fayetteville, Brooks and
Tyrone - have, or are working on, their own plans.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH932520123

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              98 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Gazette (Sterling, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 21, 2012 Saturday

BRIEF: Recycling grant money available

BYLINE: Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 173 words


Jan. 21--OREGON -- Ogle County Solid Waste Management Department has $8,000 in
grant money on hand for Ogle County businesses, schools, school districts,
libraries and nonprofit organizations interested in addressing the issue of
waste reduction and recycling.

Grants will be awarded on a competitive basis in amounts from $100 to $2,000 in
four rounds until the money is depleted. Applicants must provide a 20 percent
match of the total project cost.

All applications will be reviewed by the Ogle County Solid Waste Management
Department and the Ogle County Board Solid Waste Committee. Priority will be
given to new applicants.

Applications may be submitted by Feb. 8, April 5, July 5 and Oct. 4, as long as
grant money is available.

For more information or to request an application, contact the Ogle County Solid
Waste Management Department at www.oglecountysolidwaste.org or 815-732-4020.

___ (c)2012 the Daily Gazette (Sterling, Ill.) Visit the Daily Gazette
(Sterling, Ill.) at www.saukvalley.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120121-YG-BRF-Recycling-grant-money-available-0121-20120121

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YG


                          Copyright 2012 Daily Gazette


                              99 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 4, 2015 Thursday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Two Grants to Stone County

LENGTH: 254  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Stone County
a solid waste assistance grant of $11,961 that will be used by the county to
clean up illegal dump sites. The county also received a $42,350 waste tire grant
to continue the local waste tire collection program for small quantity
generators of waste tires.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and these grants will assist
Stone County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Gary
Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

Funding for waste tire grants is provided by a waste tire account funded from a
fee charged on the wholesale sale of every new motor vehicle tire sold in
Mississippi. This fee provides the funds to ensure and encourage the proper
management and disposal of waste tires.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              100 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                   Palestine News & Information Agency (WAFA)

                           September 3, 2013 Tuesday

World Bank Project to Improve Solid Waste Management

LENGTH: 274 words


RAMALLAH, September 3, 2013 (WAFA) - An $8.3 million World
Bank grant is going to fund a new project to improve access to solid waste
management services in the West Bank, a press release said on Tuesday.


The project will benefit Palestinians in Hebron and
Bethlehem governorates who will have access to better quality and more
affordable waste collection.
The World Bank, administrator for the Global Partnership on
Output-Based Aid (GPOBA), will support the Palestinian Authority with the grant
for the project.

"Unsanitary waste collection and disposal is a serious issue
in Hebron and Bethlehem, particularly for the poor living close to unregulated
dumpsites at the edge of towns and villages," said Mariam Sherman, World Bank
Country Director for the West Bank and Gaza.
"The grant will improve the quality and the efficiency of
the solid waste management system and consequently will help protect the
environment and health of citizens," she said.

Subsidies will be provided to the service providers -
Municipalities and Village Councils, the Joint Services Councils for Planning
and Development, the Joint Services Council of Hebron as well as of Bethlehem -
to improve the solid waste management collection services and to promote
financial sustainability of the solid waste management system.

"The project is one of the first to use the output-based aid
approach (OBA) - the OBA subsidy will serve as an incentive to the service
provider who will receive it if they meet performance targets. The grant will
provide much needed support to the local authorities and will foster
sustainable solid waste management services," said Carmen Nonay, Manager,
GPOBA.
M.S.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 200


                  Copyright 2013 Palestine News Agency - WAFA
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              101 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 2, 2017 Thursday

Tennessee: TDEC Announces $2 Million in Grants to Help Reduce Landfill Waste

LENGTH: 261  words

DATELINE: New York



 Nashville: Tennessee State Of Government has issued the following news release:




 The Tennessee Department of Environment and Conservation (TDEC) today announced
$2,071,417 in recycling equipment, recycling rebates and used oil grants for FY
2017 projects to help reduce landfill waste in Tennessee and move materials to
the best highest use.





 "This grant program encourages and supports local communities to meet their
solid waste and recycling goals," said TDEC Commissioner Bob Martineau. "Local
governments can divert more waste from landfills through infrastructure upgrades
and providing convenient opportunities for residents to get engaged in the
process."



 Recycling Equipment Grants and the Recycling Rebates are authorized by the
Solid Waste Management Act of 1991 and are supported by the Tennessee Solid
Waste Management Fund, which is administered by TDEC. The fund receives revenues
from a state surcharge on each ton of solid waste disposed in landfills and from
a fee on new tires sold in the state.



 Used Oil Grants are authorized under the Used Oil Collection Act of 1993 and
are funded by the Used Oil Collection Fund, which receives its revenues from a
two cent ($0.02) fee collected against every quart of oil sold.



 "By collecting used oil in an environmentally responsible way, it helps prevent
contamination in our rivers, streams and groundwater," said Tisha
Calabrese-Benton, Director of TDEC's Division of Water Resources.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              102 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                        Greenville Herald-Banner (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 23, 2010 Monday

County to be awarded grant from TCEQ for solid waste program

BYLINE: Chad Blackshear, Greenville Herald-Banner, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 371 words


Aug. 23--GREENVILLE -- Hunt County could be the recipient of grant funding from
the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality via its solid waste implementation
program.

County commissioners are scheduled to consider an interlocal agreement between
the county and North Central Texas Council of Governments during today's regular
meeting of the Commissioners Court. The grant funding will come from the TCEQ
and will be administered through the NCTCOG.

According to the agreement, its purpose is to is to implement the provisions of
the Texas Health and Safety Code regarding the distribution of solid waste fee
revenue funds in support of local and regional solid waste projects consistent
with NCTCOG and Texas Commission on Environmental Quality (TCEQ) waste
management plans.

The funding awarded to Hunt County will be used to purchase a Ford F-250 pickup
and trailer to assist in cleanup efforts throughout the county.

"This is completely funded by the TCEQ and requires no matching funds from the
county," said Hunt County Emergency Management Coordinator Richard Hill. "It is
100 percent grant funding."

Hill said that the vehicle and trailer will help with scrap tire and community
cleanups, and aid in solid waste law enforcement throughout the county.

According to Hill, the county will receive the money after Oct. 1.

In other actions, commissioners:

--Discuss and possibly take action on rejecting all bids received for the North
Hunt Special Utility District for the Texas Community Development Block Grant
Program;

--Discuss and possibly approval of 2010-12 election judges; and

--Possibly award Formal Bid #056-10 for HVAC system upgrades to the Hunt County
Courthouse.

The meeting begins at 10 a.m. in the Auxiliary Courtroom, located at 2700
Johnson.

Text Only

To see more of Greenville Herald-Banner, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.heraldbanner.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Greenville Herald-Banner,
Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100823-GC-County-to-be-awarded-grant-from-TCEQ-for-solid-waste
-program-20100823

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GC


                    Copyright 2010 Greenville Herald-Banner


                              103 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                      Jacksonville Daily Progress (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 5, 2009 Saturday

ETCOG ups solid waste funds for local cities

BYLINE: Nathan Straus, Jacksonville Daily Progress, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 432 words


Dec. 5--Jacksonville, Bullard and Rusk are set to receive a boost from the East
Texas Council of Governments.

These and other cities were awarded grant funds by the Texas Commission on
Environmental Quality to support regional waste minimization efforts.

Jacksonville requested and was recommended for $3,000 in grant money. Bullard
may get up to $7,200 of its requested $11,700. Rusk could see around $10,000 of
the nearly $23,860 city officials asked for.

Ken Ripkowski, Jacksonville grant coordinator, said the funds will go toward
assistance for the citywide cleanup activities Jacksonville has once or twice a
year. During these cleanups, people take items they don't want to the city and
the city has the junk hauled off.

"The $3,000 is slotted for the renting of the Dumpsters. It's a pretty important
grant for beautification of the city, though I wish it was for more money,"
Ripkowski said.

He said $3,000 fairly well covers the cost of the Dumpsters and the city
received the same grant last year.

Notification, he said, was sent to the city in November. The funds are expected
to hit the city supply either this or next month.

Though this money will help the city, Jacksonville will not be able to receive
the grant next year because cities cannot request these grants for more than two
consecutive years, he said.

A press release from ETCOG said the money used for various solid waste grants, a
total of $262,330.07 to 20 cities or groups, will go toward several approved
project categories.

These include projects that contribute to the prevention of illegal dumping,
source reduction and recycling, educational and training projects and community
cleanup events.

According to the release, 29 grant proposals with a total funding request of
$598,499.47 were submitted by 26 local governments during an open meeting Nov.
19. Of these, 20 applications were approved.

"Approved grant funding requests were in support of the goals and objectives of
the ETCOG Regional Solid Waste Management Plan. The purpose of the plan is to
provide guidelines for current and future solid waste management to local
governments in the region," the release stated.

To see more of the Jacksonville Daily Progress, or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.jacksonvilleprogress.com. Copyright (c) 2009,
Jacksonville Daily Progress, Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091205-JD-ETCOG-ups-solid-waste-funds-for-local-cities-1205

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JD


                                 Copyright 2009


                              104 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            Norwalk Reflector, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 29, 2013 Wednesday

Huron County receives two grants

BYLINE: Joe Centers, Norwalk Reflector, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 373 words


May 29--The Ohio Environmental Protection Agency has awarded grants to assist 18
communities with strengthening local recycling and litter prevention efforts
through the Community Recycling Grant Programs.

Of the 18 grants, the largest amount of $110,000 came to Huron County. The Huron
County Solid Waste Management District, a materials recovery facility, will
recycle glass and corrug a t e d cardboard by purchasing a roll truck and 30-c u
b i c -- yard coll e c t i o n boxes.

Community recycling grant funding supports and expands community efforts by
providing new infrastructure for collection and materials processing, involving
many materials including construction and demolition debris, paper-based
material or plastics.

Ohio EPA awarded $816,647 this grant round.

The Lorain Solid Waste Management District received $25,000. Drop-off recycling
for scrap tires will expand by using a forklift and a materials recovery
facility will be expanded.

The next community recycling grant application opportunity opens Oct. 1 with a
February deadline.

"With our match (two-toone of $55,000) the total grant was $165,000," said Pam
Hansberger, assistant for the Huron County Solid Waste Management District.

"Our roll truck is in bad shape and with any recycling program, you can't do
anything without a truck.

"When you have a truck down 10 to 15 days at a time, the whole system stops."

The EPA also awarded more than $527,000 for 2013 litter cleanup and tire
amnesties.

Forty-five communities will share the money, including the Huron County Solid
Waste Management District, which received $12,000.

"We move it every year," Hansberger said. "It is going to be in Monroeville this
year. It will be October and there are still details to be worked out."

Hansberger said it's great to have the money coming back to Huron County.

"I know the big cities have their own departments just writing grants," she
said. "This was done inhouse and it is something we are pretty proud of. Between
those two, that's about $4 for every person in Huron County come back from
Columbus. That is pretty good."

___ (c)2013 the Norwalk Reflector (Norwalk, Ohio) Visit the Norwalk Reflector
(Norwalk, Ohio) at www.norwalkreflector.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130529-1NW-Huron-County-receives-two-grants-0529-20130529

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1NW


                     Copyright 2013 Norwalk Reflector, Ohio


                              105 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                        Coal Valley News, Madison, W.Va

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             July 28, 2015 Tuesday

BRIEF: Boone Solid Waste Authority receives grant

BYLINE: Coal Valley News, Madison, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 107 words


July 28--Boone County was one of 35 local Solid Waste Authorities (SWAs) that
will receive grants totaling $360,000 as a result of action taken by the West
Virginia Solid Waste Management Board (SWMB) at its meeting held in Charleston
on Wednesday, July 15.

The Boone County Solid Waste Authority will receive $16,536, for tires and fuel.

The SWMB Grant Program is designed to assist local SWAs in the job of properly
managing solid waste within their respective counties or regions.

___ (c)2015 the Coal Valley News (Madison, W.Va.) Visit the Coal Valley News
(Madison, W.Va.) at www.coalvalleynews.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150728-1WV-BRF-Boone-Solid-Waste-Authority-receives-grant
-0728-20150728

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1WV


                    Copyright 2015 Coal Valley News, Madison


                              106 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           The Ironton Tribune, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 3, 2012 Sunday

Lawrence-Scioto Solid Waste Management District among five to receive $10,000
grant

BYLINE: Teresa Moore, The Ironton Tribune, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 289 words


June 03--One in a million? They're just happy being one in maybe 200.

The Lawrence-Scioto Solid Waste Management District is getting a $10,000 grant
from Keep Southeast Ohio Beautiful. In getting the grant, the district is one of
perhaps 200 applications nationally that will share $150,000 in grants.

In fact, Lawrence County was one of only five that received the maximum amount
given.

The grant was announced late last week.

The grant will be used to help pay for necessities at the newly created Life
Intervention & Diversion (LID) County Work Farm. The farm was created as
alternative sentencing for people who are found guilty or who plead guilty to
various charges in the county's court system and to help to address the
overcrowding issue at the Lawrence County Jail.

Ohio officials no longer allow state prisons to accept people convicted of
fourth- or fifth-degree felonies and even some third-degree felonies. The farm
is one way to both punish the offender by making them work and, hopefully,
rehabilitate them through various other connected programs.

"We need posts for fencing and two more rototillers. We need some more shovels
and (garden) hoes," LSSWMD Director Dan Palmer said. "We're averaging 15-18
people a day at the farm. It's really going well."

The food produced at the farm will be used to supplement the food services at
the county jail, the local juvenile group and shelter home, two senior centers,
several Head Start Centers and local food banks.

The solid waste district has also gotten a donation of 300 tomato plants from
Weber's Florist and Greenhouse.

___ (c)2012 The Ironton Tribune (Ironton, Ohio) Visit The Ironton Tribune
(Ironton, Ohio) at www.irontontribune.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120603-1IR-Lawrence-Scioto-Solid-Waste-Management
-District-among-five-to-receive-10,000-grant-0603-20120603

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1IR


                    Copyright 2012 The Ironton Tribune, Ohio


                              107 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       The Natchez Democrat (Mississippi)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 16, 2014 Tuesday

Natchez awarded grant to clean sites

BYLINE: Rod Guajardo, The Natchez Democrat, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 364 words


Dec. 16--NATCHEZ -- The City of Natchez has been awarded a $25,000 grant to
clean several sites where trash has been illegally dumped.

Natchez Community Development Director James Johnston said the grant will cover
the trash removal and disposal and any excavation and restoration to the sites.

The grant is funded by the Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality and
requires no match from the city.

Johnston said he and other city officials would begin reviewing the sites at the
beginning of January to determine the worst sites and how many they can address
with the funding.

"You can find all types of trash and household items and construction items at
illegal dumpsites and even at times tires," Johnston said. "You never know what
you're going to find in an illegal dumpsite."

The city has received similar funds in the past and used them to clean a variety
of dumpsites including areas on Marblestone Alley, South Bluebird Street,
Arlington Avenue, Linden Drive, Old Wilson Road, East Oak Street, Scott Lane and
West Stiers Lane.

Once the sites have been identified, Johnston said an estimated timeframe could
be given for the project.

"To some degree, you have to work around the schedule of one or more
contractors," Johnston said. "We'll identify sites in January and then start the
work sometime in February or March."

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality.

The grants are used by local communities for programs to prevent and clean up
unauthorized dumps, to aid in hiring local solid waste enforcement officers, for
public education efforts on solid waste disposal and recycling and to establish
programs for the collection of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Natchez's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Gary
Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

___ (c)2014 The Natchez Democrat (Natchez, Miss.) Visit The Natchez Democrat
(Natchez, Miss.) at www.natchezdemocrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141216-YY-Natchez-awarded-grant-to-clean-sites-1216-20141216

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YY


                      Copyright 2014 The Natchez Democrat


                              108 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                 Braxton Citizens' News (Sutton, West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 30, 2013

State Solid Waste Management Board issues thirty-one grants

BYLINE: Braxton Citizens News staff

LENGTH: 498  words


Thirty-one local Solid Waste Authorities (SWAs) will receive grants totaling
$300,000 as a result of action taken by the Solid Waste Management Board (SWMB)
at their meeting held in Charleston, WV, on Wednesday, July 17, 2013. The SWMB
Grant Program is designed to assist local SWAs in the job of properly managing
solid waste within their perspective counties or regions.

Following are the names of the local SWAs awarded grants, the amounts and
designated projects: Barbour County - $8,500 - for wages, fuel and insurance.
Boone County - $12,000 - for tires and fuel. Braxton County - $13,760 - for
fuel, insurance, office supplies, operating supplies, rent, education and a
financial examination. Brooke County - $13,000

- for transportation of re-cyclables, wages, recycling supplies and equipment
maintenance.

Calhoun County -$9,449 - wages, a security system and a computer. Doddridge
County

- $5,000 - for litter control officer wages. Greenbrier County - $6,467.50 - two
30 yd. roll-off recycling container s.Hancock County - $14,900 - for roll-off
charges, wages and a financial examination. Jackson County - $6,000

- for fuel and equipment/vehicle maintenance. Jefferson County - $16,400

- for battery disposal fees and a backhoe. Kanawha County - $14,800 - for
educational materials and educational conference expenses. Lincoln County

- $12,800 - for transportation of recyclables, wages, educational brochures and
insurance. Marion County

- $4,285 - for educational conference expenses and a flat bed hook-lift
container. Mason County - $7,431.29

- for vehicle maintenance and repairs, educational conference expenses, baling
equipment and wire, and fuel. McDowell County

- $4,800 - for educational conference expenses and educational/promotional
expenses. Mercer County -$11,942 - for educational conference expenses,
excavator maintenance/repair and two 40 yd. roll-off boxes. Monongalia County

- $4,800 - for educational conference expenses, fuel, equipment maintenance and
repairs. Monroe County - $2,500- wages, recycling materials, baler maintenance
and repairs and skid steer. Morgan County - $11,900 - for hauling fees, wages,
rent, internet costs, a shredding event and equipment rental. Ohio County - $
15,000-for a household hazardous waste event. Pleasants County - $10,600 - for
educational conference expenses, fuel, equipment maintenance and wages.
Pocahontas County

- $14,640 - for maintenance of trailers/green-boxes and garbage truck. Putnam
County - $6,500 -for educational conference expenses, advertising for county
cleanup, e-cycling hauling fees and fork truck rental for cleanups. Region VIII
- $15,000 - for a backhoe/loader. Taylor County - $1,500 - for liability
insurance. Tucker County - $14,383 - for Enviro Cover deployer and 2 rolls of
Enviro Cover material. Upshur County

- $3,853.92 - for insurance, billboards, shopping totes and field trips. Wayne
County - $ 12,318 - for fuel, insurance, baling wire, financial examination,
computer and office supplies.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BRX

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2013 Braxton Citizens' News


                              109 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                              July 11, 2016 Monday

EU and EBRD help to upgrade Bishkek&#226;&#128;&#153;s waste collection fleet

LENGTH: 515 words

DATELINE: New York



 London: The city of Bishkek took delivery today of 30 specialised trucks for
waste collection, acquired for a project to modernise solid waste management and
part of a comprehensive environmental improvement programme for the Kyrgyz
capital. Previously, the city had received over 5,000 waste containers.


 An official ceremony marked the handover of the specialised waste collection
trucks to the municipal solid waste company, Tazalyk. The event was attended by
local government representatives, including Mayor of Bishkek Albek Ibraimov, and
also by EU Ambassador to the Kyrgyz Republic Cesare de Montis, and EBRD Senior
Banker Catarina Bjorlin Hansen.
 The EBRD-EU-supported Bishkek solid waste project will help Tazalyk improve
waste collection and replace outdated equipment. It will also lead to the
establishment of an urgently needed, sanitary landfill and introduce a solid
waste sorting line and waste minimisation measures in the city. This is a
project which combines an EU grant and an EBRD loan and is part of a
comprehensive environmental improvement programme. The project is being
implemented by the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD).
 "The EBRD is committed to improving the country's municipal services and
infrastructure and to introducing modern facilities and management skills. This
project aims to improve the city of Bishkek's solid waste services, including an
upgrade of the collection fleet. The support will be critical to guarantee
better service for a cleaner Kyrgyz capital," said Catarina Bjorlin Hansen.
 "The EU encourages the Kyrgyz Republic to continue steps towards integrated
solid waste management. On our part, the EU will continue to support poverty
reduction efforts, with increased investment in rural development combined with
support to deliver quality social services," added Ambassador Cesare de Montis,
Head of the Delegation of the European Union to the Kyrgyz Republic.
 Following the delivery of waste containers and platforms in 2015, today's
handover is a new milestone that will improve daily life for people in Bishkek
and make the city more environmentally friendly and attractive.
 The European Union is supporting the improvement of solid waste management in
Bishkek with a [#x20ac]8.22 million grant under its Investment Facility for
Central Asia (IFCA). Through these actions EU taxpayers address effectively the
most vital infrastructure needs in the Kyrgyz Republic.
 The EBRD is supporting the Bishkek solid waste management programme with a loan
of [#x20ac]11 million. This investment will upgrade waste services in the city
and produce significant environmental and public health benefits.
 The EBRD is the largest institutional investor in the private sector in the
Kyrgyz Republic. Since 2009 the Bank has been investing in supporting the
country's infrastructure including water, wastewater, solid waste management,
local public transport and road rehabilitation. The EU is one of the largest
donors providing grant resources to the EBRD to manage programmes and projects
that directly benefit people across the country.

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              110 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                     The Independent (Edgewood, New Mexico)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 11, 2015

Solid Waste Authority gets grants for study, tire disposal

BYLINE: The Independent staff

LENGTH: 473  words


The Estancia Valley Solid Waste Authority got a grant to analyze its contract
with Torrance County for solid waste services, and residents can dispose of
tires for free due to another grant.

The Solid Waste Authority also got a grant for $50,000 from the N.M. Finance
Authority to study its waste management system for Torrance County.

The Solid Waste Authority has come under fire from a board member, Art

DuCharme, who has said its contract with the county for waste management costs
too much."Since its inception in 1996, EVSWA has performed a contract with the
County of Torrance to implement the county's solid waste ordinance that
prescribes a fee for residential property owners in the. unincorporated areas of
the county," Ellis said. "In the intervening years, EVSWA has built a system of
eight neighborhood collection stations for waste and recycling drop-off."

The study is to determine if the collection station system is the "most adequate
and effective" way to implement Torrance County's contract, and will look at
alternatives including privatization, Ellis said.

The study will be performed by Gordon Environmental, which will present its
findings at a joint meeting of the Torrance County Commission and the EVSWA
board of directors May 20.

Torrance County residents can dispose of tires for free thanks to a partnership
between the Estancia Valley Solid Waste Authority and the county.

The program has been available in the past, but only for EVSWA customers in
unincorporated areas of the county. This year people living inside the city
limits of Estancia, Moriarty and other towns in Torrance County can also take
advantage of the program, which allows free disposal of up to 10 tires per load
at four collection stations.

Residents can bring more than one load, with no limit on the number of loads,
but the total number of tires that will be accepted is limited, meaning tires
will be accepted on a first-come, first-served basis, said EVSWA manager Joseph
Ellis in an email to The Independent. Tires from light passenger car or light
trucks can be taken to one of four collection stations: in Moriarty on N.M. 41,
the Indian Hills station on Lexco Road, the Central station in Estancia and the
Southern station in Mountainair."This is only available for residences," Ellis
explained. "No tires will be accepted from commercial businesses."

Funds are coming from a grant from the N.M. Environment Department's Solid Waste
Bureau. "Because Torrance County has been awarded this amnesty grant for three
years in a row, the county will no longer be eligible for this type of grant in
the future," Ellis said.

The tires will be sent to the State Rubber and Environmental Solutions recycling
plant in Denver City, Texas, where they will be processed into
construction-grade crumb rubber for highway construction in Texas, Ellis said.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IED

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2015 The Independent


                              111 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 15, 2015 Monday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Winona for Recycling

LENGTH: 183  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded the City of
Winona a solid waste assistance grant of $15,000 that will be used by the city
for local recycling efforts.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Winona's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Gary
Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              112 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                 Central Asian News Service (English language)

                             May 18, 2016 Wednesday

EBRD to fund waste management modernization in Khujand

LENGTH: 490  words


The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) is partnering with
the government of Tajikistan to finance further improvements in solid waste
management in Khujand, the main city in the country's north, said the Bank in
press release.



An EBRD loan of US$ 2.5 million and an equal investment grant from an
international donor, to be announced shortly, will be lent to the city's
municipal solid waste management utility, Khizmatrasonii Naqliyoti Sanitari,
with a sovereign guarantee.

The new financing will allow the city to start the second phase of major
improvements to its solid waste management. The EBRD has already financed the
first phase by providing a loan of US$ 2.5 million and a grant from its
Shareholder Special Fund for an equal amount. The first phase of the works has
included modernisation of the public utility's equipment and machinery,
procurement of waste collection tracks, rehabilitation of waste collection
points and containers assets, as well as rehabilitation of the city's landfill,
and will be finished in the second half of 2016.

The new financing for the second phase will allow further upgrade of the waste
collection and transportation assets, improvement of the existing landfill and
the establishment of a new, modern integrated solid waste treatment facility and
other landfill infrastructure.

Signing the loan agreement for the EBRD, Associate Director Bakhtiyor Faiziev
said: "Waste management in Tajikistan needs to be improved across the country as
a matter of public health priority. The EBRD is proud to be playing a key role
in modernising vital public services in Tajikistan, including solid waste, and
we are grateful to donors who support this work."

Khujand is just one of the cities in Tajikistan where the EBRD is investing in
waste management. Responding to the urgent need to upgrade outdated equipment
from the Soviet era, not only in solid waste but in other vital public utilities
such as water and wastewater, the EBRD has set up simplified procedures, or
frameworks, to provide funds for these vital upgrades.

So far, the Bank has committed US$ 17 million in loans (including the current
Khujand loan) to six cities in Tajikistan for solid waste improvement projects.
The total value of projects co-financed by the EBRD is US$ 34 million, which
includes donor grant co-financing.

The project in Khujand will also benefit from donor-funded technical assistance.
A feasibility study will be financed by the EBRD's Shareholder Special Fund for
the amount of US$ 169,000. Project implementation support, including an
environmental and social action plan, will be financed by donors including the
EU's Investment Facility for Central Asia which will provide [#x20ac]295,000. A
further US$ 226,000 grant is being sought from international donors to provide
the utility with corporate development support.


To date, the EBRD has invested over [#x20ac]568 million in Tajikistan's
economy.AKIpress

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 894


                            Copyright 2016 AKIpress
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              113 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 15, 2015 Monday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Yalobusha County for
Illegal Dumping Clean Up

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Yalobusha
County a solid waste assistance grant of $16,513 that will be used by the county
for clean up of illegal dumping.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Yalobusha County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              114 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 4, 2015 Thursday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Monroe County

LENGTH: 186  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Monroe County
a solid waste assistance grant of $17,575 that will be used by the county for
enforcement to combat illegal dumping.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist Monroe
County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Gary
Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              115 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 4, 2015 Thursday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Greenwood

LENGTH: 186  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded the City of
Greenwood a solid waste assistance grant of $11,000 that will be used by the
city for an electronics waste recycling program.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Greenwood's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Gary
Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              116 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 28, 2015 Thursday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Washington County

LENGTH: 187  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Washington
County a solid waste assistance grant of $36,779 that will be used by the county
for enforcement of illegal dumping sites.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Washington County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              117 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 20, 2015 Wednesday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Tchula

LENGTH: 184  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded the City of
Tchula a solid waste assistance grant of $15,000 that will be used by the city
for clean up of illegal dumping sites.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Tchula's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Gary
Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              118 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 15, 2015 Monday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Choctaw County for
Illegal Dumping Enforcement

LENGTH: 187  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Choctaw
County a solid waste assistance grant of $10,985 that will be used by the county
for enforcement efforts to combat illegal dumping.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Choctaw County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              119 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 4, 2015 Thursday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Bolivar County

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Bolivar
County a solid waste assistance grant of $15,745 that will be used by the county
for clean up of illegal dump sites.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Bolivar County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              120 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 28, 2015 Thursday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Tippah County

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Tippah County
a solid waste assistance grant of $13,760 that will be used by the county for
clean up of illegal dumping sites.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist Tippah
County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Gary
Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              121 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 28, 2015 Thursday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to DeSoto County

LENGTH: 187  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded DeSoto County
a solid waste assistance grant of $19,894 that will be used by the county for
enforcement efforts of illegal dumping sites.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist DeSoto
County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Gary
Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              122 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 15, 2015 Friday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Benton County

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Benton County
a solid waste assistance grant of $10,008 that will be used by the county for
clean up of illegal dumping sites.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist Benton
County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Gary
Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              123 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 15, 2015 Friday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Pontotoc County

LENGTH: 186  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Pontotoc
County a solid waste assistance grant of $15,500 that will be used by the county
for clean up of illegal dumping sites.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Pontotoc County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              124 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 15, 2015 Friday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Marion County

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Marion County
a solid waste assistance grant of $15,867 that will be used by the county for
clean up of illegal dumping sites.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist Marion
County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Gary
Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              125 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 15, 2015 Friday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Lawrence County

LENGTH: 186  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Lawrence
County a solid waste assistance grant of $11,717 that will be used by the county
for clean up of illegal dumping sites.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Lawrence County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              126 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 15, 2015 Friday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Chickasaw County

LENGTH: 186  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Chickasaw
County a solid waste assistance grant of $11,717 that will be used by the county
for clean up of illegal dumping sites.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Chickasaw County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              127 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 15, 2015 Friday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Tishomingo County

LENGTH: 186  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Tishomingo
County a solid waste assistance grant of $13,304 that will be used by the county
for clean up of illegal dumping sites.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Tishomingo County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              128 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 15, 2015 Friday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Union County

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Union County
a solid waste assistance grant of $14,158 that will be used by the county for
clean up of illegal dumping sites.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist Union
County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Gary
Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              129 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 14, 2015 Thursday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Benton County

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Benton County
a solid waste assistance grant of $10,008 that will be used by the county for
clean up of illegal dumping sites.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist Benton
County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Gary
Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              130 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 14, 2015 Thursday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Lawrence County

LENGTH: 186  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Lawrence
County a solid waste assistance grant of $11,717 that will be used by the county
for clean up of illegal dumping sites.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Lawrence County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              131 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 14, 2015 Thursday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Pontotoc County

LENGTH: 186  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Pontotoc
County a solid waste assistance grant of $15,500 that will be used by the county
for clean up of illegal dumping sites.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Pontotoc County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              132 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 14, 2015 Thursday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Tishomingo County

LENGTH: 186  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Tishomingo
County a solid waste assistance grant of $13,304 that will be used by the county
for clean up of illegal dumping sites.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Tishomingo County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              133 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 14, 2015 Thursday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Chickasaw County

LENGTH: 186  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Chickasaw
County a solid waste assistance grant of $11,717 that will be used by the county
for clean up of illegal dumping sites.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Chickasaw County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              134 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 14, 2015 Thursday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Union County

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Union County
a solid waste assistance grant of $14,158 that will be used by the county for
clean up of illegal dumping sites.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist Union
County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Gary
Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              135 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 14, 2015 Thursday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Marion County

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Marion County
a solid waste assistance grant of $15,867 that will be used by the county for
clean up of illegal dumping sites.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist Marion
County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Gary
Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              136 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 29, 2015 Wednesday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Calhoun County

LENGTH: 187  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Calhoun
County a solid waste assistance grant of $11,473 that will be used by the county
for enforcement efforts regarding illegal dumping.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Calhoun County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              137 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 29, 2015 Wednesday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Oktibbeha County

LENGTH: 186  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Oktibbeha
County a solid waste assistance grant of $15,378 that will be used by the county
for clean up of illegal dumping sites.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Oktibbeha County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              138 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 17, 2015 Tuesday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Tate County

LENGTH: 186  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Tate County a
solid waste assistance grant of $14,158 that will be used by the county for
enforcement efforts regarding illegal dumping.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist Tate
County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Gary
Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              139 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 17, 2015 Tuesday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Prentiss County

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Prentiss
County a solid waste assistance grant of $13,304 that will be used by the county
for clean up of illegal dumping sites.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Prentiss County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              140 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                             June 9, 2016 Thursday

EBRD to finance waste management upgrade in Khujand, north Tajikistan

LENGTH: 473 words

DATELINE: New York



 London: The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) is
partnering with the government of Tajikistan to finance further improvements in
solid waste management in Khujand, the main city in the country's north.


 An EBRD loan of US$ 2.5 million and an equal investment grant from an
international donor, to be announced shortly, will be lent to the city's
municipal solid waste management utility, Khizmatrasonii Naqliyoti Sanitari,
with a sovereign guarantee.
 The new financing will allow the city to start the second phase of major
improvements to its solid waste management. The EBRD has already financed the
first phase by providing a loan of US$ 2.5 million and a grant from its
Shareholder Special Fund for an equal amount. The first phase of the works has
included modernisation of the public utility's equipment and machinery,
procurement of waste collection tracks, rehabilitation of waste collection
points and containers assets, as well as rehabilitation of the city's landfill,
and will be finished in the second half of 2016.
 The new financing for the second phase will allow further upgrade of the waste
collection and transportation assets, improvement of the existing landfill and
the establishment of a new, modern integrated solid waste treatment facility and
other landfill infrastructure.
 Signing the loan agreement for the EBRD, Associate Director Bakhtiyor Faiziev
said: "Waste management in Tajikistan needs to be improved across the country as
a matter of public health priority. The EBRD is proud to be playing a key role
in modernising vital public services in Tajikistan, including solid waste, and
we are grateful to donors who support this work."
 Khujand is just one of the cities in Tajikistan where the EBRD is investing in
waste management. Responding to the urgent need to upgrade outdated equipment
from the Soviet era, not only in solid waste but in other vital public utilities
such as water and wastewater, the EBRD has set up simplified procedures, or
frameworks, to provide funds for these vital upgrades.
 So far, the Bank has committed US$ 17 million in loans (including the current
Khujand loan) to six cities in Tajikistan for solid waste improvement projects.
The total value of projects co-financed by the EBRD is US$ 34 million, which
includes donor grant co-financing.
 The project in Khujand will also benefit from donor-funded technical
assistance. A feasibility study will be financed by the EBRD's Shareholder
Special Fund for the amount of US$ 169,000. Project implementation support,
including an environmental and social action plan, will be financed by donors
including the EU's Investment Facility for Central Asia which will provide
[#x20ac]295,000. A further US$ 226,000 grant is being sought from international
donors to provide the utility with corporate development support.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              141 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 15, 2015 Monday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Lamar County for White
Goods Collection

LENGTH: 189  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Lamar County
a solid waste assistance grant of $25,000 that will be used by the county to
continue the white goods (large appliances) collection program.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist Lamar
County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Gary
Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              142 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 4, 2015 Thursday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Lafayette County

LENGTH: 188  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Lafayette
County a solid waste assistance grant of $34,766 that will be used by the county
for enforcement and clean up of illegal dump sites.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Lafayette County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              143 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 28, 2015 Thursday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Lowndes County

LENGTH: 188  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Lowndes
County a solid waste assistance grant of $19,528 that will be used by the county
for enforcement and clean up of illegal dumping sites.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Lowndes County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              144 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 28, 2015 Thursday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Tallahatchie County

LENGTH: 190  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Tallahatchie
County a solid waste assistance grant of $12,327 that will be used by the county
for enforcement and clean up of illegal dumping sites.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Tallahatchie County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste,"
said Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              145 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 28, 2015 Thursday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Marshall County

LENGTH: 188  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Marshall
County a solid waste assistance grant of $18,064 that will be used by the county
for enforcement and clean up of illegal dumping sites.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Marshall County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              146 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                            The Woodville Republican

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 23, 2009

MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Grant To Wilkinson County

BYLINE: The Woodville Republican staff

LENGTH: 147  words


The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) has awarded Wilkinson
County a solid waste assistance grant of $7,080 that will be used by the county
to clean up unauthorized dump sites.

"We are pleased this grant will assist the county's efforts in improving their
management of solid waste," said Trudy Fisher, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality.

These grants are utilized by local communities for programs to prevent and clean
up unauthorized dumps; to aid in hiring local solid waste enforcement officers;
for public education efforts on solid waste disposal and recycling; and to
establish programs for the collection of white goods, bulky wastes and
re-cyclables.

Information about this grant program and other initiatives is available at
www.deq.state.ms.us.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WVR

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2009 The Woodville Republican


                              147 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 28, 2015 Thursday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Forrest County

LENGTH: 191  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Forrest
County a solid waste assistance grant of $16,355 that will be used by the county
for clean up of illegal dumping sites and for white goods collection.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Forrest County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              148 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                             October 6, 2008 Monday

Bacolod city gov't receives feasibility study on waste management

BYLINE: Chrysee G. Samillano

SECTION: Pg. S1/10

LENGTH: 286 words


BACOLOD - The Spanish government has submitted the draft of a feasibility study
on solid waste management in this city.

Councilor Greg G. Gasataya, chairman of the committee on environment and
ecology, said they have received the draft, but declined to say when the study
would be completed.

"This is subject to further discussion with Idom, the consultant hired by the
Spanish Embassy to conduct the study," he said.

He added the city council will request the consultant to conduct exit polls
before the final feasibility study is accepted.

"All questions on the feasibility study will be answered in the exit polls," he
said.

The study aims to assist the city government in complying with the provisions of
the Solid Waste Management Act, or Republic Act 9003, which required all local
government units to operate only sanitary landfill, instead of controlled dump
sites.

Many local governments, including Metro Manila, still use sanitary landfill in
disposing wastes.

Spain provided in 2006 a P14-million grant for the conduct of the study on the
solid waste management system in Bacolod, the only city in the Philippines to
have received such a grant.

Two other countries, China and Vietnam, also received grants for other projects.

Mr. Gasataya said the grant did not pass through the city government since this
was remitted directly to the consultant.

"The city government is just the recipient of the study. We did not get the
P14-million grant," he said.

Aside from solid waste management projects, the Spanish government has also
supported health care, gender equality, poverty reduction, livelihood programs
and the Eye Referral Center at the Philippine General Hospital. Spain provided
P500 million for its construction.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2008 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              149 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 20, 2015 Wednesday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Ridgeland

LENGTH: 197  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded the City of
Ridgeland a solid waste assistance grant of $25,000 that will be used by the
city for a household hazardous waste collection event in the fall of 2015. The
date has not yet been determined.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Ridgeland's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Gary
Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              150 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 19, 2015 Friday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Hattiesburg for HHW
Event

LENGTH: 199  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded the City of
Hattiesburg a solid waste assistance grant of $75,000 that will be used by the
city for a household hazardous waste (HHW) collection event in November of 2015.
A specific date has not yet determined.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Hattiesburg's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Gary
Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              151 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 4, 2015 Thursday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Hancock County for HHW
Event

LENGTH: 202  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Hancock
County a solid waste assistance grant of $50,000 that will be used by the county
for a household hazardous waste collection event on Saturday, October 10, 2015,
at the Coast Electric Power Association facility in Kiln.

"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Hancock County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said
Gary Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              152 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             April 23, 2013 Tuesday
                                 ONLINE EDITION

Missouri Senate votes to cut funding for recycling program

BYLINE: By Virginia Young vyoung@post-dispatch.com 573-635-6178

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 681 words


JEFFERSON CITY o The state budget that the Missouri Senate is considering would
chop funding for a statewide recycling grant program, a move that recycling
advocates call shortsighted.

At issue is a program funded by a fee trash haulers pay when they dispose of
solid waste in landfills or take it to transfer stations where it is
consolidated for shipment to a landfill.

Money from the fee is distributed to 20 regional solid waste districts around
the state. District officials then award grants to businesses and groups to
increase recycling options and promote public awareness of recycling.

Supporters say the program has been successful at diverting waste from
landfills. But the program has drawn fire from Appropriations Committee Chairman
Kurt Schaefer, R-Columbia, for what he considers exorbitant overhead costs.

"It's a tremendous waste of money," Schaefer, an environmental lawyer, said in
an interview earlier this year.

Schaefer wanted to cut all the districts' money. But after 2 ½ hours of debate
Monday night, he agreed to restore $4 million of the funding, which he said
represented half of the districts' spending. He said he hopes the cut will
provide leverage to get the solid waste districts to negotiate with him to
change how the program is run.

Information provided by his office indicates that some of the waste management
districts used half of their funds for administrative costs last year. The
highest percentage spent on overhead was 54 percent, in Region D in northwestern
Missouri.

"When you bring this to peoples' attention, they think it's ludicrous," Schaefer
said.

But not all districts spent such a high percentage on administration. The St.
Louis-Jefferson Solid Waste Management District, which covers St. Louis, St.
Louis County, St. Charles County and Jefferson County, spent 23.6 percent on
overhead, according to Schaefer's data.

The St. Louis-Jefferson district approved more than $2.1 million in funding for
60 grant recipients last year, according to John Haasis, manager of the solid
waste management program at the St. Louis County Department of Health.

Haasis sent an email to senators today, asking them to reinstate the program's
funding. A handout he distributed said that over the years, the outlay has
funded options such as curbside recycling, yard waste composting sites, special
collections for electronics and hundreds of thousands of recycling containers.

Sen. Joe Keaveny, D-St. Louis, said he supported restoring the money.

"It's kind of ironic that we're having this discussion on Earth Day," Keaveny
said. "I've heard a number of times from businesses how much they utilize this
program and how much it benefits the environment."

In addition to the proposed budget cut, Schaefer sponsors a separate bill that
would eliminate the solid waste districts, lower the haulers' tipping fee and
let the Missouri Department of Natural Resources administer the grants.

He said the "world of solid waste is not what it was in 1990," when the
districts were established. Given the high cost of land for landfills and the
growing market for recycling, he said haulers had an economic incentive to
reduce what they take to landfills.

But his bill eliminating the districts has been stuck on the Senate's debate
calendar for months, and with only four weeks left in the session, it is
probably dead.

At a hearing in January, critics said it would eliminate local control and harm
efforts to educate people about the benefits of recycling. They said Missouri's
recycling industry employs more than 25,000 people.

"If some districts are not operating efficiently, then certain limits on
administrative costs might solve the problem," said a letter submitted by Tim
Fischesser, executive director of the St. Louis County Municipal League.

Keaveny voiced a similar position. "The St. Louis-Jefferson Solid Waste District
does a very, very good job. I can't speak to all the others but I'm not sure we
need to take the nuclear action and eliminate them all."

(The solid waste districts' funding is part of HB6. Schaefer's bill eliminating
the districts is SB13.)

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              153 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           The Times of Central Asia

                             July 14, 2015 Tuesday

EU supports solid waste management in Bishkek

LENGTH: 259  words


The European Union is supporting the improvement of the management of solid
waste in Kyrgyzstan's capital Bishkek with a EUR 8,220,000 grant under its
Investment Facility for Central Asia (IFCA).

Bishkek Solid Waste Project will improve the quality and reliability of solid
waste management in Bishkek and includes significant technical cooperation to
improve the operational performance of the waste collection services and
disposal practices, the EU Delegation to Kyrgyzstan said. The project is
implemented by the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD).

Kyrgyzstan President Almazbek Atambayev last week signed a law on ratification
of the loan agreement on financing of the project to improve the solid waste
management system in the city of Bishkek between Kyrgyzstan and the EBRD signed
on 10 May 2013. The total cost of the project will come to EUR 24 million of
which the grant from the EU constitutes 38 percent.

The Ministry of Finance of Kyrgyzstan was instructed to notify the European Bank
for Reconstruction and Development on the implementation of Kyrgyzstan's
internal procedures necessary for the entry into force of this agreement.

The EU Delegation disbursed more than EUR 27 million in assistance to the Kyrgyz
Republic in 2014, including EUR 11 million in budget support directly to the
Government for implementing critical elements of its Education and Social
Protection reform strategies. In addition, in June 2015 the EU made a payment of
a EUR 10 million grant in macro-financial assistance to the Kyrgyz Government.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Times of Central Asia
                              All Rights Reserved


                              154 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 15, 2015 Monday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Alcorn County for HHW
Event and Illegal Dumping Enforcement

LENGTH: 213  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Alcorn County
a solid waste assistance grant of $39,768 that will be used by the county for
enforcement efforts to combat illegal dumping and for a household hazardous
waste (HHW) collection event. The HHW event is scheduled for Saturday, September
26, at the Alcorn County Transfer Station.
"The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist Alcorn
County's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Gary
Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              155 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               December 9, 1999, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

ARNOLD IS SEEKING FUNDS FOR PUBLIC SOLID WASTE MANAGEMENT PROGRAM;
PLAN IS TO EDUCATE RESIDENTS ABOUT AVAILABLE ACTIVITIES

BYLINE: Lee Khorll; Special To The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: JEFFERSON COUNTY POST, Pg. 6

LENGTH: 440 words


With the goal of continuing to inform residents of the various waste-management
activities available to them, the Arnold City Council last week voted to seek
money for the public solid-waste-management program.

The application for $ 6,645 focuses on educating residents, says Michael
DeRuntz, community development director. He said 21 percent of the grant amount
would consist of Arnold's match for in-kind services.

The plan will be funded by the St. Louis-Jefferson County Solid Waste Management
District's waste-reduction and recycling grant program.

Within the plan, Arnold is responsible for various activities, including
ensuring that recycling collection and yard-waste collection are available for
all residents, providing ongoing waste reduction and recycling education and
seeking public participation.

"This activity proposes to continue to provide educational materials for the
6,200 households within the city," DeRuntz said. "Quarterly educational fliers
on different fields of solid-waste management within our community will be
mailed to the households with the city's quarterly newsletter.

"With the individuals' decisions to avail themselves of these opportunities, the
city can continue to reduce the quantity of waste generated within the city," he
said.

The council on Nov. 16, 1995, passed a resolution adopting the Solid Waste
Management Plan prepared by the St. Louis-Jefferson Solid Waste Management
District.

In other business:

* The council approved Arnold's participation in the 2nd annual Winter River
Cleanup and allocated $ 750 to pay for the disposal costs and postage. The work
is being sponsored by Arnold Stream Team 211. The goals are to remove piles of
materials located throughout the greenway in the area of Hollywood and Bradley
Beach roads and remove miscellaneous debris from the banks of the Meramec River.
Arnold also will provide a bulldozer, four backhoes, four dump trucks and one
bus plus driver for these vehicles.

* The council appointed Jeff Campbell and Leo G. Schwartz Jr. to the Planning
Commission Board.

* Mayor Ron Voss said he intended to veto the bill rezoning about 18 acres known
as the McClain Tract from commercial to residential. The bill was passed at the
last meeting of the council. "I believe this rezoning is not in the best
interests of the citizens of the city of Arnold," Voss wrote in his veto
message. "In addition to this rezoning not being in compliance with the city of
Arnold's Comprehensive Plan, I believe its action is immediate and excessive."
The tract lies on the eastern side of Jeffco Boulevard in the center of Arnold.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              156 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 9, 2016 Saturday

Tennessee: TDEC Accepting Applications to Support Recycling, Waste Reduction
Efforts

LENGTH: 334  words

DATELINE: New York



 Nashville: The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:



 The Tennessee Department of Environment and Conservation (TDEC) is now
accepting applications for Recycling and Waste Reduction Grants, as well as
Recycling Rebates. The application period began July 1, 2016 and applications
are due October 3, 2016.





 "Recycling directly impacts manufacturers in Tennessee who reuse materials
collected in their manufacturing process," said TDEC Commissioner Bob Martineau.
"The manufacturing industry is an essential element of our state's economy, and
we're happy to help them reach their financial goals while protecting our
environment. It's a win-win."



 There are three separate offerings: Recycling Equipment Grants, Used Oil Grants
and Recycling Rebates. TDEC is contacting local communities about the grant
availability and will host workshops during the month of July to help
communities understand the application process.



 The grant programs were authorized by the Solid Waste Management Act of 1991
and funded by the Tennessee Solid Waste Management Fund. The fund, which is
administered by the TDEC, receives its revenues from a state surcharge on each
ton of municipal solid waste disposed in landfills and from a fee collected from
new tires sold in Tennessee. The used oil grants are authorized by the Used Oil
Collection Act and funded by the Used Oil Collection Fund. The Used Oil
Collection Fund receives its revenues from a $0.02 fee on each quart of oil sold
at wholesale.



 The application deadline for the Used Oil, Recycling Equipment, and Recycling
Rebate (Rebate is by invitation only) is 4:30 p.m. on Oct. 3 2016.  For more
information or to obtain applications, please call Loretta Harrington at (615)
532-0086 or via email at Solid.Waste@tn.gov For information about the grants,
visit http://www.tn.gov/environment/article/sw-mm-grants-administration.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              157 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           The Times of Central Asia

                              May 17, 2016 Tuesday

EBRD to finance waste management upgrade in Khujand in Tajikistan

LENGTH: 388  words


DUSHANBE (TCA)  The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) is
partnering with the government of Tajikistan to finance further improvements in
solid waste management in Khujand, the main city in the country's north.

An EBRD loan of US $2.5 million and an equal investment grant from an
international donor, to be announced shortly, will be lent to the city's
municipal solid waste management utility, Khizmatrasonii Naqliyoti Sanitari,
with a sovereign guarantee, the EBRD press office said.The new financing will
allow the city to start the second phase of major improvements to its solid
waste management. The EBRD has already financed the first phase by providing a
loan of $2.5 million and a grant from its Shareholder Special Fund for an equal
amount. The first phase of the works has included modernisation of the public
utility's equipment and machinery, procurement of waste collection trucks,
rehabilitation of waste collection points and containers assets, as well as
rehabilitation of the city's landfill, and will be finished in the second half
of 2016.The new financing for the second phase will allow further upgrade of the
waste collection and transportation assets, improvement of the existing landfill
and the establishment of a new, modern integrated solid waste treatment facility
and other landfill infrastructure.Signing the loan agreement for the EBRD,
Associate Director Bakhtiyor Faiziev said: "Waste management in Tajikistan needs
to be improved across the country as a matter of public health priority. The
EBRD is proud to be playing a key role in modernising vital public services in
Tajikistan, including solid waste, and we are grateful to donors who support
this work."Khujand is just one of the cities in Tajikistan where the EBRD is
investing in waste management. Responding to the urgent need to upgrade outdated
equipment from the Soviet era, not only in solid waste but in other vital public
utilities such as water and wastewater, the EBRD has set up simplified
procedures to provide funds for these vital upgrades. So far, the Bank has
committed $17 million in loans (including the current Khujand loan) to six
cities in Tajikistan for solid waste improvement projects. The total value of
projects co-financed by the EBRD is $34 million, which includes donor grant
co-financing.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Times of Central Asia
                              All Rights Reserved


                              158 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Gazette (Sterling, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 27, 2011 Saturday

BRIEF: Waste reduction/recycling grants available through Oct. 6

BYLINE: Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 225 words


Aug. 27--OREGON -- The Ogle County Solid Waste Management Department has
extended the deadline to Oct. 6 to submit a waste reduction and recycling grant.

A limited amount of grant money is available to Ogle County businesses, schools,
school districts, libraries and nonprofit organizations wishing to address the
issue of waste reduction and recycling.

This may include implementation of waste reduction activities, the purchase of
recycling equipment or collection containers, the promotion of waste reduction
or recycling educational efforts.

Grants from $100 to $2,000 will be awarded on a competitive basis.

Applicants must provide a 20 percent match of the total project cost. All
applications will be reviewed by the Ogle County Solid Waste Management
Department and the Ogle County Board HEW/Solid Waste Committee. Ninety percent
of an approved grant will be awarded by mid-October.

The 10 percent balance of the grant will be paid shortly after receipts and a
grant evaluation/expenditure report is received by the county in mid-November.

For more information or to request an application, visit
www.oglecountysolidwaste.org or contact the Ogle County Solid Waste Management
Department at 815-732-4020.

___ (c)2011 the Daily Gazette (Sterling, Ill.) Visit the Daily Gazette
(Sterling, Ill.) at www.saukvalley.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110827-YG-BRF-Waste-reduction-recycling-grants
-available-through-Oct-6-0827-20110827

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YG


                          Copyright 2011 Daily Gazette


                              159 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  April 6, 1994, WEDNESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

SOLID WASTE GROUP ANNOUNCES MONEY AWARDS FOR SIX PROJECTS

BYLINE: Judith VandeWater Of the St. Charles Post

SECTION: ST. CHARLES NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 382 words


The East Central Missouri Solid Waste Management District One, a group charged
with cutting the volume of trash going to landfills, has awarded $ 21,740 to six
projects in its territory of St. Charles, Lincoln, Warren, Montgomery and
Franklin counties.

The district held about $ 58,000 in reserve to pay for project overruns and new
projects that need to be started quickly, says Steve W. Etcher, director of the
Boonslick Regional Planning Commission. The commission has a contract to supply
administrative services to the district.

Applications are available for the current round of grants by calling 456-3473.
The application deadline is May 3. A workshop for applicants is scheduled for 2
p.m., April 18 at the Boonslick office, 122 East Boonslick Road, in Warrenton.

Money for the grants comes from landfill fees and fees for trash shipped out of
Missouri. Waste haulers pay $ 1.55 to a state solid-waste-management fund for
each ton of refuse tipped at a landfill, $ 1.05 a ton for waste dropped at a
demolition landfill and $ 1.55 a ton of waste transported out of Missouri.

The money is redistributed to solid waste management districts for projects to
cut waste volume. Etcher said the East Central Missouri district had received $
180,300 for the 1993 grants but expects $ 158,000 for this year. As a result,
the district will reduce the maximum grant available this year to $ 40,000 from
$ 50,000.

Recycled Plastic Resins, a for-profit plastics recycling company in Washington,
has the biggest grant this year. The company got $ 50,000 toward its $ 120,000
cost to expand collection efforts in remote areas.

The St. Charles County Humane and Environmental Service received two grants
totaling $ 18,865. The agency will use the money to buy a plastics granulator
for the St. Charles Recycling Center and to provide free freon recovery in St.
Charles County.

The district awarded Moscow Mills and Warren County $ 18,750 each to establish
compost centers for yard waste and tree trimmings.

Recycle Roundup Inc. in St. Peters will receive $ 10,750 for a recycling
education program.

The Lincoln County Sheltered Workshop was awarded $ 4,625 to buy a baler for its
recycling project. The not-for-profit workshop recycles aluminum cans, paper and
cardboard.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1994 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              160 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 19, 2014 Wednesday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Three Rivers

LENGTH: 166  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded the Three
Rivers Solid Waste Management Authority a $75,000 solid waste assistance grant
that will be used for household hazardous waste collection events in the Spring
of 2015. The Authority includes Calhoun, Itawamba, Lafayette, Lee, Monroe,
Pontotoc, and Union counties.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              161 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            October 25, 2013 Friday

Burkina Faso receives $50.66 million grant for drainage system

LENGTH: 262  words

DATELINE: Tunis


Burkina Faso will receive a US $50.66 million grant to finance a drainage and
solid waste management project in the outlying districts of Ouagadougou. The
sub-project was approved by the African Development Bank Group on Wednesday in
Tunis.


Based on studies conducted by the African Water Facility in 2012, the
sub-project aims to tackle drainage and solid waste management issues, and
constitutes the backbone of all future operations in the sector.
The projected outcomes include development of the entire length (4,140 m) of the
Mogho Naaba backwater and its tributaries; the construction of 68 solid-waste
collection and sorting centres; and the development of 22 landfill cells.
The sub-project focuses on the outlying districts where approximately 890,000
people or 45% of the city's population live. On completion, the project is
expected to significantly reduce recurrent floods in these districts during the
rainy season. It will also help to improve solid waste management; create over
2,160 temporary jobs during the implementation and 1,300 permanent jobs for
women and youths working in the solid waste management system; reduce the
prevalence of waterborne diseases; and strengthen Ouagadougou City Council's
financial capacity. The monitoring and evaluation system to be implemented will
generate relevant information on the sub-project's impact on the reduction of
floods and improvement of the people's living environment. The sub-project will
help to disseminate experiences and best practices in the design, management and
maintenance of drainage facilities.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              162 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           The Ironton Tribune, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 13, 2014 Tuesday

Solid waste management gets 2 grants

BYLINE: Justin Prince, The Ironton Tribune, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 244 words


May 13--Next month a local organization will receive two grants from the Ohio
Environmental Protection Agency.

The Lawrence Scioto Solid Waste Management District has been awarded two EPA
grants for a total of $40,000. One grant will allow the LSSWMD to purchase nine
hi-tech surveillance cameras that will be placed in various locations to monitor
illegal dumping and the breaking of other environmental laws.

"The cameras are going to have zoom and motion detection capabilities," Dan
Palmer, LSSWMD district coordinator said. "Plus they come with weather resistant
cases and software that will upload video and images from the field to our
office computers, so that we will be able to use them to help with prosecution
in the courts."

The second grant will allow the LSSWMD to help supply Judge Tim Collins' work
program with necessary equipment, including weedeaters and an 8-by-20 foot
trailer.

"We work really closely with Judge Collins and his crew," Palmer said. "They
help so much with trash pickups, and with maintaining different locations in the
area. We appreciate them and this grant will allow us to get them some things
like the trailer that they were really needing."

Palmer and the LSSWMD applied for the grants in October of last year and will
officially receive the grants on June 30 in Columbus.

___ (c)2014 The Ironton Tribune (Ironton, Ohio) Visit The Ironton Tribune
(Ironton, Ohio) at www.irontontribune.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140513-1IR-Solid-waste-management-gets-2-grants-0513-20140513

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1IR


                    Copyright 2014 The Ironton Tribune, Ohio


                              163 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            July 27, 2016 Wednesday

Yavan Solid Waste Sub-project

LENGTH: 583  words


EBRD Finance Summary: USD 2,000,000.00
A sovereign loan of up to USD 2.0 million to be on-lent to the Client
Total Project Cost: USD 4,000,000.00
The total sub-project cost is USD 5.4 million including technical cooperation.
The sub-project will be co-financed by an investment grant from international
donor(s).


Project Description:
The EBRD is considering providing a loan of up to USD 2 million to finance
critical solid waste investments for the City of Yavan (the "City") and their
neighbouring jamoats (third-level administrative divisions): Dahana, H Huseinov
and G.Yusufova (the "Municipalities").
The EBRD will also seek an investment grant from international donors of USD 2
million to facilitate implementation of the sub-project which will address
urgently needed solid waste infrastructure rehabilitation needs.
The proceeds of the loan and the grant will finance a new sanitary landfill
construction and upgrade of collection and transportation system. The project
will result in an improved level of solid waste services and environmental
improvements in the City and the Municipalities.
Project Objectives:
The overall objectives of this sub-project are to: (a) rehabilitate the solid
waste infrastructure; and (b) improve financial and operational management.
Transition Impact:
Transition Impact of the sub-project would be:
Improved standards of transparency and governance via the introduction of a
Public Service Contract
Development of a tariff methodology and associated tariff amendments and
increased collection rates;
Capacity building of the solid waste company through the preparation of a
business plan, FOPIP, IFRS, MIS, accounts separation between landfill and waste
collection;
Introduction of a formal consultation process with solid waste services users in
form of a community based stakeholder participation programme.
Moreover, the environmental standards of the project will be substantially
higher than local standards/practices. The project may also achieve inclusion
impact by providing solid waste services to households currently not covered and
improving health and living standards via controlled waste collection and
landfill operations.
Environmental and Social Summary:


The project is categorised B in accordance with the Bank's 2008 Environmental
and Social Policy ("ESP"), following an Initial Environmental and Social
Examination ("IESE"). The IESE confirmed that the potential adverse impacts
would be localised and readily addressed through careful design, implementation
of mitigation measures and appropriate management practices. The environmental
and social due diligence ("ESDD") carried out by independent consultants covered
a review of the environmental and social management practices and existing
facilities, operations of the solid waste management company, and an
Environmental and Social Analysis of the Project.

The ESDD showed that the existing waste management practic
Project completion date : 2019-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : HOUSING AND COMMUNAL PRODUCTION AND MAINTENANCE ENTERPRISE
OF THE CITY OF YAVAN

Address : 12 Karom Mirzoev str., jamoat shakhraki Yavan, Yavan District,
Republic of Tajikistan, 735310

Country :Tajikistan
Financier : EUROPEAN BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (EBRD),

Financier address : European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD)


One Exchange Square
London EC2A 2JN
United Kingdom
Tel: +44 20 7338 7168
Email: projectenquiries@ebrd.com
http://www.ebrd.com /

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2016 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              164 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            February 9, 2016 Tuesday

Georgia Solid Waste Management Project

LENGTH: 580  words


Business sector:Municipal and environmental infrastructure
Notice type:Public
Environmental category:B
Target board date:20 Apr 2016
PSD disclosed:08 Feb 2016
Project Description : The EBRD is considering extending a sovereign loan of up
to 10 million to the state of Georgia for the benefit of Georgian
Municipalities, responsible for solid waste collection services.


It is envisaged that the project will be co-financed by a capital grant of up to
5 million provided by an international donor(s).
Project Objectives : The project will finance the acquisition of a new fleet of
solid waste collection vehicles, solid waste containers and related equipment.

In addition, the project will support the Municipalities to prepare Waste
Management Plans and implement Stakeholder Participation Programmes.
Transition Impact : Transition Impact of the project would be:
-Establishment of transparent contractual arrangements for municipal service
provision;
-Commercialisation and improved financial sustainability of solid waste
collection services through
-Public Service Contacts and outsourcing arrangements;  Enabling EU-compliant
solid waste disposal; and
-Implementation of a Stakeholder Participation Programme for enhanced public
awareness.
Client Information : GEORGIA
The Government of Georgia and participating municipalities.
EBRD Finance Summary : EUR 10,000,000.00
10 million sovereign loan to the state of Georgia to be co-financed by a capital
grant of up to 5 million provided by an international donor(s) for the benefit
of Georgian municipalities.
Total Project Cost : EUR 18,600,000.00
The total project cost is 18.6 million including grant co-financing provided by
an international donor(s), a local contribution (for investment and technical
assistance) plus additional technical assistance to support project preparation
and implementation.
Environmental and Social Summary : Categorised B (ESP 2014). Acquisition and
operation of solid waste vehicles, containers and other equipment is expected to
have mostly beneficial effects.
The project will support overall improvement of waste management practices and
enhance people's daily lives by reducing health hazards caused by unsanitary
waste handling. The Environmental and Social Due Diligence (ESDD) has been
conducted by EBRD's staff and focused on a review of the PIU - Georgian Solid
Waste Company's existing Environmental and Social management systems, as well as
an analysis of environmental and social impacts and benefits associated with the
project to ensure the proposed specifications for the equipment will meet EU
requirements. The ESDD also included visits to some municipalities and solid
waste facilities to access the current environmental and social (E&S) practices.
It has been concluded that the project can be structured to meet EBRD's E&S
requirements and an Environmental and Social Action Plan (ESAP) will be
developed to address the identified issues.

Project completion date : 2019-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : SOLID WASTE MANAGEMENT COMPANY OF GEORGIA

Address : Politkovskaia str #10
Tbilisi 0177

Country :Georgia
Email : g.matiashvili@hotmail.com

Url : www.waste.gov .ge

Financier : European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD),

Financier address : European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD)


One Exchange Square
London EC2A 2JN
United Kingdom


Website : http://www.ebrd.com /
Tel: +44 20 7338 6794
Email: procurement@ebrd.com

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2016 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              165 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                          September 28, 2013 Saturday

Comptroller and Auditor General of India pulls up MCG for not utilizing waste
management funds

BYLINE: Joel Joseph

SECTION: GURGAON

LENGTH: 351 words


GURGAON: The Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) has slammed the
Municipal Corporation of Gurgaon (MCG) for not utilizing the Rs 3.32-crore grant
provided by the Haryana government and the 12th finance commission for 2003-2010
for solid waste management. The CAG has also blamed the municipal corporation
for deteriorating the sanitation condition in the city and the Bandhwari plant.

According to the report, the MCG was to spend this amount to improve sanitation
in the city and was supposed to return the unspent amount. However, it is
mentioned that the civic body neither spent the amount nor returned the unspent
amount.

"An amount of Rs 3.32 crore grant was provided to the MCG for solid waste
management by the state government and the 12th finance commission during
2003-2010. As per conditions for the grant, the amount was to be utilized within
one year from the date of withdrawal. The unspent amount was to be deposited by
the MCG in the government treasury. The amount was neither spent nor deposited
in the government treasury," the report says.

"The solid waste treatment plant at Bandhwari was constructed by the Municipal
Corporation of Faridabad and 168 containers were provided by the MCG for garbage
collection. During physical verification, it was observed by the auditor that
garbage was lying scattered and overflowing around garbage containers which were
placed by MCG in the town indicating that garbage was not collected regularly
thereby exposing the public and stray animals to health hazards," the report
adds.

The report also carries pictures of garbage lying around across the city. The
report states that in their defence, the MCG authorities in January 2013 had
claimed that the amount had been spent on solid waste management in respective
years of grant received and scattered garbage shown in photographs was due to
volume of garbage dumped by people after its collection by the MCG. The report
has also recommended that the MCG should finalize a waste management plan on a
priority basis for ensuring a pollution-free environment.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              166 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                             Ottumwa Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 31, 2009 Friday

Commission working on landfill tiers, new cell

BYLINE: Cindy Toopes, Ottumwa Courier, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 565 words


Jul. 31--OTTUMWA -- Tiers can bring tears to your eyes. Just ask the
Ottumwa/Wapello County Solid Waste Commission.

In the landfill world, a cell contains layers, or tiers, of compacted waste. The
Iowa Department of Natural Resources regulates how much methane a tier can
contain.

Solid Waste Director Jody Gates told commission members Wednesday that the
revised design capacity report and the mass emissions rate of non-organic
methane compounds in Tier One were done.

"After reaching a certain amount of waste in place at the landfill, we have to
perform gas collection," Gates said.

The DNR has to approve the collection system and emissions levels and wanted
changes made in Tier One.

"We're now doing the Tier Two analysis, which included a concentration
assessment of the non-methane organic compounds," she said. "We knew when they
did Tier One that it would most likely fail the first assessment and we would
have to revise the capacity report. But we won't fail the Tier Two test."

Work on the tiers will begin following completion of the current landfill cell
construction and closure project, according to Gates.

The landfill is supposed to have most of the west cell closed out by the end of
September. Then the large west cell can be covered with dirt and grass seed.

"Simultaneously, we're developing the new cell on the north end and that should
be ready by the end of August," Gates said. "The new north cell should last --
at present waste rates -- more than four years."

Crews have dug out a lot of the north cell and put in leachate piping. In the
next few days, workers can put down the plastic liner along the bottom of the
cell.

"From the area they're digging out we can use part of that soil for cover
material for the west cell," Gates. "There's a lot of construction going on out
at the landfill."

USDA grant

Earlier this year, the commissioners approved accepting a $98,000 grant
agreement with the U.S. Department of Agriculture. In-kind funding would be
$11,775 and the dates for the 12-month grant will be determined once the grant
is obligated, Gates said.

The purpose of the grant is to:

--Arrange educational workshops and presentations on proper integrated solid
waste management.

--Publish and distribute recycling newsletter publications about the
commission's solid-waste programs.

--Investigate cost-effective demonstration projects to assist both multi-family
units and businesses with waste reduction and recycling programs.

--To implement landfill operator training by using a hands-on approach to
improve waste management techniques, equipment efficiency and performance and
environmental protection.

"Because this is a USDA grant, it can't be spent directly on programs in
Ottumwa," Gates said.

But, solid-waste staffers have advised her that "any program development or
solid-waste improvements in the county or smaller communities" can be replicated
for use in Ottumwa.

Cindy Toopes can be reached at (641) 683-5376 or via e-mail at
cindy@ottumwacourier.com

To see more of Ottumwa Courier or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.ottumwacourier.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Ottumwa Courier, Iowa
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090731-OT-Commission-working-on-landfill-tiers-new-cell-0731

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OT


                                 Copyright 2009


                              167 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            Daily Mirror (Sri Lanka)

                             March 5, 2016 Saturday

CMC inks agreement with Japanese Embassy

LENGTH: 318 words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, March 5 -- The Colombo Municipality yesterday inked an agreement with
the Japanese Embassy to upgrade the fleet of waste collection trucks in Colombo,
in order to develop the waste management in the city.

According to the agreement, the Municipality would receive 12 solid waste
collecting trucks under the Japan's Grant Assistance for Grassroots Human
Security Projects (GGP).

Issuing a statement, Colombo Mayor A.J.M. Muzammil said the city received 55
large compactors trucks, 20 small compactor trucks and other equipment from
Japan in 1997, and the grant undoubtedly supported the progress of waste
management.

"As a result of this, we were competent to commence the house-to-house
collection by following route planning. We observed the progression of the city
very rapidly. Hence, Colombo was listed the best City in South Asia and the 21st
in Asia in 1999," he said.

The Mayor pointed out that the fleet was aging at present and required
replacement.

"Although the Municipality replaced several trucks with limited resources, it
was inadequate. Therefore, we requested the Embassy of Japan to assist another
grant to replace some more vehicles," he said.

Commenting on Solid Waste Management, the Mayor said it was one of the main
responsibilities of CMC.

According to the Municipality, a quantity of 700 tons of solid waste is
collected per day in the city of Colombo. This consists of residential,
commercial and a smaller quantity of industrial waste.

Before 1997, the Municipality had only 31 compactor trucks and limited tractors
for solid waste collection.

The Embassy of Japan has agreed for the "Project for upgrading waste collection
trucks in Colombo" to improve Solid Waste Management.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Mirror Sri Lanka. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Wijeya Newspaper Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              168 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            April 7, 1994, Thursday

State grant to help Alpharetta tackle dumped-tire blight

BYLINE: By Carlos Campos STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EXTRA; Section H; Page 3

LENGTH: 221 words


With the help of a $ 15,158 grant from the state, Alpharetta hopes to do a
little spring cleaning.

The target is illegally dumped tires, a growing problem plaguing not only
Alpharetta, but the entire state.

City officials recently received confirmation of the grant, awarded by the
Georgia Department of Natural Resources. The money was distributed by the state
as a result of the Georgia Comprehensive Solid Waste Management Act, enacted in
1992 to address the scrap-tire problem.

Officials estimate that more than 8 million tires have been illegally dumped
throughout the state.

Alpharetta was one of only 11 cities and counties in the state chosen to receive
the grants this year. Some of the grant money comes from a $ 1-per-tire fee
customers must pay when buying new tires.

"The reason we're pleased is that not only does this give us an opportunity to
educate our community about the importance of scrap-tire management," said Dee
West, the city's director of environmental services. "It brings some of the
dollars back to Alpharetta that its residents put out."

The city is contributing $ 9,892 of its own money, for a total program cost of $
25,050.

The grant will be used to clean up dumped tires, implement a "litter tippers"
program, and educate the public about the scrap tire problem, West said.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH941010015

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              169 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               September 19, 2002 Thursday Five Star Lift Edition

NEWS BRIEFS

SECTION: ST. CLAIR-MONROE POST ; St. Charles County Briefs Column; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 559 words


O'FALLON

Waste Management will start trash pickup Oct. 1

Waste Management Inc., which the City Council last month designated as the
city's sole trash hauler, will begin the pickup of garbage, recyclables and
bagged yard waste on Oct. 1.

The Houston-based company will mail information to every residential p roperty
in the city, officials said.

Previously, residents could choose between Waste Management and Midwest Waste.
Midwest Waste charged $16.75 a month for the curbside collection of garbage and
recyclables, with an additional $8 charge for yard waste. Waste Management
charged $17.25 a month for the basic service, and an additional $9 for yard
waste.

Under the new arrangement, Waste Management will charge a flat rate of $13.50
per month.

METRO EAST

Four area districts get federal grants

Four Metro East school districts recently got grants from the federal Small
Rural Schools Achievement program of the U.S. Department of Education.

The grant money can be used for several purposes, including hiring new teachers,
technology improvements, innovative teaching programs and safe and drug-free
school programs.

The districts and the grants they received are: Smithton, $28,725; Marissa,
$19,945; St. Libory, $18,968; and Valmeyer, $17,536.

O'FALLON

Marching band tourney is planned for Saturday

The Metro East Marching Band Classic, now in its 21st year, will come to
O'Fallon Township High School's stadium on Saturday from 3 to 7:30 p.m.

This year, 15 bands will compete. Admission is $5 for adults and $2 for children
under $10. The gates open at 2 p.m.

For more information, contact Matt Lang at 632-3507, ext. 272.

FAIRVIEW HEIGHTS

Learn more about city Saturday at park

The Eighth Annual Discover Fairview Heights Day takes place at Longacre Park on
Saturday from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m.

More than 100 businesses, including restaurants, are participating. The event is
a way for area businesses to introduce their services.

Refreshments will be available and prizes will be awarded.

SCOTT AIR FORCE BASE

Protection effort will start here next month

Col. Darren McDew of Scott Air Force Base plans to start meeting with Metro East
area mayors next month to discuss "Eagle Eyes," a cooperative community effort
aimed at protecting against terrorists.

McDew is commander of the 375th Airlift Wing at Scott. Eagle Eyes is a
nationwide program started last spring by senior Air Force officers in
Washington.

The idea is to teach residents how to detect potential threats and report them
to the proper law enforcement or military authority, she said.

COLLINSVILLE

Annual Italian Fest is planned this weekend

Bocce ball, grape-stomping and the Paisan Pedal Push return to Collinsville this
weekend at the 19th annual Italian Fest.

Opening ceremonies for the festival will be at 10:30 a.m. Friday on Main Street
in downtown Collinsville, followed by the grape stomp. The festival, which
features a variety of musical performances, will continue until 10 p.m.

Saturday's activities include a 5K run/walk, a bocce ball tournament at Glidden
Park and the midnight bike ride known as the Paisan Pedal Push.

Shuttle buses from North Junior High to the festival will run from 3 to 10 p.m.
Friday and from 11 a.m. to 10 p.m. Saturday.

For details, call 344-2884.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2002 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              170 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                             August 4, 2008, Monday

Business briefs

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P2D

LENGTH: 346 words


Manchin awards

-olid waste grants

Gov. Joe Manchin has awarded 24 local Solid Waste Management grants totaling
$340,000 to authorities across the state.

The grants include $10,500 to the Kanawha County Solid Waste Authority to assist
with displays and wages; $10,000 to the Putnam County Solid Waste Authority to
assist with cleanup related expenses, public education and an "e-cycling" event;
$18,000 to the Boone County Solid Waste Authority to assist with the purchase of
containers and advertising.

Also: $20,000 to the Lincoln County Solid Waste Authority to assist with cleanup
costs and wages; $10,00 to the Cabell County Solid Waste Authority for a
commercial-grade bagging system; $16,000 to the Calhoun County Solid Waste
Authority for utilities, repairs to a recycling center, bailing wire, shipping
costs, wages and a ladder; and $18,858 to the Mason County Solid Waste Authority
for equipment maintenance, advertising, promotional expenses, travel, wages and
office supplies.

Small business

workshop planned

The West Virginia Small Business Development Center will offer a small business
startup workshop Aug. 13 at Institute.

The workshop will be from 1 p.m. to 4 p.m. in Room 112 of the Cole Complex on
the campus of West Virginia State Community and Technical College.

Kevin Twohig, manager of the Small Business Development Center, and Business
Analyst Lisa Gasper will conduct the workshop, which will cover the steps
required to turn a business idea into reality.

The fee is $29. Class size is limited to 15 and pre-registration is required at
least seven days in advance. To register, visit www.sbdcwv.org and click on the
training and workshop calendar, or call Dreama Wolfingbarger at (304) 558-2960.
The Small Business Development Center is a division of the West Virginia
Development Office.

Flooring plant to

cut about 80 jobs

BEVERLY - Armstrong World Industries plans to lay off up to 12 percent of the
work force at its Randolph County flooring plant.

The layoffs include both salaried and hourly employees.

Armstrong employs nearly 800 people at the Beverly plant.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Charleston Newspapers


                              171 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                     St. Clair News-Aegis, Pell City, Ala.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          February 25, 2009 Wednesday

Plasma Waste System Controversy Continues

BYLINE: Joel Paris, St. Clair News-Aegis, Pell City, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 635 words


Feb. 25--A month ago, the St. Clair County Commission reached a Solid Waste
Disposal Agreement with Southeastern Ecological & Energy Services, Inc. (SEES).
SEES would support the potential construction and undertaking of a plasma
gasification facility located somewhere in St. Clair County.

Jim Noles of Balch & Bingham LLP in Birmingham is an environmental lawyer. His
initial review of the agreement between the commission and SEES raises three
specific concerns associated with the legality of the agreement and "its
practical and political feasibility."

1. "The Agreement assumes that St. Clair County will enact flow controls that
would violate the United States Constitution's dormant commerce clause."

Parts of the agreement deal with the county's desire to direct waste generated
in the county to the facility. The agreement says, "The facility shall be the
exclusive disposal site for all [municipal solid waste] generated within the
county." Noles writes that the intent is to ensure SEES that the facility
receives enough municipal solid waste (at $37 a ton) to support the operation of
the $120 million facility. "Evidence suggests that such a tipping fee would be
considerably higher that the fees charged by other landfills operated within St.
Clair County," Noles says. "In legal and solid waste management circles,
directing waste to a particular facility is known as flow control. However, as
the United States Supreme Court made clear in C & A Carbone, Inc. v. Clarkston,
it is unconstitutional for a local government to direct collectors to dispose of
waste at a particular private facility--which is precisely what the agreement
envisions."

2. "In entering into the Agreement, St. Clair County illegally granted an
exclusive franchise to SEES without first undertaking competitive bidding."

The agreement basically grants SEES an exclusive franchise for the disposal of
municipal solid waste in the county. Noles writes that Alabama's courts have
held that "governmental grants of exclusive franchises...must substantially
comply with the requirements of the Competitive Bid Law, or they are in
violation of the Alabama Constitution," see Beavers v. County of Walker, citing
Kennedy v. City of Pritchard. If not, the grant is void. The county reportedly
did not make the exclusive franchise granted to SEES open to public competitive
bidding. Because of this, Noles says any reviewing court would likely render the
agreement void.

3. "The operation of the facility will require numerous county and state
regulatory approvals and public hearings."

In order to get the facility running and operational, several regulatory and
political requirements must be fulfilled. Most will require public hearings. The
acquisition of an air permit from the Alabama Department of Environmental
Management (ADEM), the acquisition of a solid waste management permit, local
host governmental approval from the county, and an amendment to the county's
solid waste management plan will are several of the steps necessary to launch
the plasma waste gasification facility. "It would be naÃ¯ve to assume that these
permits and approvals will not be difficult to obtain, particularly in light of
the public opposition that solid waste incinerator projects typically inspire.

--Providing all conditions are met, the facility will be constructed and fully
operational by December 30, 2012.

To see more of the St. Clair News Aegis, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.stclairnewsaegis.net. Copyright (c) 2009, St. Clair News-Aegis, Pell
City, Ala. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090225-ZE-Plasma-Waste-System-Controversy-Continues-0225

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZE


                                 Copyright 2009


                              172 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  March 12, 1992, THURSDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

SOLID-WASTE PLANNING IS PLACED ON HOLD FOLLOWING COURT ORDER

BYLINE: Lisha Gayle Of the St. Charles Post

SECTION: ST. CHARLES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 485 words


Local officials have put solid-waste planning on hold because a judge's order
threw out the cornerstone of Missouri's waste law - solid-waste management
districts.  The order was issued last week by Judge Byron Kinder in Cole County
Circuit Court in Jefferson City. The order could topple a structure that state
officials took more than a year to set up.  Kinder's order voided the East
Central Solid Waste Management District, which comprises St. Charles, Lincoln,
Warren, Franklin and Montgomery counties.  Just this week, the district got a
$25,000 planning grant from the Missouri Department of Natural Resources, said
Greg Costello, mayor of Warrenton and treasurer of the district.  In November,
the district got a $20,000 grant from the state. The money is intended to help
organize the district and draw up a plan for managing solid waste.  As a result
of Kinder's order, officials from the Department of Natural Resources have
called upon districts to refrain from spending their grant money.  ''We're going
to just put everything on hold until we get some further direction'' from the
department, said David Oney Jr., chairman of the executive board of the East
Central District.  Besides the state grants, the district's treasury included
contributions from local governments that totaled $2,500, Costello said. So far,
the East Central District has spent just under $1,000 on organizing, he said.
Judge Kinder's order came in response to a suit filed by seven cities and four
counties whose leaders objected to parts of the solid-waste law. Parties to the
suit included the counties of Cole, Buchanan, Miller and Camden and the cities
of Jefferson City, Mexico, Kirksville, Eldon, St.  Joseph, Lebanon and
Camdenton.  The suit was filed against the Missouri Department of Natural
Resources, which administers the law. The department divided the state into 19
districts with a goal of reducing the amount of waste going to landfills by 40
percent by 1998.  Kinder's order concluded that the Missouri Department of
Natural Resources failed to comply with the state's rule-making procedure, which
calls for public hearings and public comment.  In response to Kinder's order,
the state could file an appeal, ask legislators to amend the solid-waste law or
go through an emergency rule-making procedure, said Andrew Byers, attorney for
the department.  Kinder's order leaves the Department of Natural Resources with
several unresolved questions. Among them: What will happen to about $650,000
that the department gave out in grants to the now non-existent solid waste
management districts throughout the state?  Would new boundaries be enough to
satisfy the cities and counties that filed suit?  Will those cities and counties
go forward with another count of the suit - not handled by Kinder's order - that
could force the state to pay for the operations of waste-management districts?

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1992 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              173 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            January 9, 2014 Thursday

Weatherford makes great strides for recycling

BYLINE: Sarah Terry-Cobo

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 614  words


When the city of Weatherford passed a bond to upgrade its infrastructure, Stuart
Burchett saw an opportunity to add a modern convenience for residents. A member
of the volunteer Weatherford Environmental Group, Burchett worked to add
recycling facilities.

The group started small, with a recycling drop-off program for paper, plastics,
aluminum and phone books. Specifically, Burchett saw the need for cardboard
recycling, so he started a pilot project with downtown businesses. The group
went door to door asking businesses to participate.

The group wanted to determine the amount of cardboard some businesses generated.
Burchett said in November and December 2012, the city collected 26.36 tons of
cardboard, demonstrating the need for recycling.

Subsequently, in November 2013, the city formally expanded its program to
include cardboard from businesses. It purchased a commercial cardboard baler, in
part thanks to a $20,000 reimbursement grant from the state Department of
Environmental Quality. From January to November 2013, the city collected nearly
203 tons of cardboard. The commercial baler was installed in mid-November.

The city picks up the cardboard. Using the commercial baler, it can sell the
material into the commodities market. Though some businesses didn't generate
much cardboard, it was helpful for those that did, he said. Businesses were able
to save money by reducing trash removal costs. No specific figures were
available.

The grant wasn't much, but it helped with the $112,839 capital cost of the
equipment, said City Clerk Tony Davenport. He said the city reinvested the
$20,000 reimbursement grant back into the recycling program. Fenton Rood, DEQ
environmental programs director for the land protection division, said he hopes
the agency can soon update rules for the grant program to make it easier for
cities to invest in recycling.

"We put this program in our budget every year, cities like Weatherford use it
every year," Rood said. "We are just trying to make the process simpler. "

Rood said the Solid Waste Management Advisory Council has proposed removing
outdated portions of a statute that require cities to coordinate with county
commissioners to verify that the project is consistent with the county's solid
waste plan. However, most county commissioners aren't even aware that there is a
solid waste plan, Rood said.

In addition, he is proposing to eliminate a portion of the statute that requires
cities to demonstrate that a recycling and solid waste program doesn't have
subsidized customers. That is also outdated, Rood said. Because solid waste
disposal is so expensive, most cities ensure that all customer classes are
charged adequate rates, he said.

Norman and Oklahoma City both received DEQ grants to purchase recycling
containers for their curbside customers, and Pond Creek, Sapulpa and Stillwater
have also taken advantage of the grant program in fiscal year 2013, Rood said.

Once the Solid Waste Management Advisory Council votes on the proposed changes
Jan. 17, it will recommend them to the Environmental Quality Board. The governor
and Legislature must approve any changes before they take effect.

Burchett said he hopes Weatherford can expand the cardboard recycling pickup
program to all businesses across the city. The eventual goal is to begin a
curbside recycling program, but he said it is important to start small.

"I think the attitude among residents is changing," Burchett said. "It's a slow
process, but hopefully we can move forward at a pace that would be sustainable
in the future. "

http://www.journalrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2014 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              174 of 995 DOCUMENTS

          Copyright (c) 2011 President and Fellows of Harvard College
                          Harvard Law & Policy Review

                                  Winter, 2011

                          Harvard Law & Policy Review

                          5 Harv. L. & Pol'y Rev. 189

LENGTH: 7828 words

SHORT ESSAYS: Trust and Trash: Why EPA Needs a Flexible Approach to Illegal
Dumping on Tribal Land

NAME: Elizabeth B. Forsyth*

BIO:


* J.D., Harvard Law School, expected 2011. The author wishes to thank Joseph
Singer for his guidance and the EPA Region 9 Tribal Solid Waste Team for their
advice, data, and suggestions.

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... EPA's REASONING--WHY EPA MIGHT FOCUS ONLY ON DUMP CLEANUP If it is largely
unrealistic, given the hurdles that tribes face in preventing and enforcing
against illegal dumping, to assume all tribes can develop sustainable solid
waste management programs, and if paying for ongoing trash collection can cost
about the same as cleaning up dumps, why doesn't EPA fund ongoing collection
programs?  ... The point of comparing the costs of funding waste collection to
the costs of funding illegal dump cleanup is not to suggest that EPA should
conduct such cost comparisons to determine whether the agency should fund
collection or cleanup for a given tribe.  ... To address illegal dumping on
tribal lands, EPA provides funding through the GAP program, as well as through
the "Tribal Solid Waste Management Assistance Project," for solid waste
management planning and the cleanup of illegal dump sites.



HIGHLIGHT: -- Cleve Neiss, Rosebud Sioux Tribe  n1
We have 90 to 95 percent unemployment on the reservation. We have people on
fixed incomes, and . . . [at] the furthest point from the landfill, it would
cost them $ 90 a month to haul their trash. If a man is receiving $ 300 a month,
and he is required to pay . . . to haul his trash, what decision is he going to
make? Is he going to buy his family bread, or haul trash? That's the decision we
have to make.

TEXT:
 [*189]

   INTRODUCTION

   Imagine a Native American nation situated on less than 1,000 acres in a rural
area. Seventy percent of the hundred tribal members living on the land are
unemployed; their primary income sources are government assistance and small
amounts of revenue from tribally-owned businesses. The waste hauler for the
nearby county refuses to service tribal land. With self-haul distances of eighty
miles to the nearest transfer station, and many members without easy access to a
car, the tribal members have little option but to dump their trash in the woods.

   Recognizing the threat to health and the environment that the accumulating
trash piles are causing, the tribal government approaches the United States
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) for funds to clean up the trash and to
start a tribally-run trash collection program. EPA grants the tribe $ 100,000 to
clean up the five dump sites and $ 100,000 for a "pilot" collection and
recycling program.

   A year later the dump sites are cleaned up and the collection program is used
by all members of the tribe. But as the grant period draws to a close, a problem
arises: although the collection program brings in modest amounts of revenue from
the tribal members themselves, the program is not self-sustaining. Rising fuel
costs, long haul distances, and lack of economies of scale mean that without
raising collection rates beyond what members would be able to pay, the program
is doomed. The EPA grant project officer apologizes  [*190]  to the tribe.
Although EPA can continue to give the tribe grants for dump cleanup, beyond
pilot projects EPA cannot fund ongoing waste collection for tribes. The tribe is
on its own.

   This article will argue that EPA's current approach, paying for the cleanup
of illegal dumps and for solid waste planning on tribal land but refusing to pay
for long-term solid waste collection,  n2 is misguided.  n3 This article will
show that, at least for some tribes, the result of paying for dump cleanup
rather than trash collection is less desirable from both an environmental and an
economic perspective. Part I of this article will examine the unique legal
position of small tribes and why funding ongoing collection may be the most
environmentally sustainable solution. Part II will evaluate the costs to EPA of
cleaning up dump sites on tribal land against the costs of strategically funding
ongoing solid waste collection for small tribes. Part III will evaluate the
potential reasons behind EPA's reluctance to pay for ongoing collection.
Finally, Part IV will offer an alternative funding model.

   I. BACKGROUND

   There are 336 federally-recognized tribes in the continental United States,
speckled across the country on approximately 326 tribal land areas administered
as federal Indian reservations. Approximately 87,000 square miles of land are
held in trust by the United States government for tribes, and approximately
15,600 square miles of individually-owned "allotted" lands are held in trust for
allottees and their heirs.  n4 If all these tribal lands were combined, the size
would be slightly larger than the state of Oregon.  n5

   Although there are a handful of large reservations, about two-thirds are less
than fifty square miles each.  n6 Many reservations are less than two square
miles each.  n7 Every tribe, whatever the size, has the same sovereign status
and right to self-government. The relationship between each tribe and the United
States is roughly one between sovereigns--a "government-to-government"
relationship. In addition, the "federal Indian trust responsibility"  [*191]
binds the United States to protect tribal treaty rights, lands, and resources.
The relationship between tribes and states, on the other hand, is of independent
sovereigns. Tribes have the authority to regulate activities on their land
independent from state government control, and states generally do not have the
authority to enforce state law on tribal land.  n8

   The history of the federal government's relationship to Native American
tribes is long, convoluted, and troubled, oscillating between periods of
relative enlightenment and periods when tribal members were forced into
assimilation and tribal lands were broken up and sold.  n9 In Johnson v.
M'Intosh and the cases that followed, the Court set out a basic dichotomy of
federal Indian policy: tribes are to have sovereign power within their borders,
but the United States "has charged itself with moral obligations of the highest
responsibility and trust" to the tribes.  n10

   The shadows of the past remain today. Tribal lands are highly fragmented,
n11 tribal languages and customs have been lost,  n12 and the number of tribal
members and the amount of tribal land is a small fraction of what it once was.
n13 The parcels of tribal land remaining are often those that white settlers
ignored; they tend to be arid or semi-arid areas far from important urban
economic centers, with little potential for agriculture, pastureland, or
economic development.  n14 Even in light of progress made in the
self-determination era, and even though some tribes have had success in tribal
gaming,  n15 today Native Americans are among the poorest people in America,
with 39.4% below the poverty line in 2000 and an average of 21.9% unemployment
on reservation lands.  n16 As a consequence of poverty on tribal lands, in 2000
almost twelve percent of houses on reservations lacked indoor plumbing--more
than twice the national average--and there are fewer Internet connections,
telephones, and roads on tribal lands than elsewhere.  n17

    [*192]  A. EPA's Role

   EPA is the federal agency responsible, in concert with the tribes, for
ensuring that federal environmental laws are carried out on tribal lands and
that the tribal environment is not degraded. Although federal statutes are in
effect on tribal lands and EPA maintains "final authority for decisions
affecting human health and the environment in any particular instance,"  n18
like states, tribes have day-to-day oversight and control and can set standards
more stringent than the federal standards.

   EPA is guided by its 1984 Indian Policy, an "unparalleled endorsement of
tribal self-determination" and "one of the strongest policy statements endorsing
tribal self-determination ever made by a federal agency."  n19 Reaffirmed by
Administrator Jackson in 2009 and consistent with President Obama's Executive
Order on government-to-government relations with tribes,  n20 the Policy
continues to hold EPA to a "government-to-government" relationship when working
to "protect the land, air, and water in Indian country."  n21

   To achieve these goals, EPA's strategy has been to provide funding through
the Indian Environmental General Assistance Program (GAP).  n22 The GAP program
provides funding in the form of "GAP grants" to pay for an environmental
protection program for each tribe. To address illegal dumping on tribal lands,
EPA provides funding through the GAP program, as well as through the "Tribal
Solid Waste Management Assistance Project,"  n23 for solid waste management
planning and the cleanup of illegal dump sites. EPA explicitly will not,
however, fund "long-term, on-going operation and maintenance of solid waste
collection and recycling facilities."  n24

   Across all environmental media, GAP grants are not allowed to be used for
ongoing programs. For example, although GAP will pay for basic air pollution
training and for a study to determine the need for a longer-term air  [*193]
monitoring program, GAP funding may not be used to fund air monitoring
activities on a long term basis, as that would "be considered 'program
implementation,' which is not the focus of GAP funding."  n25 However, at least
for air and water issues, once ongoing monitoring or program implementation is
deemed necessary, a tribe can apply for other EPA grants to implement the
ongoing program. For example, Clean Air Act Section 103 funding is available for
long-term air projects,  n26 and Clean Water Act Section 319 funding is
available for implementing nonpoint source pollution control programs.  n27 In
contrast, similar funding for ongoing waste management is not available through
EPA's supplemental tribal waste management grant program, the Tribal Solid Waste
Management Assistance Project, the goals of which are almost identical to GAP's:
to provide funding to tribes in order to develop solid waste management plans,
assess and close illegal dump sites, and develop codes and ordinances against
illegal dumping.

B. The Nature of the Problem

   1. The Nature of the Environmental Problem on Tribal Land

   As of 1998, there were 1,104 open dumps on Indian lands; however, there is
reason to believe that the number today is much higher.  n28 These sites range
from small piles of a few trash bags on the side of a road  n29 to a dump on the
Torres Martinez tribe's land (one of 26 on the tribe's land) which, until it was
cleaned up in 2007 at a cost of $ 1.75 million, contained 400,000 cubic yards of
waste and was 30 feet high.  n30 Open dumping has been identified as being
"among the most serious threats to public health and the environment" on tribal
land.  n31

   The Los Angeles Times' description of the "AuClair dump site," on the Torrez
Martinez tribe's land, describes the worst of illegal dumping on tribal land.



     [The] site had it all. Fires routinely sent poisons into the air; more
     than 34,000 square feet of arsenic and chromium ash littered the
     place. Transients also lived there; drug abuse was rife, and there was
     at least one killing, say police and the EPA. AuClair's biggest
     [*194]  mistake was burning thousands of toxic wooden grape stakes.
     "How could we have known grape stakes were treated with arsenic and
     chromium?" he asked. "There was no sign saying, 'This is hazardous to
     your health.'" . . . Still, the site is small compared with other
     illegal dumps on the reservation.  n32


It is not only extreme sites that pose risks. The dumps often contain hazardous
materials, such as lead acid batteries and discarded household chemicals, which
can leach into the soil and ground water. Dumps set on fire can release dioxins
and other toxic chemicals and can aggravate respiratory problems like asthma.
n33 Rodents and insects attracted to the sites pose additional health risks. The
dump sites may attract children, who are vulnerable to physical hazards present
in piles of trash such as needles, protruding nails, and sharp edges.  n34
Finally, because illegal dumping can become a magnet for more illegal dumping
and other criminal activities, dumping may deter economic development on tribal
land, reinforcing the original problem.  n35

   2. The Difficulty in Preventing Dumping on Tribal Land

   Part of the difficulty of dealing with illegal dumping on tribal land is
that, in absence of ordinances prohibiting it, dumping is not exactly "illegal."
Although the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA) is self-implementing
on tribal land, and illegal dumping is technically banned by RCRA under section
4005(a), to be enforced except by citizen suit  n36 or by EPA under a finding of
"imminent and substantial endangerment,"  n37 the tribal regulatory authority
must enact a code or ordinance prohibiting illegal dumping and set up a system
to enforce the code.  n38 For small tribes without codes, or without ability to
enforce those codes because of lack of tribal police or court systems, the
result is that dumping is hard to prevent and even harder to punish.

   In general, as with states, if a tribe is not able to implement delegable
programs, EPA is the responsible implementor. But in practice, EPA is not in a
position to enter 326 tribal areas to run solid waste programs.  n39 County
programs often have the infrastructure to manage and enforce illegal dumping on
the local level. But without a tribe's approval, counties cannot enforce  [*195]
their ordinances on tribal land, and they are not responsible for solid waste
management on tribal land.  n40 This quandary presents a difficult regulatory
gap.

   Developing an illegal dumping regulatory scheme is no small task, and small
tribes especially may not have the economies of scale to make it worthwhile. The
tribe would first need to write a code prohibiting dumping, which would likely
require legal assistance. Then the tribe would need to establish a system of
enforcement. This would require at least one employee to physically dig through
piles of waste looking for hints of who dumped it, or for someone to monitor
areas with frequent dumping. Finally, the tribe would need a system of
adjudication. This could be as informal as designating the tribal council as
arbitrators, or as complicated as establishing a tribal court system or working
with a group of tribes to establish an intertribal court.  n41 For small tribes,
where illegal dumping may be the least of the tribe's regulatory worries,
setting up a regulatory system to address illegal dumping may not be feasible.
n42

   Finally, and most importantly, preventing illegal dumping can be difficult
without addressing the underlying reasons for the dumping. The reasons for
illegal dumping can be as varied as the sources. Although some illegal dumping
may come from construction and demolition contractors or other businesses,
illegal dumping most often occurs in low-income and rural areas where trash
collection is unavailable or unaffordable, which is where most tribes are.
Poorer members of tribes are often unable to afford proper trash disposal,
especially where self-haul distances are long.  n43

   II. WHY PAYING FOR TRASH COLLECTION IS ENVIRONMENTALLY SUSTAINABLE AND IN
EPA'S INTEREST

A. Paying for Collection is in Accord with EPA's Indian Policy and trust
responsibility.

   The reality of illegal dumping on tribal land militates for a different
strategy than simply cleaning up dumps and expecting all tribes to create
sustainable enforcement programs. The fact that many tribal members are living
below poverty levels and residing in rural areas where trash collection  [*196]
may be unavailable or unaffordable means that illegal dumping likely comes from
members themselves. And the substantial legal and economic barriers to
developing enforcement programs, especially for small tribes, means that illegal
dumping is difficult, if not impossible, to prevent and enforce against. If
dumping comes from tribal members and enforcement is an unlikely option, then
the most effective solution is for EPA to pay for collection.

   Providing more flexibility in EPA funding for tribes to allow EPA to fund
ongoing collection is in the agency's interest for two reasons: 1) it is in
accord with EPA's Indian Policy and the Indian Self-Determination Act and 2) it
increases the ability of the federal government to fulfill its trust
responsibility.

   First, increasing flexibility in EPA grant programs for tribes to elect the
optimal solution for the tribe promotes the goals of EPA's Indian Policy and the
Indian Self-Determination Act; EPA's goal to recognize tribal governments as the
primary parties for managing tribal environments is undermined by grant policies
that force tribes to choose one environmental solution (closing open dumps) over
another environmental solution (providing trash collection). And EPA's goal to
assure tribal compliance with environmental statutes would surely be promoted by
increased ability to prevent illegal dumping. Likewise, implementation of the
Indian Self-Determination Act's self-determination policy must be questioned
"[w]hen problems, the methods for their solution, and the standards to evaluate
success are defined from the outside"  n44 and not by tribes themselves.

   Second, giving the federal government flexibility to most effectively address
an environmental problem on tribal land helps fulfill the government's tribal
trust responsibility. In general, the tribal trust responsibility requires the
government to protect tribal lands and resources. Although the Supreme Court has
rarely held that this duty creates a legal obligation to tribes,  n45 the
philosophy as animated in Presidential Executive Orders  n46 and EPA's Indian
Policy governs federal government and EPA decision-making. Indeed, implicit in
the provision of funding for dump cleanup is that Congress views addressing the
problem of degradation of the tribal environment as within the realm of its
trust responsibility.

   Mary Wood has argued that with regards to environmental protection on tribal
land, the trust duty should encompass three distinct obligations: 1) to "achieve
a degree of protection that is appropriate to protect the tribe's  [*197]  way
of life on the reservation, even if this level of protection exceeds what is
otherwise mandated by statutory law;" 2) "to prevent environmental threats from
developing into actual harm;" and 3) "to restore reservation environments that
have been adversely affected by pollution due to the government's neglect."  n47
Wood's analysis that an environmental protection duty should extend to
preventing environmental threats from developing into actual harm supports the
idea that EPA should provide funding for dump prevention, not just cleanup. By
preventing dumping from occurring in the first place, EPA would more effectively
fulfill a duty to prevent degradation of tribal lands than by waiting until the
land is degraded to act.

B. Paying for Collection May Not be More Expensive Than Paying for Cleanup.

   Not only may funding trash collection lead to sustainable prevention of
illegal dumping, but it may also be less expensive, even on a continuing basis,
than EPA's current approach of paying to clean up illegal dumps after they
occur. Take the example of a sixty-person tribe in a rural area, either
currently with no trash collection service, or where the majority of members are
unable to pay for it. If each member produces the national average amount of
solid waste a day, 4.6 pounds,  n48 then in the course of a year the tribe
collectively produces 99,360 pounds of trash, or about fifty tons. Although the
cost for weekly trash collection varies greatly around the country, rates
between twelve and twenty dollars a month, per household, are about average.
n49 This means that funding trash collection for our hypothetical tribe would
cost between $ 8,640 and $ 14,400 a year.

   Funding annual dump cleanup for a fifty-ton dump is likely to cost a
comparable amount, if not more. For example, using EPA's Illegal Dumping
Economic Assessment (IDEA) Cost Estimating Model, the estimated cost of cleaning
up a fifty-ton dump, re-grading and re-seeding the dump area, and installing
sixty feet of fencing to prevent further dumping in the area, is $ 12,300.  n50

    [*198]  This number is likely conservative. It assumes there are no bulky or
difficult-to-remove wastes, like refrigerators or tires, and that the dump is
relatively easy to clean up--the dump is not buried in the woods, at the bottom
of a cliff, or covered in brush.  n51 It does not include extra administrative
costs of writing a grant to pay for the dump cleanup, or the administrative
costs of overseeing the dump cleanup itself. Finally, it does not account for
less easily monetizable costs, like harm to the environment, human health, and
property values.  n52

   The point of comparing the costs of funding waste collection to the costs of
funding illegal dump cleanup is not to suggest that EPA should conduct such cost
comparisons to determine whether the agency should fund collection or cleanup
for a given tribe. Even if it turned out that funding trash collection would be
more expensive than dump cleanup, continually cleaning up dump sites is not
exactly an environmentally friendly or sustainable solution. The point is merely
to show that, given a situation where the illegal dumping is coming from tribal
members and there are significant barriers for the tribe to fund collection
and/or to prevent illegal dumping, stepping in and funding collection may be
cost-effective.

   It may also be true that more funding is needed for solid waste management on
tribal lands in general, and that truly fulfilling the tribal trust
responsibility requires Congress to designate appropriate funding for the task.
The Indian Health Service estimated it would cost $ 126 million to clean up the
1,104 open dumps identified as of 1998. But as of 2005, only slightly more than
ten million dollars had actually been spent on cleanup.  n53 It is a bleak
reality that many tribes are located in low-income, rural areas. Congress should
not ignore the unique problems caused by whittling once-great tribal nations
into checkerboarded lands, forcing them into the far corners of rural areas, and
then deciding that tribal self-determination and sovereign status should govern.
Rather, it has a duty to provide funding adequate so that, at the very least,
these lands might stay free from trash accumulation.

   III. EPA's REASONING--WHY EPA MIGHT FOCUS ONLY ON DUMP CLEANUP

   If it is largely unrealistic, given the hurdles that tribes face in
preventing and enforcing against illegal dumping, to assume all tribes can
develop sustainable solid waste management programs, and if paying for ongoing
trash collection can cost about the same as cleaning up dumps, why doesn't EPA
fund ongoing collection programs? Two possible reasons exist:  [*199]  1)
funding ongoing solid waste programs does not promote program sustainability;
and 2) by funding dump cleanup, EPA can more tangibly show progress in Indian
country.

A. Program Sustainability

   Although EPA pays for ongoing environmental projects for tribes in other
environmental areas, similar funding for ongoing waste management is not
available through EPA's supplemental tribal waste management grant program, the
Tribal Solid Waste Management Assistance Project. The logic behind EPA's more
limited funding scheme for solid waste is either that 1) funding solid waste
planning and dump cleanup is the best way for a tribe to become sustainable; 2)
funding trash collection is inherently unsustainable; 3) if long-term solid
waste projects are needed, such as ongoing collection, a tribe should be able to
find outside funding; or 4) funding ongoing collection will disincentivize
tribes to become sustainable in the absence of EPA funding.

   This logic is flawed. First, for a small tribe the best solid waste
management system may not involve a lot of plan and code writing. "EPA . . .
tends to view the regulatory aspect of municipal [solid waste management] as
being limited to the development of the municipal [solid waste management] plan
and the development of codes and regulations, as though this were somehow
miraculously self-enforcing."  n54 EPA might spend $ 50,000 to pay for the
development of an illegal dumping enforcement code, but if this code sits on the
shelf because there is no tribal system in place to enforce the code, this money
has been wasted. If what a small tribe needs to prevent illegal dumping is
merely a contract with a local waste hauler, a solid waste management plan and
illegal dumping ordinances worthy of a state solid waste program are overkill.

   Second, it is a false dichotomy to view dump cleanup as sustainable, but
trash collection as unsustainable. To EPA, it may be that paying for day-to-day
trash collection does not really seem sustainable; unlike ongoing air and water
programs, which one day might lead to a decrease in air or water pollution,
ongoing trash pickup, once funded by EPA, will never end. This is in contrast to
the apparent sustainability of dump cleanup, where ideally, once a dump is
cleaned up, it stays cleaned up. This logic breaks down, however, in cases where
EPA pays for dump cleanup for tribes where it is unrealistic to expect that
dumping will cease; in this case EPA could end up spending the equivalent amount
of money it might have spent on collection on continual dump cleanup, without
making any real environmental progress.

    [*200]  EPA should think of ongoing trash collection in the same light as
ongoing water quality monitoring (which EPA funds through Clean Water Act
Section 106 Grants)  n55 or the construction of wastewater treatment (which EPA
funds through the Clean Water Indian Set-Aside Grant Program).  n56 Funding
ongoing water monitoring has no obvious endpoint to funding, yet it is necessary
to protect the tribal environment. Constructing wastewater treatment facilities
is a sustainable solution to wastewater management, even though EPA could
equally elect to clean up wastewater contamination after it happens. Similarly
to the logic behind these programs, EPA should think of funding ongoing
collection as necessary in some cases to protect the tribal environment and as
preferable to the alternative of cleaning up dumps after they happen.

   Third, the idea that a tribe will be able to find funding outside of EPA to
implement ongoing solid waste management may be wishful thinking. Although some
tribal councils will be able to use tribal funds or gaming revenue to start
recycling centers and collection programs, these tribes are exceptional cases.
n57 And while many states fund their illegal dumping prevention and cleanup
programs with revenue received from tipping fees at state landfills or revenue
from bottle bills,  n58 since few tribes run commercial landfills and none have
bottle bill programs, these common methods of revenue generation for dump
prevention are unavailable.

   Finally, there is a risk that by funding ongoing trash collection, EPA will
disincentivize tribes to become sustainable in the absence of such funding. Even
if the tribal government or tribal members at a future date found themselves
easily able to pay for collection, they may at that point be unwilling to. Why
pay for a service you have previously gotten for free? This problem may be
solvable through stringent grant conditions and project review. The grant
application might require a detailed analysis of the tribe and tribal members'
ability to pay for collection. There might also be strict requirements for grant
renewal, including a demonstration that economic conditions have not changed for
the tribe.

   If EPA focuses on the goal of sustainability in terms of sustainable dump
prevention, then funding ongoing solid waste activities like trash collection
[*201]  is not as odious. Rather, it is one option, funded along with solid
waste management plans and codes, that may help tribes become sustainable. Where
dump sites crop up year after year, and the circumstances of the tribe make
solid waste enforcement and prevention next to impossible without paying for
trash collection, EPA should recognize that helping to fund collection is
necessary for that tribe to create a sustainable solid waste management program.

B. Showing Progress

   Counting dumps cleaned up each year in each region of EPA is an easy method
of reporting progress. So is counting new solid waste management plans written
by tribes. As a result the Office of Resource Conservation and Recovery (ORCR),
EPA's office that provides solid waste funding to tribes, requires EPA regions
to report the number of tribes covered by solid waste management plans and the
number of dumps closed each year.  n59 ORCR also sets goals for the number of
plans to be completed and dumps to be closed by region.

   This means that even if EPA regions had the ability to use the limited
national funding they receive to fund ongoing collection programs, the regions
would be loath to allocate funding away from areas that help meet national
targets and goals.

   On one hand, having easily definable national targets forces regions to be
accountable for where money is spent, and if the national goals are well thought
out, measurement helps move the regions toward national goals. On the other
hand, that measurement undermines EPA regions' abilities to tailor their funding
approaches to each tribe's needs. It also incentivizes EPA regions to fund the
development of unnecessary solid waste management plans and to fund as many
small and inexpensive cleanups as possible so as to meet numeric targets rather
than to fund cleanup sites in order of priority based on dump site risk to
public health.

   There may be no easy proxy for long-term solid waste sustainability that can
be measured and reported on a quarterly basis. But re-thinking EPA's system of
measurement of tribal solid waste progress is necessary if EPA's goal is
long-term sustainability. Perhaps a metric could be based on surveying tribes
each year as to how much garbage is being dumped on the land and whether that
amount has gone up or down in the past year. This would incentivize EPA to pick
the most cost-effective and long-term method for preventing dumping, rather than
just pay for a dump site cleanup and move on. Or perhaps the metric could report
the number of tribes where every member has access to waste collection and/or
recycling services. This would incentivize EPA to spend the most resources for
the most economically- and geographically-disadvantaged tribes. Whatever the
measurement  [*202]  system chosen, it should reflect goals of long-term
sustainability, not just what progress points are most easily quantifiable.

   IV. ALTERNATIVE FUNDING PROPOSAL

   To best fulfill the goals of its Indian Policy, EPA needs flexibility to
grant funding to pay for ongoing waste collection for tribes. Flexibility in
funding is the best way to recognize tribal governments as the primary parties
for managing the environment. At the same time, to the extent that paying for
ongoing waste collection decreases illegal dumping, flexibility helps assure
compliance with environmental statutes and helps the federal government fulfill
its tribal trust obligation.

   This increased flexibility requires no change in EPA statutory or regulatory
language, and only a relatively minor change in grant language. EPA's
regulations for the GAP program specifically permit implementation of solid
waste programs.  n60 It is only the terms of the grant application that prohibit
the use of funds for ongoing waste collection. To adopt this alternative
proposal, the terms of either the GAP grant program or the Tribal Solid Waste
Management Assistance Project grant program should be changed so that proposals
for ongoing collection are allowed.  n61 Because the circumstances of each
tribe, as well as the reasons for illegal dumping, vary dramatically between
tribes, it should be up to each tribe to determine how funding would best be
used when the tribe applies for EPA grants, and for EPA grant project officers
to make reasoned judgments about how to distribute limited funding.

   Funding collection is not appropriate in every case. When illegal dumping is
coming from off-tribal land, funding collection will do little good. Nor does
funding collection make sense if the tribe or tribal members already pay, or
have the ability to pay, for regular collection; this would be a waste of EPA's
limited funds, and a decrease in illegal dumping may be better achieved through
a tribal educational campaign.

   However, paying for trash collection may be the most economical, sustainable,
and environmentally friendly solution to illegal dumping for tribes where the
majority of illegal dumping comes from tribal members, there is no illegal
dumping enforcement system and developing such a system may not be reasonable,
and/or the majority of members are low-income or face significant barriers to
access to waste collection. To ensure that funding for continuous collection
goes only to tribes where such funding would make a  [*203]  difference, EPA
could require through its grant programs that the tribe first complete an
analysis of 1) where the illegal dumping is coming from; 2) whether creating an
illegal dumping prevention and enforcement program is feasible; and 3) if
illegal dumping is coming predominantly from tribal members, what the reasons
are. If the tribe shows through its analysis that illegal dumping is caused
predominantly because members and the tribe are unable to pay for collection,
EPA should provide funding in the next phase of the grant to cover the costs of
waste collection.

   This funding for ongoing waste collection should be a backstop, however, and
EPA should work with the tribe, as well as other federal and state agencies, to
search for other sources of long-term funding and continue to promote creative
solutions and cooperation among tribes.  n62 In order to ensure that funding for
ongoing collection does not disincentivize tribes to find other long-term
solutions, grant conditions should be added to make sure ongoing collection is
the best use of federal funds. For example, as a grant condition, additional
reporting could be required on the effectiveness of ongoing collection in
reducing illegal dumping and on attempts to supplement or supplant federal
funding with other sources.

   To evaluate whether this more flexible approach to funding is effective, EPA
should change its program evaluation metrics from recording open dump cleanup
and solid waste management plan development to metrics designed to evaluate
long-term sustainability. As discussed above, possible metrics could include the
number of tribes experiencing a decrease in the amount of illegal dumping each
year and/or the number of tribes where every member has access to waste
collection services.

   CONCLUSION

   Illegal dumping is not just a problem on tribal lands; low-income, rural
areas across the nation grapple with the problem. But Native American tribes,
especially small tribes, have significant limitations on the solutions
available. EPA's expectation that a small, rural tribe should be able to develop
and implement its own illegal dumping enforcement and prevention program may not
be realistic. EPA's use of funds to clean up illegal dump sites in these areas,
without meaningful attention and funding to prevent future dumping, is self
perpetuating and self defeating. Removing restrictions on funding, and allowing
tribes the flexibility to apply funding towards ongoing waste collection, would
be better for the environment, be more cost effective, help EPA fulfill the
goals of its Indian Policy, and help the federal government best meet its trust
obligations to tribes.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Environmental LawSolid WastesDisposal PlanningEnvironmental LawSolid
WastesDisposal StandardsReal Property LawTrustsHolding Trusts

FOOTNOTES:




n1  Lynn E. Zender, Solid Waste Management on Indian Reservations: Limitations
of Conventional Solid Waste Management Engineering 123 (1999) (unpublished Ph.D.
dissertation, University of California Davis) (citing Workshop on Solid Waste
Disposal on Indian Lands: Hearings before S. Select Comm. on Indian Affairs,
102nd Cong. 102-72 (1992)), available at
http://www.zendergroup.org/diss_contents.htm.




n2  Although this article refers to "solid waste collection" or "trash
collection," it does not mean to suggest that equal, if not greater, emphasis
should not be placed on developing recycling and waste reduction programs.




n3  Although the Solid Waste Management Assistance Project is co-funded by the
Indian Health Service, the Bureau of Indian Affairs, the Department of Defense,
and the Department of Agriculture, and each of these agencies has some role in
tribal solid waste management, this article will focus solely on EPA because of
EPA's lead role in providing funding and technical assistance for environmental
protection on tribal land.




n4  Bureau of Indian Affairs, Frequently Asked Questions,
http://www.bia.gov/FAQs/index. htm (on file with the Harvard Law School
Library). There are 565 federally-recognized tribes total, 229 in Alaska.




n5  City-Data.com, Oregon, http://www.city-data.com/city/Oregon.html (on file
with the Harvard Law School Library). Oregon is roughly 95,997 square miles.




n6  KLAUS FRANTZ, INDIAN RESERVATIONS IN THE UNITED STATES 45 (1999).




n7  Gregory Campbell, Indian Reservations, Dictionary of American History
(2003), http://www.encyclopedia.com/doc/1G2-3401802046.html (on file with the
Harvard Law School Library).




n8  Although a "government-to-government" relationship exists in theory, tribal
land is subject to all federal laws, and tribal members living off reservations
are subject to all state laws.




n9  See generally COHEN'S HANDBOOK OF FEDERAL INDIAN LAW (Nell J. Newton, et al.
eds., 2005).




n10  Seminole Nation v. United States, 316 U.S. 286, 296-97 (1942). See also
Johnson v. M'Intosh, 21 U.S. 543 (1823); Cherokee Nation v. Georgia, 30 U.S. 1,
10 (1831).




n11  COHEN'S HANDBOOK OF FEDERAL INDIAN LAW, supra note 9.




n12  See, e.g., John H. Peacock, Jr., Lamenting Language Loss at the Modern
Language Association, AM. INDIAN Q., Winter/Spring 2006, at 138.




n13  COHEN'S HANDBOOK OF FEDERAL INDIAN LAW, supra note 9.




n14  FRANTZ, supra note 6, at 44.




n15  See JACK UTTER, AMERICAN INDIANS: ANSWERS TO TODAY'S QUESTIONS 234 (2001).
For example, the 30-member Cabazon tribe operates a successful hotel and casino,
and each tribal member is reported to have an annual income of over $ 500,000.
Cabazon's success is not representative of gaming tribes, however. "For many
Indian nations, particularly those far from large population centers from which
to draw customers, gaming has made little impact on the problems of persistent
poverty." HARVARD PROJECT ON AM. INDIAN ECON. DEV., THE STATE OF THE NATIVE
NATIONS 117 (2008).




n16  WILLIAM N. THOMPSON, NATIVE AMERICAN ISSUES 17 (2005).




n17  Id. at 17-18.




n18  James M. Grijalva, The Origins of EPA's Indian Program, 15 KAN. J.L. & PUB.
POL'Y 191, 278 (2006).




n19  Id. at 192, 292; see also U.S. ENVTL. PROT. AGENCY, EPA POLICY FOR THE
ADMTNISTRATION OF ENVIRONMENTAL PROGRAMS ON INDIAN RESERVATIONS (1984),
available at http://www.epa.gov/indian/pdf/indian-policy-84.pdf.




n20  Memorandum from Barack Obama, President of the U.S., to the Heads of Exec.
Dep'ts and Agencies (Nov. 5, 2009), available at
http://edocket.access.gpo.gov/2009/pdf/e9-27142. pdf (affirming his commitment
to consultation and collaboration with tribal officials).




n21  Memorandum from Lisa P. Jackson, Adm'r, U.S. Envtl. Prot. Agency, to All
Envtl. Prot. Agency Employees (Jul. 22, 2009), available at
http://www.epa.gov/indian/pdf/reaffirmationmemo-epa-indian-policy-7-22-09.pdf.




n22  American Indian Environmental Office, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency,
Indian Environmental General Assistance Program (GAP),
http://www.epa.gov/Indian/gap.htm (on file with the Harvard Law School Library).




n23  U.S. ENVTL. PROT. AGENCY, FY 2009 TRIBAL SOLID WASTE MANAGEMENT ASSISTANCE
PROJECT: OVERVIEW SECTION, available at http://www.epa.gov/oswer/docs/grants/
09-02.pdf.




n24  REGION 9, U.S. ENVTL. PROT. AGENCY, SAMPLE GENERAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAM
ACTIVITIES 2 (2010), available at
http://www.epa.gov/region09/funding/pdfs/tribal-gap/gap2010-attcA-sampleactiviti
es.pdf.




n25  Id. at 4.




n26  Id.




n27  See United States Environmental Protection Agency, Introduction to Tribal
Water Pollution Prevention and Control,
http://water.epa.gOv/polwaste/nps/tribal/tribes2.cfm#AncOverv (on file with the
Harvard Law School Library).




n28  INDIAN HEALTH SERVICE, U.S. DEPT. OF HEALTH & HUMAN SERVS., STATUS OF OPEN
DUMPS ON INDIAN LANDS 1 (1998), available at
http://www.oehe.ihs.gov/Solid_W/1998_OD Report/1998OpenDumpsReport.pdf. EPA has
not yet released an updated count.




n29  Zender, supra note 1, at 15.




n30  Jennifer Bowles, Cleanup funds are OK'd for illegal dump on reservation,
PRESS-ENTERPRISE, Nov. 15, 2006,
http://www.pe.com/localnews/inland/stories/PE_News_Local_H_ dump16.35f77d6.html
(on file with the Harvard Law School Library).




n31  S. REP. NO. 103-253, at 1 (1994).




n32  David Kelly, Reservation's Toxic Dumps a Multilayered Nightmare, L.A.
TIMES, June 2, 2007, at Al.




n33  U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, Backyard Burning,
http://www.epa.gov/waste/nonhaz/municipal/backyard/index.htm (on file with the
Harvard Law School Library).




n34  REGION 5, U.S. ENVTL. PROT. AGENCY, ILLEGAL DUMPING PREVENTION GUIDEBOOK
(1998), available at
http://www.epa.gov/reg5rcra/wptdiv/illegal_dumping/downloads/ildmpng.pdf.




n35  Id.




n36  EPA has some limited enforcement under Section 7003 for sites posing an
"imminent and substantial endangerment" and 4005(c)(2), but it has rarely been
used.




n37  Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (RCRA) § 7003, 42 U.S.C. § 6973
(2006).




n38  ILLEGAL DUMPING PREVENTION GUIDEBOOK, supra note 34, at 5.




n39  There are 565 tribal areas, counting Alaska.




n40  Nor would county involvement likely be desirable from either a tribal or
county perspective. Tribes may be disinclined to invite the county onto tribal
land, and counties have little incentive to spend county funds on tribal waste
management.




n41  Region 9, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, Solid Waste Management on
Tribal Lands, http://www.epa.gov/region9/waste/tribal/solidwastecode.html (on
file with the Harvard Law School Library).




n42  See LAUREN WENZEL, ENVIRONMENTAL RISK IN INDIAN COUNTRY 22 (1992) ("For
small tribes with limited resources, environmental management means diverting
funds from other essential programs. Economies of scale argue against extensive
environmental programs for small tribes.").




n43  Zender, supra note 1, at 123.




n44  Paul H. Stuart, Organizing For Self-Determination: Federal and Tribal
Bureaucracies in an Era of Social and Policy Change, in AMERICAN INDIANS: SOCIAL
JUSTICE AND PUBLIC POLICY 83, 95 (Donald E. Green and Thomas V. Tonnesen eds.,
1991).




n45  See, e.g., United States v. Navajo Nation, 537 U.S. 488, 506 (2003)
(holding that the Nation could not recover compensation for alleged breach of
trust).




n46  Exec. Order No. 13,175, 65 C.F.R. 218 at § 2(a) (Nov. 9, 2000) ("Since the
formulation of the Union, the United States has recognized Indian tribes as
domestic dependent nations under its protection. The Federal government has . .
. a trust relationship with Indian tribes."); Memorandum on Tribal Consultation,
74 C.F.R. 215 (Nov. 5, 2009) (affirming President Obama's commitment to
consultation and collaboration pursuant to Executive Order 13175), available at
http://edocket.access.gpo.gov/2009/pdf/e9-27142.pdf.




n47  Mary Christina Wood, Protecting the Attributes of Native Sovereignty: A New
Trust Paradigm for Federal Actions Affecting Tribal Lands and Resources, 1995
UTAH L. REV. 109, 141-42 (1995); see also WILLIAM H. RODGERS, JR., ENVIRONMENTAL
LAW IN INDIAN COUNTRY 228-29 (2005) ("Under the Indian trust doctrine the
federal government has . . . a duty to protect against damage or destruction [of
the environment]." (quoting White Mountain Apache Tribe v. United States, 11 Cl.
Ct. 614, 672 (1987)).




n48  Region 3, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, Summary of the EPA
Municipal Solid Waste Program, http://www.epa.gov/reg3wcmd/solidwastesummary.htm
(on file with the Harvard Law School Library).




n49  See NAT'L SOLID WASTE MGMT. ASSN, RESIDENTIAL TRASH COLLECTION: AN
ESSENTIAL SERVICE AT A BARGAIN PRICE, available at
http://www.environmentalistseveryday.org/docs/research-bulletin/Research-Bulleti
n-Service-At-A-Bargain.pdf.




n50  U.S. ENVTL. PROT. AGENCY, ILLEGAL DUMPING ECONOMIC ASSESSMENT COST
ESTIMATING MODEL, available at
http://www.epa.gov/region09/waste/tribal/open-dump.html. Inputs/assumptions
included: 1) fifty tons of waste; 2) 1,600 square feet of area; 3) a rural
setting in a primarily residential area; and 4) sixty feet of fencing would need
to be installed. The default values in the model for labor, equipment, disposal
costs, etc., were used.




n51  For example, the Hoopa tribe routinely cleans up dumps in steep, unstable
terrain; see Region 9: Waste Programs, U.S Environmental Protection Agency,
Solid Waste Management on Tribal Lands, Success Stories,
http://www.epa.gov/region09/waste/tribal/success.html (on file with the Harvard
Law School Library). In 2007, Redding Rancheria had to use extensive hand-labor
to close a 300 square-yard dump along a stream bank in Sacramento. See id.




n52  ILLEGAL DUMPING PREVENTION GUIDEBOOK, supra note 34, at 3.




n53  HARVARD PROJECT ON AM. INDIAN ECON. DEV., supra note 15, at 179-91.




n54  Zender, supra note 1 at 133 (citing Workshop on Solid Waste Disposal on
Indian Lands: Hearing Before the S. Select Comm. on Indian Affairs, 102nd
Congress (1991)) (statement of Mervyn Tano, Council of Energy Resource Tribes).




n55  Region 10, U.S Environmental Protection Agency, Clean Water Act Section 106
Tribal Funding, http://yosemite.epa.gov/R10/TRIBAL.NSF/Grants/CWA-S106 (on file
with the Harvard Law School Library).




n56  U.S. ENVTL. PROT. AGENCY, CLEAN WATER INDIAN SET-ASIDE GRANT PROGRAM:
ANSWERS TO FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS (2007), available at
www.epa.gov/owm/mab/indian/pdfs/tribal-faq-highres.pdf.




n57  For example, the Pit River Tribal Council was able to support an ongoing
solid waste and recycling program for the Tribe once EPA funding ran out. See
Region 9: Waste Programs, supra note 51. The Tule River Tribal Council was able
to keep a tribal transfer station running long-term after start-up funding from
Indian Health Services. See U.S ENVTL. PROT. AGENCY, TRIBAL SOLID WASTE PROGRAM
COSTING TOOL 14 (2009), available at http://epa.
gov/region09/waste/tribal/pdf/Tribal-Solid-Waste-Program-Costing-Tool.pdf




n58  See, e.g., Solid Waste Disposal and Site Hazard Reduction Act, Assem. B.
2448 (Cal. 1987) (establishing the Solid Waste Disposal Site Cleanup and
Maintenance Account based on annual fees assessed to landfill facility operators
per tons of waste disposed).




n59  U.S. ENVTL. PROT. AGENCY, FY 2010 ANNUAL PLAN 53 (2010), available at
http://www.epa.gov/ocfo/budget/2010/fy_2010_annual_plan.pdf.




n60  "Tribes and Intertribal Consortia may use General Assistance Program funds
for planning, developing, and establishing environmental protection programs and
to develop and implement solid and hazardous waste programs for Tribes." 40
C.F.R. § 35.545 (2010).




n61  The grant application for 2010 currently reads, "Examples of non-eligible
activities include . . . long-term, on-going operation and maintenance of solid
waste collection and recycling facilities." To adopt this proposal, EPA would
merely need to remove this sentence from the grant application. REGION 9, U.S.
ENVTL. PROT. AGENCY, supra note 24, at 2.




n62  EPA currently works to promote well-run tribal waste management collection
and dump cleanup/prevention programs through publications, regional and national
meetings, and award programs. See, e.g., U.S. Environmental Protection Agency,
Waste Management in Indian Country: Case Studies,
http://www.epa.gov/waste/wycd/tribal/tribprog.htm (on file with the Harvard Law
School Library).


                              175 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                             April 19, 2016 Tuesday

EBRD, EU and E5P develop solid waste management in Armenia

LENGTH: 435 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 London: The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) is
providing a [#x20ac]5.5 million loan to Armenia for the implementation of modern
solid waste management solutions in the Kotayk and Gegharkunik regions.


 The loan amount includes of a previously signed [#x20ac]3.5 million and a newly
added [#x20ac]2 million EBRD sovereign loan, which will allow for an extension
of the geographic coverage of the Kotayk Solid Waste Management to the adjacent
Gegharkunik region.
 The new landfill - the first in Armenia that is compliant with EU regulations -
will be located in the city of Hrazdan in the Kotayk Province and managed by
twelve participating municipalities - Hrazdan, Abovian, Charentsavan,
Tsakhkadzor, Byureghavan, Yeghvard, Nor Hachn, Sevan, Martuni, Gavar, Vardenis
and Chambarak. It will operate as a commercial unit with modern solid waste
management systems, covering the collection and disposal of municipal solid
waste. The services will generate major environmental and social benefits for
some 500,000 people in the area.
 The EBRD loan is complemented by grant financing of [#x20ac]5.5 million,
provided by the European Union Neighbourhood Investment Facility (EU NIF) with a
contribution of [#x20ac]3.5 million and a [#x20ac]2.0 million grant from the
Eastern Europe Energy Efficiency and Environment Partnership (E5P) fund.
 The Austrian government will support the implementation of the project and the
corporate development of the landfill management company. Additional grant funds
are provided by the EBRD's Shareholders' Special Fund and the Early Transition
Countries Fund.
 The legal agreements for the loan were signed on Wednesday in Yerevan by
Armenia's Minister of Finance Gagik Khachatryan, the twelve participating
municipalities and the EBRD.
 The new landfill represents a significant step forward in implementing
Armenia's plans to modernise and upgrade the country's waste management system
to EU standards. It will serve as an example of raising public awareness of the
importance of sustainable solid waste management.
 Mark Davis, Head of the EBRD's Yerevan Resident Office, said: "This investment
will bring substantial benefits to the regions' residents and environment and
will help to develop a wider use of recycling. We are grateful for the strong
support from our donors who see modernisation and environmental protection as
much as a priority as we do."
 Since the start of its operations in Armenia in 1992, the EBRD has invested
over [#x20ac]1 billion in 148 projects in the country's financial, corporate,
infrastructure and energy sectors, with 87 per cent of investments being in the
private sector.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              176 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 9, 2013 Monday

Utah: Solid Waste Management Grant Program

LENGTH: 233  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Dec 31, 2013
Contact

Phone: 202.720.9589
Email: water@wdc.usda.gov
Purpose

The Solid Waste Management (SWM) Grant Program offers funds to organizations
will to reduce or eliminate pollution of water resources in rural areas, and
improve planning and management of solid waste sites in rural areas.

Grantees will be expected to:

Provide technical assistance and/or training to enhance operator skills in the
operation and maintenance of active landfills
    Provide technical assistance and/or training to help communities reduce the
solid waste stream
    Provide technical assistance and/or training for operators of landfills
which are closed or will be closed in the near future

Eligibility

An organization is eligible if it is a:

Private, non-profit organization that has tax-exempt status
    Public body
    Federally acknowledged or state-recognized Native American tribe or group
    Academic institution

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $3,400,000
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and online application process are available
through grants.gov. Applicants may also file paper applications.
Tagged as  Community development, Public health

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              177 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 6, 2013 Friday

Utah: Solid Waste Management Grant Program

LENGTH: 233  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Dec 31, 2013
Contact

Phone: 202.720.9589
Email: water@wdc.usda.gov
Purpose

The Solid Waste Management (SWM) Grant Program offers funds to organizations
will to reduce or eliminate pollution of water resources in rural areas, and
improve planning and management of solid waste sites in rural areas.

Grantees will be expected to:

Provide technical assistance and/or training to enhance operator skills in the
operation and maintenance of active landfills
    Provide technical assistance and/or training to help communities reduce the
solid waste stream
    Provide technical assistance and/or training for operators of landfills
which are closed or will be closed in the near future

Eligibility

An organization is eligible if it is a:

Private, non-profit organization that has tax-exempt status
    Public body
    Federally acknowledged or state-recognized Native American tribe or group
    Academic institution

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $3,400,000
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and online application process are available
through grants.gov. Applicants may also file paper applications.
Tagged as  Community development, Public health

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              178 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 4, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Solid Waste Management Grant Program

LENGTH: 233  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Dec 31, 2013
Contact

Phone: 202.720.9589
Email: water@wdc.usda.gov
Purpose

The Solid Waste Management (SWM) Grant Program offers funds to organizations
will to reduce or eliminate pollution of water resources in rural areas, and
improve planning and management of solid waste sites in rural areas.

Grantees will be expected to:

Provide technical assistance and/or training to enhance operator skills in the
operation and maintenance of active landfills
    Provide technical assistance and/or training to help communities reduce the
solid waste stream
    Provide technical assistance and/or training for operators of landfills
which are closed or will be closed in the near future

Eligibility

An organization is eligible if it is a:

Private, non-profit organization that has tax-exempt status
    Public body
    Federally acknowledged or state-recognized Native American tribe or group
    Academic institution

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $3,400,000
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and online application process are available
through grants.gov. Applicants may also file paper applications.
Tagged as  Community development, Public health

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              179 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 2, 2013 Monday

Utah: Solid Waste Management Grant Program

LENGTH: 233  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Development
Deadlines  Dec 31, 2013
Contact

Phone: 202.720.9589
Email: water@wdc.usda.gov
Purpose

The Solid Waste Management (SWM) Grant Program offers funds to organizations
will to reduce or eliminate pollution of water resources in rural areas, and
improve planning and management of solid waste sites in rural areas.

Grantees will be expected to:

Provide technical assistance and/or training to enhance operator skills in the
operation and maintenance of active landfills
    Provide technical assistance and/or training to help communities reduce the
solid waste stream
    Provide technical assistance and/or training for operators of landfills
which are closed or will be closed in the near future

Eligibility

An organization is eligible if it is a:

Private, non-profit organization that has tax-exempt status
    Public body
    Federally acknowledged or state-recognized Native American tribe or group
    Academic institution

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $3,400,000
Application
process

Links to the full announcement and online application process are available
through grants.gov. Applicants may also file paper applications.
Tagged as  Community development, Public health

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              180 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                             August 8, 2008 Friday
                                  Mars Edition

Sewer board eyes deadline for grant

BYLINE: NANCY J. SULOK, Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 448 words


SOUTH BEND - Stephen A. Studer, attorney for the Regional Water and Sewer
District, said he is continuing to hammer out details of an agreement with Waste
Management Inc. for a waste treatment plant and sewer system at Wyatt.

Studer reported at a district meeting Thursday that he presented a contract to
Waste Management that provided for the company to build the plant at the Prairie
View Landfill and donate it to the district. He said attorneys for the landfill
operator would prefer to sell the plant to the district for a token $1.

The district board was in agreement, but board president Don Smessaert urged
expediency to get the paperwork finished and signed. The district plans to apply
for state funds to help finance the sewer project, and the grant application
deadline is only a few weeks away, he said.

Kenneth K. Jones, president of Wightman Petrie consulting engineers, agreed. He
said the state grants are very competitive, so the district needs to make sure
it does a thorough job on the details.

Jones said the state expects to receive around 60 applications for the grants,
but only half of those will be approved. He was optimistic that the Wyatt
project will be successful, because of its strong health concerns related to
failed septic systems in the town.

Marc Nelson of the county health department said he can get fresh test data in
about a week to demonstrate E. coli levels and other issues in the town.

Board member Jason Marker had a stack of letters from town residents with "hard
luck stories'' about their need for a sewer system. One elderly woman included
information about how her toilet won't flush properly anymore, Marker said.

On another issue, Jones encouraged the board to move forward with the Granger
sewer project, which he expects to be a complicated undertaking.

He suggested the district should look first at the idea of running the sewer
line to Edwardsburg, which then would transport the sewage to the Elkhart waste
treatment plant. Edwardsburg and Ontwa Township already use the Elkhart
facility.

Jones said he has asked Edwardsburg/Ontwa Township for a legal opinion on its
existing interlocal agreement with Elkhart, to make sure the Granger hookup can
be done.

County Commissioner Mark Dobson, who serves on the water and sewer board, said
he wants assurance that the sewer line would have sufficient capacity for future
expansion.

The initial sewer project will serve only the business district of Granger, but
Dobson predicted residents will want to hook onto it once it is up and running.

The board voted to allow Wightman Petrie to move forward with the Granger
project.

Staff writer Nancy J. Sulok: nsulok@sbtinfo.com (574) 235-6234

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              181 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                            January 23, 2005 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Briefs

SECTION: DURHAM; Pg. C5

LENGTH: 271  words


City official off to Tuskegee, Ala.

Alfred Davis, Durham's solid waste management director, has been named the new
city manager of Tuskegee, Ala.

Davis leaves after a year on the job with the city of Durham.

"During his year with the city, Al started new and innovative programs for the
Solid Waste Management Department," said Patrick Baker, Durham city manager. "He
also assembled a team that is ready and capable of maintaining the quality
services that citizens have come to expect of this department. We wish him the
best of luck."

Davis' last day will be Feb. 18. Tom Ayers, assistant director of solid waste
management, will serve as interim director until a permanent replacement is
found.

"Though I welcome the challenge of becoming Tuskegee's first city manager, the
decision to leave Durham has truly been a difficult one," Davis said. "During
the year that I worked for the city of Durham, I have come to love the city and
the employees who make it a special place to work, particularly those who work
in solid waste management."

Charity agency to award grants

The Durham Merchants Association Charitable Foundation is taking grant
applications for the fall.

Organizations that are tax exempt and serve Durham may apply for a grant. To
receive an application, call Buddy Lynam, executive director, at (919) 493-2799.
Leave a name, address and phone number.

The Durham Merchants Association Charitable Foundation was founded in 1989 to
help meet a wide range of philanthropic needs in Durham County. The organization
has awarded more than $1.8 million in grants.

Deadline for grant applications is April 1.

-- From staff reports

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 The Durham Herald Co.


                              182 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                      Jacksonville Daily Progress (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 14, 2008 Thursday

Rusk gets solid waste grants

BYLINE: Kelly Young, Jacksonville Daily Progress, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 487 words


Aug. 14--RUSK -- The East Texas Council of Governments announced last week the
city of Rusk had been approved to receive two solid waste grants totaling
$28,000 in free money. The grants are being funded by the Texas Commission on
Environmental Quality.

Rusk applied for the grants back in March, and ETCOG has awarded them with the
entire amount that the city asked for.

"The one grant is for a chipper that the city will use to dispose of brush and
other debris that we pick up on the side of the road. It will be used when we
pick limbs and brush that citizens place by the side of the curb, and when we do
right-of-way cleaning," said City Manager Mike Murray. "The best part of it is
that there's [no matching funds requirement] for the city, so it's all paid
for."

Murray said the $25,000 grant does not cover the entire cost of the chipper,
forcing the city to cover the difference, which he estimates is only about
$1,000.

The other grant received by Rusk, totaling $3,000, will be used for public
education.

"We also received $3,000 for our Keep Rusk Beautiful program, which was created
when the (Rusk) Chamber of Commerce and the city joined together to form this
independent thing that is under the auspices of both the chamber and the city,
yet belongs to neither one," he said.

According to Murray, the grant money will be used for printing, signage, office
supplies and educational training.

ETCOG will distribute a total of $250,255 in solid waste grants during Fiscal
Year 2008-2009. Fifteen applications were submitted by the due date of July 18,
and after being reviewed by ETCOG's Solid Waste Advisory Committee, 13 of the 15
applications were approved.

In order to be applicable for the grants, projects must either contribute to the
prevention of illegal dumping, promote source reduction and recycling,
contribute to public education of proper solid waste management or be a
community clean-up event.

The city of Alto received a similar grant last year, and used the $16,500 it was
awarded from ETCOG to fund a part-time litter abatement officer.

Murray said this is the first year Rusk has applied for solid waste grants
through ETCOG. To his knowledge, Murray said the city of Rusk has never owned a
chipper.

"Without this grant, we wouldn't have been able to buy it at all. It's not an
absolute necessity, but it is a really nice tool to have," Murray said. "There's
no way we could have spent $25,000 out-of-pocket for a chipper, but the grant
made it possible."

To see more of the Jacksonville Daily Progress, or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.jacksonvilleprogress.com. Copyright (c) 2008,
Jacksonville Daily Progress, Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080814-JD-Rusk-gets-solid-waste-grants-0814

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JD


                                 Copyright 2008


                              183 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            December 2, 2014 Tuesday

GEF $12m grant to enhance environmental performance of Municipal Solid Waste
Incinerators in China

LENGTH: 408  words

DATELINE: Washington


Today the World Bank's Board of Executive Directors approved the Municipal Solid
Waste Management Project, financed with a $12 million grant from the Global
Environment Facility (GEF) to the People's Republic of China. This project will
help improve the environmental performance of existing municipal solid waste
incinerators through capacity building and demonstration of best available
techniques (BAT) and best environmental practices (BEP) in accordance with the
Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants (POPs).


Municipal solid waste management is a growing concern for China's cities. With
China's rapid economic development, urbanization and rising standards of living,
the quantity of municipal solid waste collected and transported has increased
more than five-fold nationwide from about 85,000  tons per day in 1980 to about
430,000 tons per day in 2009 and is projected to reach 1.6 million tons per day
in 2030. "No country has ever experienced as large and rapid an increase in
waste generation," said Tijen Arin, World Bank's Senior Environmental Economist
and Task Team Leader for the Municipal Solid Waste Management Project.
Incineration is increasingly becoming the disposal method of choice in urban
areas motivated by a shortage of urban land for landfills and the national
policy encouraging energy generation from waste.  The number of waste
incinerators in China is projected to increase from 93 in 2009 to 200 in 2015,
with a corresponding increase in daily disposal capacity from 55,400 tons to
140,000 tons. However, China's National Implementation Plan for the Stockholm
Convention on POPs (2007) identifies waste incineration as the third largest
among nine dioxin release sources in China. According to the World Health
Organization (WHO), long-term environmental exposure can cause a range of
toxicity and lead to serious health effects. In addition, waste incinerators
produce other pollutant emissions and residual wastes.
The Global Environment Facility (GEF) unites 183 countries in partnership with
international institutions, civil society organizations, and the private sector
to address global environmental issues while supporting national sustainable
development initiatives. An independently operating financial organization, the
GEF provides grants for projects related to biodiversity, climate change,
international waters, land degradation, the ozone layer, and persistent organic
pollutants.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              184 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                        The Bemidji Pioneer (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 5, 2014 Wednesday

Saving green: Beltrami commissioners discuss waste management plan

BYLINE: Crystal Dey, The Bemidji Pioneer, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 879 words


Feb. 05--BEMIDJI -- Waste not, want not.

Beltrami County commissioners reviewed the county's waste management plan
Tuesday as Katie Swor, environmental engineer with Wenck Associate's Woodbury,
Minn., office presented commissioners with a work plan that focuses on reduction
and reuse of waste materials.

The Minnesota Pollution Control Agency requires counties to update waste
management plans every 10 years. Wenck prepared an update to the county's plan,
which was approved in February 2013 by the County Commission. Official adoption
of the Wenck proposal is scheduled for March 18.

"This is required of every county in Minnesota," Swor said. "It is tied to the
SCORE recycling grant." (SCORE is part of the Minnesota Waste Management Act and
provides grants to counties to develop reduction and recycling programs.)

Swor said completion of the update insures that counties complete the grant
application on time. Beltrami has completed the process with Polk, Mahnomen and
Norman counties.

Wenck Associates' plan for Beltrami County includes continuing to process waste
at the Polk County Waste-to-Energy Facility in Fosston, Minn., and encouraging
waste reduction through education and volume-based solid waste fees. The plan
also keeps a focus on efforts to receive applicable SCORE (Select Committee on
Recycling and the Environment) funding to support recycling initiatives and
programs.

"(Polk County) is one of the most important facilities in both the current
integrated solid waste management system as well as the proposed future system,"
Swor said. "Polk County fairly recently added a Materials Recovery Facility onto
the front of their plant."

A Materials Recovery Facility allows the plant to pick out recyclables and
materials that could cause problems inside the incinerator. The majority of
recycling composition materials that came from Beltrami County in 2011 was
paper, with 15 percent being problem materials such as appliances, used oil
filters and household hazardous waste.

Beltrami County currently participates in an integrated waste management system
that includes the Bemidji Solid Waste Transfer Station, the Blackduck/Kelliher
Transfer Station and rural collection sites at Ten Lakes, Waskish, Nebish,
Pinewood, Fourtown and Grygla. Both transfer stations and rural collection sites
require residents to separate their recyclables into the appropriate containers.

Commissioner Jim Lucachick said people aren't using the recycling receptacles
correctly, by dumping their garbage in them, and that having a garbage bin at
the recycling facilities would be a benefit.

"The problem is we got lazy folks out there... 30 percent of all that we collect
in those recycling bins is garbage," Lucachick said. "What I see as a simple
problem, is at these transfer stations you don't have any place for regular
garbage."

Lucachick also noted that if local people don't use local facilities, it doesn't
benefit the local economy. Beltrami County Solid Waste Director Bill Patnaude
said regular garbage cannot be brought to another county.

Commissioner Jack Frost said people need to be educated on the subject of
recycling and stop desecrating the land.

"From the standpoint of the environment, I'm looking at the big R: Reduction,"
Patnaude said.

More efficient ways to reduce the amount of waste created and better ways to
dispose of existing waste is necessary for the future of the county, he said.

Wenck Associates predicts that Beltrami County's population of approximately
45,325 residents will increase 11 percent by 2023. Bemidji's present population
density is 14.8 people per square mile, as reported by Wenck, which the firm
considers low.

As the population grows, so too will the amount of waste produced. However, Swor
said, Beltrami County produced a per capita rate of 0.65 tons of solid waste per
person per year in 2011; the average for Minnesota was 1.06. Beltrami County's
number was 0.64 tons in 2012.

"Beltrami County is doing a really good job so far at waste reduction," Swor
said. "Landfilling has been steadily decreasing."

Beltrami County partners with Clearwater, Mahnomen, Norman and Polk counties to
service northwestern Minnesota. Materials that are not recycled are disposed of
at the Polk County facility. Steam collected from incineration of waste is used
to heat the facility in Fosston and distributed to steam customers in the
Fosston Industrial Park. Additional steam is routed through a steam-powered
turbine generator to produce electricity.

"It's good to have this sort of regional cooperation, especially in more rural
counties that don't have the population base that can drive the economies," Swor
said.

A landfill in Gwinner, N.D., is also used for final disposal of non-recycled
materials. Beltrami County is also part of a 10-county Northwest Minnesota
Household Hazardous Waste network, which Swor said can accept anything with a
skull and cross bones on it.

Potential developments to reach Wenck's recycling goal include curbside
recycling in Bemidji and an expansion of the Fosston facility.

For more information on recycling in Beltrami County, visit
http://bit.ly/1gKO3cw.

___ (c)2014 The Bemidji Pioneer (Bemidji, Minn.) Visit The Bemidji Pioneer
(Bemidji, Minn.) at www.bemidjipioneer.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140205-JI-Saving-green-Beltrami-commissioners-discuss-waste-management
-plan-0205-20140205

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JI


                         Copyright 2014 Bemidji Pioneer


                              185 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                         Glasgow Daily Times (Kentucky)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             May 26, 2016 Thursday

Glasgow gets grant to help with hazardous waste collection

BYLINE: Melinda J. Overstreet, Glasgow Daily Times, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 544 words


May 26--GLASGOW -- The City of Glasgow has once again been awarded grant funds
to help with household hazardous waste collection and its recycling program,
according to a recent announcement from the Kentucky Division of Waste
Management.

The city will receive $10,500 for HHW collection of a total $661,928.14
statewide, and $34,358 for recycling out of more than $3.72 million across the
commonwealth.

A total of 45 recycling and 27 HHW grants were awarded, as well as one
composting pilot project grant, according to the Division of Waste Management
press release.

The City of Tompkinsville in Monroe County is slated to get $89,003.16 for
recycling.

"The purpose of these grants is to expand recycling, reduce the amount of solid
waste going into landfills and improve the environmental management of household
hazardous waste, which includes electronic scrap and mercury from homes
throughout the Commonwealth," the press release says. "Grant awards come from
the Kentucky Pride Fund, which is generated by a $1.75 fee for each ton of
municipal solid waste disposed of in Kentucky landfills. Total funding for the
73 grants is $4.519,210."

All of the grants require a 25 percent local match from the recipients in the
form of cash or "in kind" personnel, educational activities or advertising to
promote the program. Glasgow usually contributes labor hours and the
availability of equipment as at least part of its in-kind match.

The HHW collection day, which is usually paired now with a free shredding
service that is paid for with separate funding, has become a popular staple for
Glasgow residents. This will be at least four years the city has organized the
effort.

More than 6 tons of material were collected at Glasgow's annual HHW event in
2014, and that was with cold, rainy weather, grant oversight manager April
Russell has told the Glasgow Daily Times. Attempts Wednesday to reach Russell
for updated information on last year's participation were unsuccessful.

The types of things residents can take to these events for proper disposal
include aerosols; oil-based paints and solvents; herbicides and pesticides;
neutral liquids and miscellaneous cleaners; corrosives (acids and bases);
reactives and oxidizers; biomedical sharps; oil and antifreeze; batteries --
mixed household; mercury devices; fluorescent lamps; televisions; miscellaneous
electronic scrap; propane cylinders (less than 30 pounds); fire extinguishers;
PCB ballasts; and smoke detectors.

Such efforts help keep those pollutants from area waterways, the city-owned
landfill and open dumps. Barren County's karst topography allows drainage from
open dumps to directly affect the streams, rivers and lakes, Russell has told
the Daily Times.

Pollution prevention measures are particularly important in Barren County, one
of the largest producers in Kentucky of dairy and beef cattle, Russell said.

All types of recycling also help reduce the volume of items in the landfill,
which helps lengthen its life, thus saving the city -- and its taxpayers --
money, because then it does not have to open new portions of landfill as often.

___ (c)2016 the Glasgow Daily Times (Glasgow, Ky.) Visit the Glasgow Daily Times
(Glasgow, Ky.) at www.glasgowdailytimes.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160526-GK-Glasgow-gets-grant
-to-help-with-hazardous-waste-collection-0526-20160526

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GK


                       Copyright 2016 Glasgow Daily Times


                              186 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 21, 2011 Wednesday

Lucas County solid-waste plan nixed by Waterville council

BYLINE: Janet Romaker, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 419 words


Sept. 21--Waterville City Council has voted against approval of the Lucas County
Solid Waste Management District's draft plan that proposes increasing
collections $2 in 2012 to $5.20 per ton on solid waste, and adding a $5-per-year
assessment on homes and businesses in 2014.

"The county's plan is a raw deal for Waterville and will continue the
deterioration of Lucas County," said Mayor Derek Merrin. "The plan will increase
recycling costs and implement a new tax. I will not sign off on a bad plan due
to being cajoled by the dangling of potential grants. It's a matter of
principle."

Also voting no was Councilman Mike Metzger.

"I take issue with the procedure in which this item was brought before the
Waterville council. In effect it was passed before the Waterville Council even
saw it. Once the larger municipality had voted on it, Waterville became so much
extra poundage. While I admire those council members who voted for the measure,
in my case there is a principle at stake. I feel that the citizens of Waterville
expect more from me than to be a rubber stamp," he responded when asked by The
Blade why he voted against the draft plan.

Mr. Metzger was referring to Toledo City Council's vote to approve the Lucas
County Solid Waste Management District's draft amended plan which meant that no
matter how Waterville voted, the measure would still go into effect.

The Lucas County Solid Waste Management District has been successful in reducing
landfill waste, but that has resulted in less revenue.

To offset that continual decrease in landfill waste, officials are proposing the
increase.

Jim Shaw, Lucas County sanitary engineer, told city officials last month that
the county commissioners and Toledo City Council had approved the amended plan,
and that Toledo's approval allows the draft plan to meet criteria for
ratification because of that city's population.

Waterville Councilman Ann Cherry said she's not happy about not having a voice
in the process but said she would vote for the amended plan so as to not close
the door on future grants.

Mr. Shaw told city officials last month that the solid waste management district
has had to cut some services and one thing it is trying to reinstitute is
community grants.

Also voting no was Councilman Jim Valtin.

Voting yes were Councilmen Cherry and John Gouttiere.

Councilmen Tim Guzman and Jeff Marty were absent.

-- Janet Romaker

___ (c)2011 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110921-TO-Lucas-County-solid-waste
-plan-nixed-by-Waterville-council-0921-20110921

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2011 The Blade


                              187 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                   November 24, 1990, Saturday, City Edition

Oil recycling plan recognized

BYLINE: ROBERT KEEFE

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 363 words

DATELINE: BROOKSVILLE



It's a dirty, grimy job, and Hernando County is one of the best at it.

    Each week, the county, with the help of sanitation company Waste Management
Inc., collects 300 to 500 gallons of used motor oil from Hernando County
households.

    That is more than 20 times the amount of oil collected weekly at Hernando's
Croom Landfill before the county started a curbside waste oil collection and
recycling program this year, said Frank Wentzel, the county's solid waste
director.

    Earlier this week, the Florida Petroleum Council and the state Department of
Environmental Regulation gave special recognition to the county for the program
and for its efforts to promote the recycling of used motor oil in Florida.

    When Hernando County started its curbside waste oil collection program in
January, it became the first county in the state to do so, Wentzel said.



   Before then, environmentally sensitive mechanics deposited only about 15
gallons of oil each week at the Croom Landfill and at a separate waste
collection station on State Road 595 in Weeki Wachee.

     On the first day of the curbside collection program, about 50 gallons of
waste oil was collected, Wentzel said.

    The program has grown steadily since.

    Now, Waste Management each week collects enough used oil to fill 250 to 500
automobiles.

    The company, with specially equipped trucks, picks up oil set aside in
sealed, plastic containers along its regular routes.

    The oil is taken to the landfill, where it eventually is picked up by
recycling companies that specialize in hazardous waste.

    Wentzel started the waste oil recycling program with the help of $ 25,000 in
state grant money, which was used mainly to buy storage tanks at the landfill.

    The grant money was made available as part of the state Solid Waste
Management Act of 1988, which prohibits disposal of used motor oil in landfills.


    State officials have estimated that some 4.5-million gallons of used motor
oil is dumped illegally throughout the state each year.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: HERNANDO TIMES; PASCO TIMES

                            Times Publishing Company


                              188 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           The Times of Central Asia

                            April 2, 2014 Wednesday

European donors support solid waste management in south Kyrgyzstan

LENGTH: 284  words


The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) is considering
providing a loan of up to EUR 1.5 million to finance critical solid waste
investments for the city of Jalalabad in southern Kyrgyzstan and six neighboring
municipalities of Atabekov, Barpy, Tash-Bulak, Yrys, Kyzyl-Tuu, and Suzak.

It is expected that the European Investment Bank would provide an up to EUR 2.5
million co-financing loan and that the EU's Investment Facility for Central Asia
(IFCA) would provide EUR 4 million in the form of a grant, the EBRD said.

The proceeds of the loans and the grant will finance urgently needed sanitary
landfill, closure of the existing dumpsite, and upgrade of collection and
transportation system. The project will result in an improved level of solid
waste services and environmental improvements in the city of Jalalabad and the
municipalities.

Last year, the EBRD provided a loan of EUR 11 million and a grant of EUR 3
million for the project to help the Kyrgyz capital Bishkek to improve its solid
waste services, establish new solid waste collection points throughout the city,
upgrade the collection fleet, build an urgently needed sanitary landfill - the
first EU compliant landfill in the region - and close the existing waste dump.

An additional grant of EUR 8 million was expected to be provided by an
international donor for the benefit of the municipal solid waste company Tazalyk
and a special purpose company which will manage the new landfill.

In addition to these funds, the EBRD, the EU and the Czech Republic are
providing close to EUR 2 million for technical assistance. The assistance will
comprise corporate development for Tazalyk and the new landfill management
company.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Times of Central Asia
                              All Rights Reserved


                              189 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 3, 2016 Monday

South Dakota: Governor announces $23,900 for Seneca Project

LENGTH: 191  words

DATELINE: New York



 Potter: Potter County of South Dakota has issued the following news release:



 Gov. Dennis Daugaard said the state Board of Water and Natural Resources has
approved a $23,900 Solid Waste Management Program grant to Seneca for dump site
cleanup, remediation and closure.



 The grant will be administered through the Department of Environment and
Natural Resources.

 "I am pleased to announce that Seneca will receive this assistance," said Gov.
Daugaard. "This will help the town properly close its disposal site in an
environmentally safe manner."

 Seneca seeks to close its disposal site. The town no longer has the capacity to
operate or accept waste materials at the site.

 The estimated cost of the project is $29,880.

 The Solid Waste Management Program provides grants and loans for solid waste
disposal, recycling and waste tire projects. The Legislature annually
appropriates dedicated funding for the Solid Waste program through the
Governor's Omnibus Water Funding Bill.

 The board met Monday over the Digital Dakota Network.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              190 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 3, 2016 Monday

South Dakota: Governor announces $23,900 for Seneca Project

LENGTH: 191  words

DATELINE: New York



 Potter: Potter County of South Dakota has issued the following news release:



 Gov. Dennis Daugaard said the state Board of Water and Natural Resources has
approved a $23,900 Solid Waste Management Program grant to Seneca for dump site
cleanup, remediation and closure.



 The grant will be administered through the Department of Environment and
Natural Resources.

 "I am pleased to announce that Seneca will receive this assistance," said Gov.
Daugaard. "This will help the town properly close its disposal site in an
environmentally safe manner."

 Seneca seeks to close its disposal site. The town no longer has the capacity to
operate or accept waste materials at the site.

 The estimated cost of the project is $29,880.

 The Solid Waste Management Program provides grants and loans for solid waste
disposal, recycling and waste tire projects. The Legislature annually
appropriates dedicated funding for the Solid Waste program through the
Governor's Omnibus Water Funding Bill.

 The board met Monday over the Digital Dakota Network.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              191 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 1, 2016 Saturday

South Dakota: Governor announces $23,900 for Seneca Project

LENGTH: 191  words

DATELINE: New York



 Potter: Potter County of South Dakota has issued the following news release:



 Gov. Dennis Daugaard said the state Board of Water and Natural Resources has
approved a $23,900 Solid Waste Management Program grant to Seneca for dump site
cleanup, remediation and closure.



 The grant will be administered through the Department of Environment and
Natural Resources.

 "I am pleased to announce that Seneca will receive this assistance," said Gov.
Daugaard. "This will help the town properly close its disposal site in an
environmentally safe manner."

 Seneca seeks to close its disposal site. The town no longer has the capacity to
operate or accept waste materials at the site.

 The estimated cost of the project is $29,880.

 The Solid Waste Management Program provides grants and loans for solid waste
disposal, recycling and waste tire projects. The Legislature annually
appropriates dedicated funding for the Solid Waste program through the
Governor's Omnibus Water Funding Bill.

 The board met Monday over the Digital Dakota Network.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              192 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 1, 2016 Saturday

South Dakota: Governor announces $23,900 for Seneca Project

LENGTH: 191  words

DATELINE: New York



 Potter: Potter County of South Dakota has issued the following news release:



 Gov. Dennis Daugaard said the state Board of Water and Natural Resources has
approved a $23,900 Solid Waste Management Program grant to Seneca for dump site
cleanup, remediation and closure.



 The grant will be administered through the Department of Environment and
Natural Resources.

 "I am pleased to announce that Seneca will receive this assistance," said Gov.
Daugaard. "This will help the town properly close its disposal site in an
environmentally safe manner."

 Seneca seeks to close its disposal site. The town no longer has the capacity to
operate or accept waste materials at the site.

 The estimated cost of the project is $29,880.

 The Solid Waste Management Program provides grants and loans for solid waste
disposal, recycling and waste tire projects. The Legislature annually
appropriates dedicated funding for the Solid Waste program through the
Governor's Omnibus Water Funding Bill.

 The board met Monday over the Digital Dakota Network.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              193 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 30, 2016 Friday

South Dakota: Governor announces $23,900 for Seneca Project

LENGTH: 191  words

DATELINE: New York



 Potter: Potter County of South Dakota has issued the following news release:



 Gov. Dennis Daugaard said the state Board of Water and Natural Resources has
approved a $23,900 Solid Waste Management Program grant to Seneca for dump site
cleanup, remediation and closure.



 The grant will be administered through the Department of Environment and
Natural Resources.

 "I am pleased to announce that Seneca will receive this assistance," said Gov.
Daugaard. "This will help the town properly close its disposal site in an
environmentally safe manner."

 Seneca seeks to close its disposal site. The town no longer has the capacity to
operate or accept waste materials at the site.

 The estimated cost of the project is $29,880.

 The Solid Waste Management Program provides grants and loans for solid waste
disposal, recycling and waste tire projects. The Legislature annually
appropriates dedicated funding for the Solid Waste program through the
Governor's Omnibus Water Funding Bill.

 The board met Monday over the Digital Dakota Network.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              194 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 30, 2016 Friday

South Dakota: Governor announces $23,900 for Seneca Project

LENGTH: 191  words

DATELINE: New York



 Potter: Potter County of South Dakota has issued the following news release:



 Gov. Dennis Daugaard said the state Board of Water and Natural Resources has
approved a $23,900 Solid Waste Management Program grant to Seneca for dump site
cleanup, remediation and closure.



 The grant will be administered through the Department of Environment and
Natural Resources.

 "I am pleased to announce that Seneca will receive this assistance," said Gov.
Daugaard. "This will help the town properly close its disposal site in an
environmentally safe manner."

 Seneca seeks to close its disposal site. The town no longer has the capacity to
operate or accept waste materials at the site.

 The estimated cost of the project is $29,880.

 The Solid Waste Management Program provides grants and loans for solid waste
disposal, recycling and waste tire projects. The Legislature annually
appropriates dedicated funding for the Solid Waste program through the
Governor's Omnibus Water Funding Bill.

 The board met Monday over the Digital Dakota Network.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              195 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday

South Dakota: Governor announces $23,900 for Seneca Project

LENGTH: 191  words

DATELINE: New York



 Potter: Potter County of South Dakota has issued the following news release:



 Gov. Dennis Daugaard said the state Board of Water and Natural Resources has
approved a $23,900 Solid Waste Management Program grant to Seneca for dump site
cleanup, remediation and closure.



 The grant will be administered through the Department of Environment and
Natural Resources.

 "I am pleased to announce that Seneca will receive this assistance," said Gov.
Daugaard. "This will help the town properly close its disposal site in an
environmentally safe manner."

 Seneca seeks to close its disposal site. The town no longer has the capacity to
operate or accept waste materials at the site.

 The estimated cost of the project is $29,880.

 The Solid Waste Management Program provides grants and loans for solid waste
disposal, recycling and waste tire projects. The Legislature annually
appropriates dedicated funding for the Solid Waste program through the
Governor's Omnibus Water Funding Bill.

 The board met Monday over the Digital Dakota Network.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              196 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 29, 2016 Thursday

South Dakota: Governor announces $23,900 for Seneca Project

LENGTH: 191  words

DATELINE: New York



 Potter: Potter County of South Dakota has issued the following news release:



 Gov. Dennis Daugaard said the state Board of Water and Natural Resources has
approved a $23,900 Solid Waste Management Program grant to Seneca for dump site
cleanup, remediation and closure.



 The grant will be administered through the Department of Environment and
Natural Resources.

 "I am pleased to announce that Seneca will receive this assistance," said Gov.
Daugaard. "This will help the town properly close its disposal site in an
environmentally safe manner."

 Seneca seeks to close its disposal site. The town no longer has the capacity to
operate or accept waste materials at the site.

 The estimated cost of the project is $29,880.

 The Solid Waste Management Program provides grants and loans for solid waste
disposal, recycling and waste tire projects. The Legislature annually
appropriates dedicated funding for the Solid Waste program through the
Governor's Omnibus Water Funding Bill.

 The board met Monday over the Digital Dakota Network.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              197 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    November 25, 1990, Sunday, City Edition

Hernando County oil recycling plan recognized

BYLINE: ROBERT KEEFE

SECTION: CITRUS TIMES; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 362 words

DATELINE: BROOKSVILLE



It's a dirty, grimy job, and Hernando County is one of the best at it.

    Each week, the county, with the help of sanitation company Waste Management
Inc., collects 300 to 500 gallons of used motor oil from Hernando County
households.

    That is more than 20 times the amount of oil collected weekly at Hernando's
Croom Landfill before the county started a curb-side waste oil collection and
recycling program this year, said Frank Wentzel, the county's solid waste
director.

    Earlier this week, the Florida Petroleum Council and the state Department of
Environmental Regulation gave special recognition to the county for the program
and for its efforts to promote the recycling of used motor oil in Florida.

    When Hernando County started its curb-side waste oil collection program in
January, it became the first county in the state to do so, Wentzel said.

    Before then, environmentally sensitive mechanics deposited only about 15
gallons of oil each week at the Croom Landfill and at a separate waste
collection station on State Road 595 in Weeki Wachee.

     On the first day of the curb-side collection program, about 50 gallons of
waste oil was collected, Wentzel said.

    The program has grown steadily since.

    Now, Waste Management each week collects enough used oil to fill 250 to 500
automobiles.

    The company, with specially equipped trucks, picks up oil set aside in
sealed, plastic containers along its regular routes.

    The oil is taken to the landfill, where it eventually is picked up by
recycling companies that specialize in hazardous waste.

    Wentzel started the waste oil recycling program with the help of $ 25,000 in
state grant money, which was used mainly to buy storage tanks at the landfill.

    The grant money was made available as part of the state Solid Waste
Management Act of 1988, which prohibits disposal of used motor oil in landfills.


    State officials have estimated that some 4.5-million gallons of used motor
oil is dumped illegally throughout the state each year.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITRUS TIMES

                            Times Publishing Company


                              198 of 995 DOCUMENTS



             The Morgan Messenger (Berkely Springs, West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                December 9, 2010

Solid Waste Authority gets $12,000 award

BYLINE: The Morgan Messenger staff

LENGTH: 174  words


"The West Virginia Solid Waste Management Board recently announced that solid
waste authorities throughout the state have been awarded grants totaling
$300,000.

Morgan County Solid Waste Authority (MCSWA) was awarded $12,000 to assist with
the day-to-day administrative operations of the county recycling program.

MCSWA Chair, Bennett Lentczner, expressed his gratitude to the WV-SWMB by
commenting that the MCSWA "is appreciative of the support provided by the state
to allow us to continue our recycling efforts in Morgan County."

This funding was made possible entirely through the assessment fees paid on the
tonnage of waste disposed of in state landfills.

SWMB support provides assistance financially through assessment fees and grants,
technically with planning and grant applications, consulting with program
development and implementation and training through grant administration. Their
ultimate goal is to "provide the tools to help make SWA's as successful as
possible in meeting the statutory obligations in accordance with state codes."

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MGM

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                                 Copyright 2010


                              199 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                              The Nation (AsiaNet)

                           November 10, 2016 Thursday

Citizens feeling change after local govt took office: Vohra

SECTION: Vol. 30 No. 247

LENGTH: 348  words


Deputy Mayor Karachi Dr Arshad Vohra said on Wednesday that despite being a port
city, Karachi had no share in the taxes collected from its citizens.

Briefing the participants of 22nd Mid-Career Management Course of the National
Institute of Management Lahore, who visited KMC's head office, Vohra said,
"Municipal problems in the metropolis increased due to the absence of elected
representatives for many years. However, only two months after the elected
representatives took office, people have begun to feel the change."

Municipal Commissioner Dr Badar Jameel, Financial Advisor Khalid Mehmood Sheikh,
Municipal Services Director Masood Alam and other officers were also present on
the occasion.

Referring to the significance of Karachi, the deputy mayor said this corporate
and industrial hub of Pakistan provided livelihoods to millions of people who
came from every part of the country and settled here in search of better
prospects.

He said that solid waste management had been a major issue in Karachi. "Unlike
Punjab where separate solid waste management boards were formed for seven
cities, only one solid waste management board has been established here, which
has to dispose of the garbage of the whole province," he informed.

He said after the conclusion of Octroi system, KMC had started receiving
matching grant which had never been revised. "And still we are getting the same
old grant," he complained.

Vohra further said that no one could imagine progress without taking on board
the local people.

"Therefore, the present leadership of Karachi is making it sure to consult and
take guidance from people of the city in every sector of public life," he added.

He said KMC was giving a priority to public service works, such as the fire
brigade which, he said, was being developed on modern lines.

"With the induction of two latest fire-fighting vehicles to our fire brigade
recently, which we were gifted by Japan and the offer of another one, we hope
our fire brigade will do even better in future," he hoped.

Participants of the course later visited the historical KMC Council Hall.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Nawai Waqt Group of Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              200 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                      The Mt. Zion Region News (Illinois)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 12, 2011

Illinois EPA Awards Solid Waste Enforcement Grants;
Local governments partner with Agency to manage wastes

BYLINE: Mt. Zion Region News staff

LENGTH: 359  words


Illinois EPA interim director Lisa Bonnett has announced 19 grant awards to
local governments across the state to be used to conduct inspections at
permitted pollution control facilities, such as landfills, and to investigate
citizen complaints about illegal dumping.

To be eligible to receive a solid waste enforcement grant, local governments
must first enter into delegation agreements with the Illinois EPA, in which they
agree to hire and train landfill inspectors under the state's certification
requirements.

"Local government officials are more familiar with their communities, and can
respond to complaints in a timely manner," said Bonnett. "This partnership
benefits the public and the Agency."

The Illinois EPA has partnered with local governments since 1987 to oversee
waste management facilities and enforce open dumping laws in Illinois.

Local governments that have received funding for use in State Fiscal Year 2012
(through June 30, 2012) are:

Grantees Total Budget Grant Award

Ambraw Valley Solid Waste Agency $106,806 $44,997

Christian County $130,147 $76,748

Chicago, City of $334,022 $142,326

DuPage County $74,015 $49,805

Jackson County $129,359 $78,132

Lake County $187,482 $91,491

LaSalle County $175,103 $89,110

Macon County $71,154 $46,264

Madison County $274,998 $123,034

McHenry County $68,000 $41,622

Montgomery County $87,062 $39,787

Ogle County $117,361 $56,309

Perry County $67,554 $36,168

Sangamon County $239,951 $153,905

St. Clair County $300,032 $169,668

Tazewell County $118,551 $64,017

Vermilion County $75,000 $45,000

Wayne County $46,605 $32,623

Will County $304,304 $146,248

With the delegation agreements, the Illinois EPA delegates some of its authority
to inspect solid waste management facilities to counties, the Ambraw Valley
Solid Waste Agency (for Crawford, Richland and Lawrence counties) and the City
of Chicago. These agencies are authorized to conduct many of the duties within
their political boundaries that would otherwise be performed by the Illinois EPA
including, investigating violations of land pollution laws and reports of open
dumping and inspection of permitted landfills, transfer stations and compost
facilities.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MTZ

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2011 The Mt. Zion Region News


                              201 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 23, 2016 Tuesday

Family Resource Network Awarded $5,000 Waste Management Think Green Grant

LENGTH: 279  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Bridgeport has issued the following news release:



 Waste Management Inc. of West Virginia announced Saturday, August, 20, 2016
that the 2016 recipient of the $5,000 Waste Management Think Green Grant was The
Family Resource Network.





 The funds will be used to continue the growth and utilization of The Margaret
McCoy Community Garden and The Broadway Community Garden in Clarksburg, WV.



 The Waste Management Think Green® Grants are part of the environmental services
company's commitment to encourage the development and sustainability of
environmental solutions that improve a community's environment. The merit-based
grant program supports projects that are implemented to address community needs.




 "Waste Management is pleased to support a variety of projects and programs over
the years throughout West Virginia to advance sustainability, increase recycling
rates and environmental education, and beautify our communities," said Amanda
Marks-Cunningham, public affairs coordinator for Waste Management Inc. of West
Virginia.  "These efforts are a true community partnerships. Our team will work
alongside the grant recipient to implement a successful program."



 The Think Green Grant program is a long standing Waste Management program.
Multiple environmental projects across the mountain state have been awarded a
total of $25,000 over the past five years in Think Green Grant awards. The Think
Green Grants demonstrate Waste Management's commitment to being a community
partner, supporting efforts lead by local community leaders.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              202 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 22, 2016 Monday

Family Resource Network Awarded $5,000 Waste Management Think Green Grant

LENGTH: 279  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Bridgeport has issued the following news release:



 Waste Management Inc. of West Virginia announced Saturday, August, 20, 2016
that the 2016 recipient of the $5,000 Waste Management Think Green Grant was The
Family Resource Network.





 The funds will be used to continue the growth and utilization of The Margaret
McCoy Community Garden and The Broadway Community Garden in Clarksburg, WV.



 The Waste Management Think Green® Grants are part of the environmental services
company's commitment to encourage the development and sustainability of
environmental solutions that improve a community's environment. The merit-based
grant program supports projects that are implemented to address community needs.




 "Waste Management is pleased to support a variety of projects and programs over
the years throughout West Virginia to advance sustainability, increase recycling
rates and environmental education, and beautify our communities," said Amanda
Marks-Cunningham, public affairs coordinator for Waste Management Inc. of West
Virginia.  "These efforts are a true community partnerships. Our team will work
alongside the grant recipient to implement a successful program."



 The Think Green Grant program is a long standing Waste Management program.
Multiple environmental projects across the mountain state have been awarded a
total of $25,000 over the past five years in Think Green Grant awards. The Think
Green Grants demonstrate Waste Management's commitment to being a community
partner, supporting efforts lead by local community leaders.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              203 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                              July 18, 2005 Monday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

WOMAN GETS HONORS FOR COMMUNITY BETTERMENT

BYLINE: By Alex Dobuzinskis Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. N4

LENGTH: 350 words


Local activist Vicki Burch thought her neighborhood needed more trees, so she
used a $1,000 grant from the company that operates her nearby landfill to plant
five trees on Sunland Boulevard.

On Sunday, that company, Waste Management Inc., honored Burch and other grant
recipients who have improved their school or neighborhoods. The company had
given the 14 people and community organizations a total of $14,000 to do the
local community work.

Burch, a retiree, took on her project after learning how tree-poor the city is.

``It was some public meeting, and I heard we only have 25 percent of the street
trees we should have, and I said, 'That's disgusting - let's do something about
it,''' Burch said.

Sun Valley Middle School used its $1,000 to do some planting, clean up trash and
paint a recycling-themed mural.

``It's just helping the community by (encouraging) recycling,'' said student
Edwin Soto-Saucedo, who has worked on the mural.

Waste Management's recognition of the 14 grant recipients was part of an open
house at its Bradley Landfill. About 450 people attended.

Visitors could go on a motorized tour of the landfill and meet a hawk and a
falcon used to protect residential areas by warding off trash-carrying sea gulls
and ravens. There were also three search and rescue dogs that train at the site,
where trashed movie sets are used to simulate collapsed buildings.

Waste Management is hoping to win community support for its plan to both build a
recycling center on the Bradley Landfill site and expand the dump by 43 vertical
feet.

Virginia Beck, a Neighborhood Watch captain and retired bank worker, used her
$1,000 grant to clear trash and weeds from a residential alleyway in Sun Valley.

``Lots of hard work, but very rewarding,'' she said.

Other grant recipients included Sol del Valle Community Center; Victory Outreach
Women's House; Faith Bible Church; Colfax Elementary; John Francis Polytechnic
High; the Lake View Terrace Improvement Association; and the LAPD Foothill
station's Jeopardy Program and Police Explorers unit.

Alex Dobuzinskis, (818) 546-3304

alex.dobuzinskis@dailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 Digital First Media


                              204 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            The Tribune, Elkin, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 11, 2011 Friday

Single stream recycling a success for Town of Elkin

BYLINE: Kristin Zachary, The Tribune, Elkin, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 468 words


Feb. 11--Elkin residents have embraced the town's recycling program with
collections up over 150 percent over the last 12 months.

That was the news reported by the town's Public Works Director Robert Fuller
during a recent department head meeting with the town's commissioners.

According to Fuller, the private contractor, Waste Management, Inc., which does
the curbside pick-ups reported it collected 20.30 tons of recyclables through
the grant-funded Roll Out Recycle Cart Program in December, up 12.21 tons, or
nearly 151 percent, from the previous December total of 8.09 tons.

The collections were much better than expected when the program rolled out in
November, said Fuller.

"Waste Management reports to us that the roll-out carts will increase the
productivity (of recycling) by 20 percent," said Fuller.

The 150 percent increase in collections was unexpected and Fuller is interested
to see the total for January.

That success, however, has been accomplished during a transition period which
had some residents confused about when pick-ups would occur.

"It's been a rough couple of months with changing from the recycling bins to the
recycling carts, but so far, I've been really pleased with the amount we've
recycled," Fuller said.

Waste Management picks up recyclables every other Monday for residents on the
east side of Bridge Street and every other Wednesday for residents on the west
side of Bridge Street. Downtown and Market Street also have pick-up on
Wednesday.

When a holiday falls on the scheduled collection day, recyclables will be
collected the following day. The 2011 collection dates calendar can be found in
the links section of the Town of Elkin website, http://elkinnc.org.

The Public Works department applied for a State Solid Waste Trust grant in May
and was notified of approval of a $42,500 grant in July.

"The carts cost $37.50 each and the grant paid $25 toward each cart. The roll
out carts will serve Elkin residents much better in allowing all the acceptable
recyclable materials to be placed inside of the cart and rolled to the curb for
pick-up," said Fuller.

Cart distribution occurred in November after Fuller received the order he placed
for 1,700 65-gallon roll out carts. To date, 1,150 carts have been delivered and
grant funds received total $38,250.

The new containers, equipped with lids and wheels, replaced the 18-gallon
receptacles the town previously had in place.

For questions, call the public works and utilities department at 835-9818.

To see more of The Tribune, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.elkintribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Tribune, Elkin, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110211-VN-Single-stream-recycling-a-success-for-Town-of-Elkin-0211-20110211

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VN


                                 Copyright 2011


                              205 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                            Sudan News Agency (SUNA)

                           February 20, 2014 Thursday

Japan extends grant of 15 million dollars to Khartoum State to improve solid
waste management

LENGTH: 181  words


Khartoum, Feb. 20 (SUNA) - The Minister of Finance and National Economy
Badr-Eddin Mahmoud Abbas has signed with the Japanes Ambassador in Khartoum
memos on a grant of 15 million dollars extended by the Japanese government to
Khartoum State to improve the solid waste management.The grant also comprises 80
dump trucks, 3 bulldozers and and 2 diggers along construction of a number of
fully equipped workshops in Khartoum State.In addition to the grant, the
Japanese government has also provided two million dollars for a three-year
technical co-operation project to strengthen the capacity of the Ministry of
Environment , Forests and Urban Development in Khartoum state in solid waste
management in collaboration with a team of experts form the Japanes
International Cooperation Agency ( JICA ), which will arrive in Sudan in the
coming period to start working with their counterparts in the Sudan in the
ministry and the state to improve the management of solid waste .BH/BHCopyright
© 2014 by: Sudan News Agency.All Right Reserved Provided by Syndigate.info, an
Albawaba.com company

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 391


                        Copyright 2014 Sudan News Agency
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              206 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                             May 13, 2015 Wednesday

EBRD finances Kvemo Kartli solid waste management project in Georgia

SECTION: WASTE COLLECTION; New Projects

LENGTH: 233 words



HIGHLIGHT: The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) has
agreed to provide [#x20ac]7m loan to improve solid waste management in Kvemo
Kartli, Georgia.


A solid-waste management system will be introduced to collect and dispose
municipal solid waste in the southern region of Kvemo Kartli.

The Swedish International Development Cooperation Agency (SIDA) will provide a
grant funding of [#x20ac]3m.

The municipalities, Marneuli, Bolnisi, Dmanisi, Tetritskaro and Tsalka, will
receive a new landfill and have specialized vehicles, containers and other
equipment.

SIDA provided the required funds for the project preparation, including the
feasibility study.

Post the loan signing, the agency will also provide funding for project
implementation support services, a corporate development programme, stakeholder
participation.

The funding will also be offered for a municipality support programme and an
environmental impact assessment.

EBRD president Suma Chakrabarti said: "We know that solid waste management is a
key priority for Georgia. The Bank is happy to help address this issue through
the Kvemo Kartli project, which is a very good example of international
cooperation.

"We hope it sets an important industry pattern, which will be replicated in
other municipalities across the country."

The EBRD has to date invested about [#x20ac]2.6bn in more than 178 projects in
Georgia.

Image: A solid-waste management system will collect and dispose municipal solid
waste in the southern region of Kvemo Kartli. Photo: courtesy of European Bank
for Reconstruction and Development.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              207 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                           October 31, 2013 Thursday

Burkina Faso - Sub-Project 1- Drainage of Ouagadougous Outlying Districts
(SPAQPO)

LENGTH: 437  words


Project Start: 2010
Project End: December 2017
Project Status: Active
Project Phase: Approved
Project Location: Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso
Project Value: US $56.73 million (UA 36.98 million)


Facility Type: Drainage and Solid Waste Management
Capacity: Entire length (4,140 m), 68 solid-waste collection and sorting centres
and the development of 22 landfill cells
Scope of Work:
Sub-Project 1- Drainage of Ouagadougous Outlying Districts (SPAQPO).
Background:
The sub-project was approved by the African Development Bank Group. Based on
studies conducted by the African Water Facility in 2012, the sub-project aims to
tackle drainage and solid waste management issues, and constitutes the backbone
of all future operations in the sector.
The projected outcomes include: (i) development of the entire length (4,140 m)
of the Mogho Naaba backwater and its tributaries; (ii) the construction of 68
solid-waste collection and sorting centres; and (iii) the development of 22
landfill cells.
The sub-project focuses on the outlying districts where approximately 890,000
people or 45% of the city  s population live. On completion, the project is
expected to significantly reduce recurrent floods in these districts during the
rainy season.
It will also help to: (i) improve solid waste management; (ii) create over 2,160
temporary jobs during the implementation and 1,300 permanent jobs for women and
youths working in the solid waste management system; (iii) reduce the prevalence
of waterborne diseases; and (iv) strengthen Ouagadougou City Council  s
financial capacity.
The monitoring and evaluation system to be implemented will generate relevant
information on the sub-project  s impact on the reduction of floods and
improvement of the people  s living environment. The sub-project will help to
disseminate experiences and best practices in the design, management and
maintenance of drainage facilities.
The sub-project will be implemented over a period of four years at an estimated
cost of US $56.73 million (UA 36.98 million). The African Development Fund (ADF)
grant will cover 89.3% of the overall sub-project cost, while the combined
contributions of the Government (UA 2.87 million) and Ouagadougou City Council
(UA 1.09 million) represent 10.7% of the total cost.
Latest Events: October 2013-
Burkina Faso Receives US $50.66 Million Grant for Drainage of Ouagadougou
Districts.
Project Timeline:
Concept Note Approval - April 2013
Sub-Project Approval - October 2013

Effectiveness November - 2013
Completion - December 2017
ClosureDate/Last Disbursement- June 2018

country :Burkina Faso
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2013 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              208 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

              November 14, 1996, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

WASTE PANEL SEEKS TO DELAY GRANTS

BYLINE: Phil Sutin Of The Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: ZONE NORTH; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 338 words


The St. Louis County Council has been asked to delay appropriating $ 743,841 for
15 waste-reduction grants until the county Waste Management Commission can
discuss how the grants were awarded.

The grants were awarded last month. County officials asked the council last week
for authority to spend the money. The request for a delay was made Monday by Lee
Fox, chairman of the commission, in a letter to County Councilman George "Jerry"
Corcoran, D-St. Ann.

County health officials involved in awarding the grants could not be reached for
comment.

Fox said the commission planned to discuss the situation Wednesday. The
commission serves as an appeals board on requests for landfill permits and
related matters. It can provide advice to county officials. But the commission
has no authority over Joan Bradford, the county's solid-waste coordinator. It
did not participate in the decisions about which agencies would receive grants.

Money for the grants comes from a tipping fee trash haulers have to pay the
county. The fund receiving this money "has a balance in excess of $ 4 million
and the commission is gravely concerned about an apparent lack of clearly
established policies, procedures and oversight concerning these funds," Fox said
in his letter.

Money from the tipping fee also can be used to finance grants for education
about recycling and the proper disposal of household hazardous waste,
development of markets for recycled materials and improvements in the
waste-hauling and landfill industries. The tipping fee also finances the office
of the solid-waste coordinator and enforcement of ordinances dealing with waste
hauling and landfills.

Among municipalities scheduled to receive grants were Brentwood, Clayton,
Chesterfield, Des Peres, Kirkwood, Maplewood, Town and Country, University City
and Webster Groves.

A grant would finance a recycling project in Lemay, and another would pay for
installing a recycled fence and a pathway made of recycled tires at the Wellston
MetroLink stop.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 1996

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1996 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              209 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            October 3, 1993, Sunday

Most are happy with service, efforts to spare landfills Making inroads on a
mounting problem

SECTION: EXTRA; Section J; Page 10

LENGTH: 1433 words


Each week the Gwinnett Extra asks readers to respond to a question of public
interest. Last week's question: How satisfied are you with your sanitation
service and its cost?

Almost three years ago Gwinnett County officials implemented a new sanitation
program allowing residents to shop around for private haulers. The county
changed its waste management system after years of research and extensive input
from county residents.

The county passed the Solid Waste Collection and Disposal Ordinance in 1991. The
ordinance created an "open market franchise system" to allow residents to choose
between competing waste management companies. The ordinance established a
minimum level of service for each company.

The haulers must provide curbside collection of household waste at least once a
week, curbside collection of recyclables at least once every two weeks and
collection of heavy appliances when requested. Connie Wiggins of Gwinnett Clean
& Beautiful reported that the plan the county adopted provides a
checks-and-balances system that requires the haulers to provide a quarterly
report documenting the amount of recyclables collected. The county also has the
authority to audit the haulers at any time. These regulations are intended to
ensure they do recycling.

According to Wiggins, the average cost of garbage collection at the time was $
14.95 a month per household. With the new open-market franchise system in 1991,
the cost per household dropped between $ 8 and $ 13 a month. The current price
per household is between $ 11.50 and $ 14.95 a month.

Snellville making strides to cut waste stream 25%

As of Jan. 1, 1993, Snellville implemented a new sanitation system and
contracted with Mid-American Waste Systems of Georgia through March 31, 1998.
Snellville has, as have other local governments, been mandated by federal and
state laws to reduce waste by 25 percent by 1996.

If we do not strive to reach these mandated goals, the city will lose state and
federal grant money of substantial amounts, money that we have used for city
projects over the years. For instance, last year this grant money helped us to
buy and renovate a building for use as a senior center.

Two years before the new contract was signed, Ms. Elaine Gossett, Snellville's
sanitation director, formed a recycling committee, which later evolved into the
Sanitation Advisory Board. The committee was composed of volunteer citizens with
diversified backgrounds and ages. They studied sanitation systems throughout the
country to determine the best methods available to meet our 25 percent reduction
goal by 1996.

This committee determined that in order to reach our goal, the following
requirements would need to be implemented:

A. Curbside recycling;

B. Elimination of yard trimmings from landfills through recycling/composting;

C. Expansion of the scope of our existing recycling center;

D. A sanitation rate structure based on volume and services required; and

E. A change in a once-a-week garbage pickup.

The mayor and City Council responded to the committee's research, findings and
recommendations by signing a contract with Mid-American that included the
following stipulations:

A. Curbside recycling (18-gallon bin furnished) for residential customers;

B. All yard trimmings hauled to a composting facility and not landfilled. (The
committee found that yard debris comprised 18-20 percent of the volume of waste
per household. They felt that keeping yard trimmings out of the landfill was
essential to reaching the mandated goal.)

C. Expanded services at the recycling center; (Even now the recycling center is
being expanded due to the high volume being brought in.)

D. A 65-gallon wheeled garbage cart provided for each residence; (Studies showed
that this size container was more than adequate for the average family as long
as they recycled. However, if one cart does not provide adequate capacity,
additional carts are available for an additional $ 5 a month fee.)

E. Change to once weekly curbside service. (Again, studies showed that the
65-gallon container was adequate capacity for the average family if they
recycled.)

These main features replaced the old system, which was backyard, twice-weekly
pickup, using your own container, unlimited amounts of garbage and trash taken,
and no curbside service, which encourages recycling. The annual cost has
remained at $ 105.

With a totally new system, we expected many complaints initially. As our
residents have understood and accepted the new system, the complaints have
dropped to a minimum. After monitoring the system for several months, minor
adjustments have been made to better fulfill the needs of Snellville's
residents.

Most rewarding is the success achieved through this system. During the first six
months of the operation, Snellville has collected more than 703 tons of
recyclables and yard trimmings. Additional amounts of yard trimmings have been
kept from being collected because of the promotion of composting. Earlier this
year Snellville was rewarded for its efforts by Gwinnett Clean & Beautiful when
it presented us with the"Local Government of the Year" awardfor 1992.

We've still got a way to go to reach the 25 percent reduction goal, but thanks
to the cooperation of Snellville's citizens, the hard work and dedication of Ms.
Gossett and her staff, the foresight of the Sanitation Advisory Committee and
the professionalism of Mid-American, I feel certain we will reach the mandated
goal.

We are now paying for our past excesses, but I feel that we are aggressively
tackling this problem with the least amount of disruption and cost to obtain the
required end result. I am very satisfied with Snellville's sanitation service
and its costs.

KURT SCHULTZ

Council member in charge of sanitation, Snellville

Recyclables were dumped in with the regular garbage

On our route the recycling truck is supposed to come every other Monday;
however, there was no pickup on Labor Day, so all of us who recycle had four
weeks of material at the curb.

In good faith we washed cans and bottles and milk jugs, checked the numbers on
plastic containers to be sure they were marked No. 1 and No. 2, carried them
daily to recycling bin, and then carried the bin to the street on the designated
day by 7:30 a.m., as specified by Gwinnett Sanitation. We felt good about doing
this to help our environment and our county, as I am sure the rest of the people
did, who are probably not aware of what actually happened to their recyclables.
What a slap in the face to see 18 gallons of carefully prepared materials dumped
in the regular garbage! They probably counted on the fact that most people are
not home at the time the trucks come and those of us who are [home] would not
happen to look.

They contracted to provide this recycling service, and whatever is required in
the way of truck maintenance and/or personnel training and supervision is their
responsibility.

THEDA N. DAVIS, Lilburn

Service is fine, but citizens really need to recycle more

I am generally satisfied with my sanitation company's service, but I would like
to see more recycling in the county. I am really disappointed with the lack of
recycling in Gwinnett County for an obvious reason: It would reduce the amount
of garbage going into the landfill.

I don't think that we can throw our garbage into a pit in the ground hoping in
30 years' time we won't have a problem with our landfills. Recycling will help.
It will mean local landfills will take longer to fill. . . . [This] will stretch
the capacity of landfills, so we will not need any new landfills in Gwinnett
County for a long time.

JOYCE DIEMER, Hoschton

It's great! We pay for only the container, not service

For an older couple with no children at home, our sanitation services are really
great because we simply pay for the container rather than the pickup. Since we
use fewer containers than a family with four children would use, it is really
nice from my standpoint.

SYLVIA SHORT, Duluth

BFI service is unbeatable for residents who recycle

We use BFI Waste Systems and are very pleased. They do recycling. They have one
truck for trash and another truck for recycling. If the workers drop a piece of
garbage, they pick it up . . .

[BFI] . . . provides one large bin for trash and another large bin for
recycling. Pickup is only once a week, but the containers are so big that it
doesn't make a difference. And they are cheaper than the other companies I have
found. Pickup seldom falls on a holiday because it is on Wednesday.

DEBBIE PARSONS, Snellville

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH932920130

GRAPHIC: Photo: For the birds: Birds on the wing find the pickings easy at the
BJ Landfill in Norcross, just off Buford Highway. / CHARLOTTE B. TEAGLE / Staff
Photo: Retreads: Old tires are used as a form of erosion control at this Taylor
County landfill / STAFF Chart: Next week's question What do you think about
Gwinnett's police chief resigning? To respond, please leave an answer on the
Gwinnett Extra Newsline, 222- 2049 or fax an answer to 263-3011 by 4 p.m.
Wednesday.

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              210 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            March 23, 2016 Wednesday

Kulob Solid Waste Sub-project

LENGTH: 559  words


Business sector:Municipal and environmental infrastructure
Notice type:Public
Environmental category:B
PSD disclosed:21 Mar 2016
Project Description : The EBRD is considering supporting the Kulob Soild Waste
Sub-Project. The EBRD would provide a loan of up to USD 2 million to the
municipal solid waste management utility. The Republic of Tajikistan would
provide a sovereign guarantee. This sub-project is being financed as part of a
wider EBRD programme to rehabilitate solid waste management in Tajikistan, the
Tajikistan Solid Waste Framework.


The EBRD will also seek an investment grant from international donor(s) of USD 2
million to facilitate implementation of the sub-project which will address
urgently needed solid waste infrastructure rehabilitation needs.
Project Objectives : The overall objectives of this sub-project are to: (a)
rehabilitate the solid waste infrastructure, which is outdated, and purchase
necessary equipment; and (b) improve financial and operational management of the
municipal solid waste company.
Transition Impact :


Transition Impact of the sub-project would be:
Improved standards of transparency and governance via the introduction of a
Public Service Contract;
Development of a revised tariff methodology and associated tariff amendments and
increased collection rates;
Capacity building of the solid waste management company through the preparation
of a business plan, a Financial and Operational Performance Improvement
Programme (FOPIP), introduction of International Financial Reporting Standards
(IFRS), a management information system (MIS), accounts separation between
landfill and waste collection;
Introduction of a formal consultation process with solid waste services users in
form of a community based stakeholder participation programme;
Moreover, the environmental standards of the project will be substantially
higher than local standards/practices. The project may also achieve inclusion
impact by providing solid waste services to households currently not covered and
improving health and living standards via controlled waste collection and
landfill operations.
Client Information : Special Purpose Vehicle created for this project and wholly
owned by the City.
EBRD Finance Summary : USD 2,000,000.00
A loan of up to USD 2.0 million to the Company under a sovereign guarantee.
Total Project Cost : USD 4,000,000.00
The total project cost is USD 5.4 million including technical cooperation. The
project will be cofinanced by an investment grant from international donor(s).

Environmental and Social Summary : Catergorised B (ESP, 2008). Environmental and
Social Due Diligence (E&S DD) has shown that the Project will result in various
E&S benefits. Potential impacts associated with the Project are expected to be
site specific and readily addressed through standard mitigation measures. An E&S
Action Plan (ESAP) has been developed to ensure that the
Project completion date : 2019-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : REPUBLIC OF TAJIKISTAN

Address : Tajikistan

Country :Tajikistan
Financier : European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD),

Financier address : European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD)


One Exchange Square
London EC2A 2JN
United Kingdom


Website : http://www.ebrd.com /
EBRD Procurement: Tel: +44 20 7338 6794
Email: procurement@ebrd.com

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2016 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              211 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            September 5, 2008 Friday

Wood County recycling effort cuts into landfill income

BYLINE: Jennifer Feehan, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 693 words


Sep. 5--BOWLING GREEN -- More recycling and less trash going into local
landfills means people like Ken Rieman are doing their job.

It also means agencies like the Wood County Solid Waste District, which Mr.
Rieman oversees, are facing tough financial times. The district relies on fees
paid on waste deposited at the two landfills in the county for all of its income
-- and that income is way down.

"It's a schizophrenic existence," Mr. Rieman said.

"On any day we're doing a good job on one side and a bad job on the other side.
It's a trade-off, but what we're trying to do is provide proper disposal options
for people -- some of that is landfill, some of that is reusing and recycling."

This summer, the Wood County commissioners cut $428,000 out of the solid waste
district's $1.6 million budget, in part by eliminating the annual grants the
district gives to local communities to promote and sustain recycling efforts.

"It's kind of a double-edged sword," said Judy Hagen, program coordinator for
Perrysburg's Office of Litter Prevention and Recycling. "In one sense, it's sad
there isn't money for the grants, but in the other sense, you've either
increased recycling or reduced the amount of waste one way or another."

Perrysburg has received numerous grants from the solid waste district over the
years to buy curbside containers for recyclables and signs for its parks that
are made out of recycled materials.

This year, none of the 17 communities who applied for "buy recycled" grants will
get a penny, nor will the seven agencies or municipalities that applied for
capital grants receive any money for bigger-ticket items such as brush chippers.

The solid waste district also cut $60,000 from its equipment budget, $20,000
from its advertising and promotions budget, and suspended for the year a
$105,500 payment to the Wood County Landfill for its operations.

It also will not make a $112,500 payment to a long-term fund created to finance
the eventual closure of the county landfill.

Mr. Rieman said the cuts were necessary to get the district through the year
with enough leftover to start 2009.

He said the district's income is down about 30 percent so far this year.

Trash haulers who deliver solid waste to Waste Management's Evergreen Landfill
in Northwood or to the Wood County Landfill west of Bowling Green pay $2 per ton
to the solid waste district for trash originating in Wood County or out of
state. They pay $4 per ton for trash that comes from out of county.

Those fees -- about 90 percent of which come from the much larger Evergreen
Landfill -- constitute the solid waste district's sole source of income.

Dan Raezer, landfill operations manager at Evergreen, said the landfill has
experienced about a 10 percent yearly decline in tonnage since 2001, which he
attributes largely to the fact that it's less expensive to haul trash to
landfills in nearby Michigan.

This year, tonnage is down about 20 percent, and he said increased recycling and
the overall economic decline are contributing factors. He said Waste Management
is working with companies that are trying to eliminate their use of landfills
altogether through recycling and other methods.

"That's not necessarily bad for us," Mr. Raezer said. "We're involved in
recycling. We're involved in composting. We're not just a landfill."

The change in corporate trash philosophies does have a direct impact on the
solid waste district, though. It's something Mr. Rieman said he will take into
account while planning for 2009.

"I don't see a lot of difference at this point unless somebody tells me the
economy is coming back," he said.

"We'll have to manage with what we've got and kind of maintain a status quo."

Contact Jennifer Feehan at:

jfeehan@theblade.com

or 419-353-5972.

Permanent Link

To see more of The Blade, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.toledoblade.com. Copyright (c) 2008, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080905-TO-Wood-County-recycling-effort-cuts-into-landfill-income-0905

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2008 The Blade


                              212 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            November 6, 2015 Friday

Khujand Solid Waste Sub-project

LENGTH: 577  words


Business sector:Municipal and environmental infrastructure
Notice type:Public
Environmental category:B
Target board date:20 Apr 2016
PSD disclosed:04 Nov 2015
Project Description :  EBRD is considering supporting the Khujand Solid Waste
sub-Project (Phase II) under Tajikistan Solid Waste Framework (the Project). The
proposed transaction builds upon the achievements of the Khujand Solid Waste
Management Project (OpId 41769) (Phase I). Phase I was signed in November 2011
and now close to being completed.


For Phase II EBRD is planning to provide a loan of up to US$ 2.5 million to the
State Unitary Enterprise Khizmatrasonii Naqliyoti Sanitari, a solid waste
management Company in the city of Khujand (the Company). The Republic of
Tajikistan will provide a sovereign guarantee and the city of Khujand, as owner
of the Company, will sign a Project Support Agreement with the Bank and the
Company. EBRD will also seek an investment grant from an international donor of
US$ 2.5 million to facilitate the implementation of the Project.
The proceeds of the Loan and the Grant will be used for the (i) construction of
a modern integrated solid waste treatment facility (the Facility), (ii) further
improvements at the City landfill, (iii) rehabilitation of the remaining waste
collection points in Khujand, and (iv) procurement of waste collection
containers and machinery and equipment.
The key benefits of the Project are better service and environmental standards
due to the: (i) timely and reliable waste collection and transportation
operations, (ii) reduced landfilling, (iii) lower CO2 and methane emissions, and
(iv) introduction of appropriate standards for re-use and recovery of resources.

Project Objectives : The key benefits of the Project are better service and
environmental standards due to the: (i) timely and reliable waste collection and
transportation operations, (ii) reduced landfilling, (iii) lower CO2 and methane
emissions, and (iv) introduction of appropriate standards for re-use and
recovery of resources.
Transition Impact :


Transition Impact of the project would be:
Demonstration effect by introduction of separation and recycling;
Frameworks for markets though further development of tariff methodology,
improvements in collection rates and financial management (including accounting
and reporting);
Improved standards for corporate governance and business conduct through
promoting of development of better public awareness on the benefits of waste
recycling and separation through the implementation of the stakeholders
participation programme.

Client Information : KHIZMATRASONII NAQLIYOTI SANITARI
A state-owned municipal solid waste management Company in the city of Khujand.

EBRD Finance Summary : US$ 2,500,000.00
A sovereign guaranteed loan to the Company.
The total project cost includes technical cooperation support. EBRD will seek to
co-finance the Project with an investment grant from an internati
Project completion date : 2017-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : KHIZMATRASONII NAQLIYOTI SANITARI

Address : R.Nabiev avenue 195,
Khujand

Country :Tajikistan
Email : servic.khujand@gmail.com

Financier : European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD),

Financier address : European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD)
One Exchange Square
London EC2A 2JN
United Kingdom
Website : http://www.ebrd.com /
Tel: +44 20 7338 6794
Fax: +44 20 7338 7472
Email: procurement@ebrd.com

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              213 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Huntsville Item (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 1, 2009 Monday

City will seek grants to fund recycling effort

BYLINE: Jay Ermis, The Huntsville Item, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 792 words


Jun. 1--The City of Huntsville plans to apply for three grants that would help
fund its proposed curbside recycling program.

Resolutions authorizing city manager Bill Baine to apply for the grants are part
of the consent agenda on Tuesday night's City Council agenda.

The meeting starts at 6 p.m. at City Hall.

The council is scheduled to meet in special session at 5 p.m. in the conference
room for a workshop to discuss the future of Huntsville's economic
development/recovery, public infrastructure improvements and other priorities.

The city is proposing a curbside recycling pilot program for Elkins Lake and
plans for the program were outlined Thursday night during a Town Hall meeting at
the Walker Education Center.

City Public Utilities Director Carol Reed said the city staff is still
developing the program and there is no set date when it will start.

One resolution authorizes Baines to apply for and accept, if awarded, a
Houston-Galveston Area Council Solid Waste Management grant to purchase
recycling carts, not to exceed $324,000 with no matching requirements.

Reed said the grant will be used to purchase 5,400 48-gallon automated cards for
citywide curbside recycling with each cart costing $60.

The resolution includes the mayor and City Council strongly support this
application to promote communitywide recycling.

The second resolution would authorize Baine to apply for and accept, if awarded,
the H-GAC Solid Waste Management grant for recycling center improvements, not to
exceed $250,000 with no matching requirements.

Reed said the grant will be used for the expansion of the city's Recycling
Center off Interstate 45 north of the City Services Building.

"The current recycling center will not accommodate the expanded amount of
recyclables," Reed said on the agenda item. "This grant will allow for the
expansion of the existing center to 50 feet by 120 feet and add an addition onto
the driveway for large trucks."

The mayor and council support the application.

The third resolution authorizes Baine to apply for and accept, if awarded, the
H-GAC Solid Waste Management grant for Recycling Center Equipment, not to exceed
$350,000 with no matching requirements.

"This grant will be used for the expansion of the addition of a bailer and
conveyer system to the Recycling Center," Reed said. "In order to ensure
success, equipment needs to be added."

The mayor and council support the application as well, according to the
resolution.

The three resolution also read "the city desires to ensure the reduction of
solid waste entering the landfill and promote recycling."

The council will also consider authorizing Baine to apply for and accept, if
awarded, the Economic Development Administration American Recovery Program
matching grant for funds to construct infrastructure improvements, including a
new street with sidewalks connecting Veterans Memorial Parkway with Interstate
45 in West Hill Park to include extending West Hill Parkway.

"Currrently, access to land between The Home Depot and Luby's has limited access
for economic develoment because no street links Veterans Memorial Parkway with
IH-45," Baine said.

Baine said he has been approached by hotel and restaurant businesses in
developing the area if the infrastructure improvements are provided.

"Estimates are that at least 30 to 60 new jobs will be created upon completion
of this project," Baine said.

The grant application will be for $2,589,000 to construct infrastructure
improvements in the West Hill Park area and the city shall contribute $517,800
or 20 percent in the form of cash and/or in-kind match for the purppose of
labor, renovation and/or disposal of waste for completion of the project.

The council also consider the appointment of acting city secretary and deputy
city secretary; appointing Leonard V. Schneider with Ross, Banks, May, Cron &
Cavin, P.C., as city attorney and authorizing a contract.

Also, presentation, discussion and or possible action on Resolution #2009-17,
calling for a bond election relating to the renovation and expansion of the
Huntsville Public Library; and presentation, discussion and or possible action
regarding Hotel Occupancy Tax (HOT) funds audit status, and the
Huntsville-Walker County Chamber of Commerce HOT fund management, usage and
compliance with contractual provisions and with Texas Tax Code Chapter 351.

To see more of The Huntsville Item or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.itemonline.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Huntsville Item, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090601-IH-City-will-seek-grants-to-fund-recycling-effort-0601

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IH


                                 Copyright 2009


                              214 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           The Ironton Tribune, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 30, 2010 Friday

Solid waste gets two recycling grants: Tires, mattresses targeted

BYLINE: Teresa Moore, The Ironton Tribune, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 371 words


Apr. 30--The Lawrence-Scioto Solid Waste Management District has gotten two
grants aimed at reducing two of the most common items that are either tossed
over hillsides or discarded in a landfill.

Director Dan Palmer told the Lawrence County Commission Thursday the Ohio
Department of Natural Resources has awarded his office a $250,000 grant to
purchase equipment to recycle old mattresses -- and he already has buyers for
the three biggest components of the bedding: the metal, wood and fluff.

Palmer said old mattresses take up massive amounts of room in landfills and are
seen as a problem that could be reduced in size by recycling.

"Landfills don't want them and in some areas, in some of the larger cities, they
charge you to dump them," Palmer said.

Palmer said the county will likely partner with Big Sandy Furniture on the
project.

The county is also getting $20,000 for a tire amnesty program.

"This is one of the biggest (illegal dumping) problems in the state of Ohio,"
Palmer said.

He pointed out $20,000 is the maximum amount the county could have gotten. He
said he hopes to receive the money in July and start collecting the tires in
August.

The commissioners praised Palmer and the solid waste office not only for its
work in cleaning up Lawrence County throughout the year but also for its
spearheading the county-wide cleanup day which is Saturday at 9 a.m. and will
involve more than 1,000 volunteers.

"I'm awful proud of you guys. You do a wonderful job. And I'm proud of the
participation we've got this year," Commissioner Doug Malone said.

Malone pointed out five townships will have roll off containers available for
trash collection.

The five townships are Fayette, Union, Upper, Perry and Rome.

The cleanup will be conducted rain or shine. This is the second year for the
county-wide event.

To see more of the Ironton Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.irontontribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Ironton Tribune, Ohio
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100430-1IR-Solid-waste-gets-two-recycling-grants-0430

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1IR


                    Copyright 2010 The Ironton Tribune, Ohio


                              215 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 28, 2016 Tuesday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Ridgeland

LENGTH: 478  words

DATELINE: New York



 Jackson: City of Ridgeland, The State of Mississippi has issued the following
news release:



 The City of Ridgeland has been awarded a solid waste assistance grant of
$15,400 that will be used by the city for its recycling and waste reduction
programs, according to a press release dated June 22, 2016 from The Mississippi
Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ).





 "The Solid Waste Assistance Grants support a variety of useful solid waste
management activities for cities and counties, and this grant will assist
Ridgeland's efforts in improving their management of solid waste," said Gary
Rikard, MDEQ Executive Director.



 Ridgeland will purchase two solar-powered compactors for recyclables and one
water bottle filling station with the grant. "The purpose for these purchases is
to provide additional opportunities for residents to recycle and to encourage
the use of refillable water bottles rather than using disposable ones," said
John M. McCollum, City of Ridgeland Public Works Director.



 The new solar-powered compactors will be placed at Hite Wolcott Park to
encourage more recycling at that facility. Four compactors are already installed
at Freedom Ridge Park and one at the Multiuse Trailhead Facility.



 The water bottle filling station will be installed at Friendship Park. While
the City of Ridgeland has several water fountains along the multi-use trail,
this will be the first dedicated water bottle-filler in the city.



 City officials are enthusiastic about what the grant is allowing the city to
do, not only for environmental stewardship but also for environmental awareness.
The city has long been a leader in recycling but the water bottle-filler is a
new way for Ridgeland to expand on its efforts to conserve resources.



 Disposable plastic water bottles are known for polluting the environment. They
also require the use of fossil fuels to make, and the plastic may be leaching
chemicals into drinking water. A more environmentally-friendly and healthier
choice is to reuse non-disposable water bottles such as those made of steel.



 "We want to encourage all visitors to our parks to make use of the recycling
compactors and the new water bottle-filler. If we all do our part, we can help
to conserve our natural resources. It's just the right thing to do," said Mayor
Gene McGee.



 "At Ridgeland, we do not hesitate to help other cities grow their efforts in
waste reduction and recycling by sharing information and providing guidance.
Persons interested in learning more about our solid waste programs may reach me
at 601-853-2027," said McCollum. "A large part of our success is due to the
grants that we have received from MDEQ. We want to thank them for supporting our
programs and helping to make our efforts possible."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              216 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 14, 2016 Wednesday

EU and EBRD support renewable energy in Jordan's municipal services

LENGTH: 515  words

DATELINE: New York



 Terrebonne: Electric Energy Quebec has issued the following release news:







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com
 The European Union (EU) and the European Bank for Reconstruction and
Development (EBRD) are joining Jordan's effort to extend the use of sustainable
and innovative renewable energy technology by providing finance, grants and
technical cooperation for two projects in the solid waste management and water
supply sectors.





 These improvements to local municipal services will strengthen the country's
ability to cope with the increased population, which now includes 1.3 million
refugees from Syria. Both projects are part of the EU's 90 million renewable
energy and energy efficiency programme in Jordan.



 The EU is providing a 30 million grant to help the Water Authority of Jordan
construct a photovoltaic system to power three to five water pumping stations
across the country. The EBRD will manage the grant funds and supervise the
implementation of the project.



 Rapid population growth and the climatic conditions of the country have put
significant pressure on the country's limited water resources and created severe
shortages. The increased demand for water and wastewater resources also brings
higher demand for electricity, which represents up to 60 per cent of operating
costs for water services.



 Through the use of solar power for water and wastewater facilities, the project
is expected to set a precedent for the use of sustainable renewable energy
technology in the sector. The project also aims to develop market structures to
enhance private sector participation by focusing, where feasible, on the
introduction of engineering, procurement and construction, and operations and
maintenance contracts



 In addition, the EBRD is extending a loan of up to 7.5 million to the Greater
Amman Municipality (GAM), while the EU Delegation in Jordan is contributing 5
million in grants to help build a waste-to-energy plant in the Al-Shaer solid
waste transfer station. The plant is expected to produce up to 9 million cubic
metres of biogas per year from food waste, recycling approximately 11 per cent
of the organic waste collected. The plant's yearly capacity for energy
generation, estimated at up to 25,000 MWh, would be enough to power 8,000
Jordanian households. The EBRD is also expected to mobilise from other
international donors an additional 2.5 million in grants for the investments as
well additional donor funds for technical assistance to support the project
implementation.



 The population growth in Amman has placed an unprecedented burden on the solid
waste management services provided by GAM, which were already under strain. In
recent years, the Al-Shaer waste transfer station, the only operational station
serving the capital, has seen a 40 per cent increase in the solid waste it
processes and the plant currently operates at a level greatly exceeding its
design capacity. The project will help ease the burden placed on this facility.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              217 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 14, 2016 Wednesday

EU and EBRD support renewable energy in Jordan's municipal services

LENGTH: 515  words

DATELINE: New York



 Terrebonne: Electric Energy Quebec has issued the following release news:







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com
 The European Union (EU) and the European Bank for Reconstruction and
Development (EBRD) are joining Jordan's effort to extend the use of sustainable
and innovative renewable energy technology by providing finance, grants and
technical cooperation for two projects in the solid waste management and water
supply sectors.





 These improvements to local municipal services will strengthen the country's
ability to cope with the increased population, which now includes 1.3 million
refugees from Syria. Both projects are part of the EU's 90 million renewable
energy and energy efficiency programme in Jordan.



 The EU is providing a 30 million grant to help the Water Authority of Jordan
construct a photovoltaic system to power three to five water pumping stations
across the country. The EBRD will manage the grant funds and supervise the
implementation of the project.



 Rapid population growth and the climatic conditions of the country have put
significant pressure on the country's limited water resources and created severe
shortages. The increased demand for water and wastewater resources also brings
higher demand for electricity, which represents up to 60 per cent of operating
costs for water services.



 Through the use of solar power for water and wastewater facilities, the project
is expected to set a precedent for the use of sustainable renewable energy
technology in the sector. The project also aims to develop market structures to
enhance private sector participation by focusing, where feasible, on the
introduction of engineering, procurement and construction, and operations and
maintenance contracts



 In addition, the EBRD is extending a loan of up to 7.5 million to the Greater
Amman Municipality (GAM), while the EU Delegation in Jordan is contributing 5
million in grants to help build a waste-to-energy plant in the Al-Shaer solid
waste transfer station. The plant is expected to produce up to 9 million cubic
metres of biogas per year from food waste, recycling approximately 11 per cent
of the organic waste collected. The plant's yearly capacity for energy
generation, estimated at up to 25,000 MWh, would be enough to power 8,000
Jordanian households. The EBRD is also expected to mobilise from other
international donors an additional 2.5 million in grants for the investments as
well additional donor funds for technical assistance to support the project
implementation.



 The population growth in Amman has placed an unprecedented burden on the solid
waste management services provided by GAM, which were already under strain. In
recent years, the Al-Shaer waste transfer station, the only operational station
serving the capital, has seen a 40 per cent increase in the solid waste it
processes and the plant currently operates at a level greatly exceeding its
design capacity. The project will help ease the burden placed on this facility.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              218 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                The Jordan Times

                           December 7, 2016 Wednesday

EU supports projects to turn waste into electricity, use solar power to operate
water pumping stations

BYLINE: Mohammad Ghazal

LENGTH: 637  words


By Mohammad Ghazal - Dec 07,2016 - Last updated at Dec 07,2016

AMMAN -- EU-supported projects were announced Wednesday to help Jordan turn food
waste into electricity and use sunshine to operate several major water pumping
stations.

The EU and the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) have
joined efforts with Jordan to extend the use of sustainable and innovative
renewable energy technology by providing finance, grants and technical
cooperation for two projects in the solid waste management and water supply
sectors.

With a 30-million-euro grant from the EU, the Water Authority of Jordan will
install photovoltaic systems to power three to five water pumping stations
across the country. The EBRD will manage the grant funds and supervise the
implementation of the project.

"Today's support is part of our commitment to supporting Jordan in the renewable
energy sector, which is a very promising sector in the country," EU Ambassador
to Jordan Andrea Matteo Fontana said at a ceremony to sign the grant agreements.

Installing solar systems at the pumping stations is crucial as some 40 per cent
of water authorities' expenses go to electricity bills, he said.

The project will save Jordan around JD5 million annually once the systems are
operational, Iyad Dahiyat, the secretary general of the Ministry of Water and
Irrigation, said at the ceremony.

According to the official, 15 per cent of the electricity generated in Jordan is
consumed by the water sector, pushing its annual energy bill to around JD150
million.

"The five water pumping stations where the systems will be installed represent
around 80 per cent of the overall electricity consumption in the water sector,"
Dahiyat said.

The total capacity of the solar-powered system will be 20-25 megawatts (MW),
according to Fontana, who said that several more EU-supported projects in the
field of energy and renewable energy in Jordan are in the pipeline.

In addition, the EBRD is extending a loan of up to 7.5 million euros to the
Greater Amman Municipality (GAM), while the EU Delegation in Jordan is
contributing 5 million euros in grants to help build a waste-to-energy plant in
Al Shaer solid waste transfer station.

The plant is expected to produce up to 9 million cubic metres of biogas per year
from food waste, recycling approximately 11 per cent of the organic waste
collected.

The plant's yearly capacity for energy generation, estimated at up to 25,000MW,
would be enough to power 8,000 Jordanian households.

The population growth in Amman has placed an unprecedented burden on the solid
waste management services provided by the GAM, and such services have already
been strained, officials have said.

In recent years, Al Shaer waste transfer station, the only operational station
serving the capital, has seen a 40 per cent increase in the solid waste it
processes, and the plant currently operates at a level greatly exceeding its
design capacity, GAM officials said, adding that the project will help ease the
burden placed on this facility.

Stressing the importance of the grants, Heike Harmgart, the head of the EBRD
resident office in Jordan, said the renewable energy sector in Jordan is
commercially viable.

The bank's investments in Jordan's energy sector have reached $500 million, of
which 75 per cent are in renewable energy.

Harmgart added that the two projects, for which agreements were signed
Wednesday, are expected to be operational within two-and-a-half years.

"The EBRD is committed to helping Jordan upgrade its municipal infrastructure
services to improve the daily lives of Jordanians and refugee communities
alike," she said.

"The bank promotes the adoption of renewable technology for a more sustainable
use of scarce resources. This work can become a model for other projects in the
Jordanian municipal sector," Harmgart noted.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 62


                        Copyright 2016 The Jordan Times.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              219 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                              The NEWS (Monrovia)

                                 March 07, 2013

Mary Broh's Letter of Resignation [document]

LENGTH: 925 words


February 28, 2013

H.E. Ellen Johnson Sirleaf

President of Liberia

Executive Mansion

Monrovia, Liberia

Dear Madam President:

I am pleased to present my compliments and by this communication highlight to
you the progress and key achievements realized by me since my incumbency as
Acting Mayor of the Monrovia City Corporation (MCC) from June 10, 2009 to
February 22, 2013, the date of my indefinite suspension by you.

A remarkable accomplishment has been improvements in the internal revenue
generation of the MCC from US$.5M in 2009 to US$1.2M in 2012 through the
injection of better internal controls.

Furthermore Madam President, through enhanced coordination with the donor
community, the MCC again under my leadership has benefited from the following
support.

1.0 Solid Waste Management (SWM)

This activity is the principal municipal service delivery function of the MCC. I
met a 20-25% collection coverage but now coverage is 55-60% due to a host of
factors that were pursued and introduced by me. These include but are not
limited to following.

Approval by the World Bank of the US$18.4M Emergency Monrovia Urban Sanitation
(EMUS) Project Grant for expanded solid waste collection in Monrovia.

Approval by the Gates Foundation of a US$5M Grant Proposal on Improved Primary
Waste Collection in the Poor Communities of Monrovia for increased access of the
urban poor to door-to-door waste collection services

Construction and introduction of two (2) waste transfer stations in the Monrovia
Solid Waste Management system for rapid collection and disposal of secondary
waste from the city center and environs.

Setting up of a designated Solid Waste Management Account with a commercial bank
for the long term sustainability of waste collection in Monrovia.

Acquisition of additional funding of US$4M from the International Development
Agency of the World Bank Group through a 40 year soft loan arrangement.

2.0 Sanitation and Environmental Health

This activity represents the second most municipal service delivery function of
the MCC and we were able to realize the construction of public sanitation
centers in poor communities with donor funding from OXFAM and CSR funding from
Chevron Liberia and TOTAL and APM Terminals. At the moment we have received
approval of a US$1.4M equivalent grant from the African Water Facility (AWF) of
the African Development Bank (AfDB) to be effective March 2013.

3.0 City Planning and Services

Under this activity, in partnership with the private sector the MCC has
introduced City Street Parking Services in the City's Business District (CBD)
and immediate environs thereby reducing congestion and facilitating a free flow
of vehicular traffic and pedestrian movement. Additionally, with CSR support
from corporate donors, the MCC has established the Monrovia Central Park, which
will be completed soon to enhance recreational services for the City's
residents. Chevron has provided the MCC a second tranche of CSR funding to
complete the park.

4.0 Institutional Reform and Capacity Development

Upon assumption of office as the Acting Mayor, I was granted a study tour of the
City of Accra, Ghana organized by the World Bank to enable me observe street
selling, solid waste management (SWM) and slum upgrading. Additionally, under my
leadership the below support has been obtained by the MCC.

Situational Study of Slum Conditions in Monrovia and the Options for Upgrading
and Prevention. This was funded by Cities Alliance.

Capacity support from USAID in terms of immediate logistics and funding of
technical assistance by IBI.

Capacity support from the World Bank in terms of a short term Governance Adviser
to assist the Office of the Mayor to improve responsiveness of the MCC on issues
related to the core functions of the Monrovia City Corporation (MCC).

An Organizational Audit and Restructuring of MCC was undertaken and completed
with funding sourced from the World Bank.

Financial Audit and Restructuring of MCC has been undertaken and completed with
funding from the World Bank.

Over 50 staff members have been provided training through both in and out of
country training opportunities. I am delighted, Madam President, that with the
confidence you have reposed in me throughout these years, with the diligence of
the staff of the Monrovia City Corporation, with the help from the international
community, with the cooperation from local businesses, and, significantly, with
the positive support of the majority of the residents of Monrovia, we have been
moving in the right direction to make this city, our capital city, a better
place to live.

I have strived to help make Monrovia an example of urban transformation that
would be a model for other cities in Liberia and Africa. The task is far from
done. Although the living standards of the city's residents have improved during
my tenure, there remains much to be done.

We are far below international standards and must therefore work incessantly and
vigorously to make things better here in Monrovia.

As a patriot, I consider it a privilege to serve our people. I have sought to
demonstrate my patriotism by delivering on the responsibility given me. For that
reason, I have presented to you above a summary of achievements of the MCC under
my leadership.

Today, tension permeates the atmosphere between the Legislative and Executive
branches of Government and I honestly do not want to be a source of conflict
between the Legislature and the Executive.

Therefore, Madam President, I hereby tender my resignation as Acting Mayor of
the MCC.

Most respectfully submitted,

Mary T. Broh

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              220 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            February 11, 2001 Sunday
                                 State Edition

Trailers give area residents place to put recyclables

BYLINE: LISA BENNETT For the Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: L - HOMETOWN - PLATTE VALLEY EDI; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 593 words


This summer, three recycling trailers will be winding their way through Seward
and northern Saline counties, providing rural residents with an opportunity to
easily dispose of paper, plastic, cans and glass.

"I think convenience has always been an issue," said former Seward County
Commissioner Larry Bonner. "People say, 'Yes, I want to recycle but I don't know
where to take it.' This is a way to make it a lot more convenient, and encourage
it, too."

Through the Nebraska Department of Environmental Quality's Litter Reduction and
Recycling Grant Program, $1.1 million was awarded to 49 Nebraska organizations.

The Seward/Saline County Solid Waste Management Agency, which oversees area
landfill operations and promotes recycling and proper solid waste disposal,
received $35,635 to purchase the trailers. Schuyler, David City, Chadron,
O'Neill and Sidney were among other communities awarded funding.

Consulting with the Seward/Saline County group on the grant application was
Kelly Danielson, sales manager for Butler County Landfill and Milford's G&P
Development Landfill, both subsidiaries of Waste Connections Inc.

The recycling project was let for bid and was given to Beatrice's Dempster
Industries for three of its AlleyCat recycling trailers. Made of 70 percent
recyclable material themselves, the green, white and black trailer is towed
behind a pickup, and its 10 bins each accommodate about one cubic yard of waste.

A schedule will be drawn up, said Danielson, for a trailer to spend about a week
in each community participating in the project.

"It may take some trial and error," he predicted, "but the neat thing about the
grant is we are going to share the resources."

City personnel, as part of the grant's noncash match, will then deliver the
trailers to either the Butler County Landfill or the City of Seward or Crete's
recycling centers, where the bins will be unloaded with a forklift, said
Danielson.

One of the first in Nebraska, Seward's Recycling Center was set up in 1985 as a
volunteer effort by the Izaak Walton League. Paper, plastic and cans are picked
up every three weeks by Omaha's First Star Fiber, which also provides a trailer,
boxes and pallet, said Seward Public Works Superintendent Calvin Nordmeyer.

As interest in recycling grew, so did usage of the facility, which has
quadrupled since its inception, said Seward City Council member Tony Vrana. The
City of Seward took over operation of the center several years ago and manned it
with a part-time employee Tuesday mornings and Thursday evenings. However,
volunteer labor from community service organizations and youth groups continues
to provide the center's manpower on Saturday mornings.

Nordmeyer said he has heard very little so far about the new trailers and how
they will impact volume at the Seward facility, currently between 10 and 11 tons
of solid waste every three weeks. Although he said his department is willing to
work with the new program, "We're at our maximum right now with one person."

Dave Pinter, divisional vice president of the Folsom, Calif.,-based Waste
Connections, which is the parent company of Seward's Garbage Company, explained
that none of Seward County's communities have contracted with his company for a
recycling program.

"It hasn't been a high priority item for most," he said, because of the
"predominantly rural" landscape. But in cities such as Omaha, Pinter added,
"With one home every 60 or 70 feet, there's enough density to run a dedicated
vehicle."

The following fields overflowed:

Section (SECT) = L - Hometown - Platte Valley edition

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Seward/Saline County Solid Waste Management Agency has purchased
three AlleyCat recycling trailers from Dempster Industries in Beatrice. The
trailers will be hauled to different sites in Seward and northern Saline
counties to give area residents someplace to dispose of their recyclables. b/w
photo of recyclable trailer, LISA BENNETT/For the Lincoln Journal Star

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2001 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              221 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           January 20, 2005 Thursday

Kettering accepts grant for recycling;
ODNR gives $48K to supplement Waste Management services

BYLINE: By Joanne Clodfelter For the Dayton Daily News

SECTION: KETTERING OAKWOOD; Pg. Z1-7

LENGTH: 193 words


KETTERING - The city of Kettering on Tuesday accepted a $48,051 grant from the
Ohio Department of Natural Resources to help operate the city's recycling
center.

"This money will allow us to continue to operate a very efficient recycling
center," City Manager Steve Husemann said at the City Council meeting Tuesday.

Husemann said that even though the city began offering houseside recycling last
year as part of its one-hauler trash program with Waste Management Inc., the
city's recycling center on Woodman Center Drive is available to residents who
live in apartments but may not have recycling service, and for items, such as
electronics, not accepted by Waste Management.

The city will match the ODNR grant with $19,389 of its own funds for a total of
$67,440.

The council also approved funding for the 2005 performance season at the Fraze
Pavilion, including $227,055 for advertising; $75,000 to purchase beer, wine and
concessions; $950,000 for entertainment contracts; and $25,000 to rent musical
and performance-related equipment on an as-needed basis.

The council also approved $26,450.92 for membership dues in the Miami Valley
Regional Planning Commission.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              222 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                              Indian Banking News

                      November 14, 2014 Friday 6:30 AM EST

World Bank: GEF Grant to Enhance Environmental Performance of Municipal Solid
Waste Incinerators in Chinese Cities

LENGTH: 820  words


Nov. 14 -- World Bank issued the following news release:

The World Bank's Board of Executive Directors approved the Municipal Solid Waste
Management Project, financed with a $12 million grant from the Global
Environment Facility (GEF) to the People's Republic of China. This project will
help improve the environmental performance of existing municipal solid waste
incinerators through capacity building and demonstration of best available
techniques (BAT) and best environmental practices (BEP) in accordance with the
Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants (POPs).

Municipal solid waste management is a growing concern for China's cities. With
China's rapid economic development, urbanization and rising standards of living,
the quantity of municipal solid waste collected and transported has increased
more than five-fold nationwide from about 85,000  tons per day in 1980 to about
430,000 tons per day in 2009 and is projected to reach 1.6 million tons per day
in 2030.

"No country has ever experienced as large and rapid an increase in waste
generation," said Tijen Arin, World Bank's Senior Environmental Economist and
Task Team Leader for the Municipal Solid Waste Management Project.

Incineration is increasingly becoming the disposal method of choice in urban
areas motivated by a shortage of urban land for landfills and the national
policy encouraging energy generation from waste.  The number of waste
incinerators in China is projected to increase from 93 in 2009 to 200 in 2015,
with a corresponding increase in daily disposal capacity from 55,400 tons to
140,000 tons.

However, China's National Implementation Plan for the Stockholm Convention on
POPs (2007) identifies waste incineration as the third largest among nine dioxin
release sources in China. According to the World Health Organization (WHO),
long-term environmental exposure can cause a range of toxicity and lead to
serious health effects. In addition, waste incinerators produce other pollutant
emissions and residual wastes.

Stockholm Convention BAT and BEP recommend a series of comprehensive measures to
control environmental impacts of waste incinerators, including enhancing
incineration and flue gas treatment process, effective monitoring and
inspection, and sharing information with the public. However, few of China's
cities and waste incinerators comprehensively apply the Stockholm Convention BAT
and BEP. In recent years, concerns have been growing among the regulatory
agencies over the environmental performance of waste incinerators, particularly
dioxin emissions and the public.

The Municipal Solid Waste Management Project seeks to demonstrate and build
capacity for application of the BAT and BEP in two "demonstration cities" -
Kunming in southeast Yunnan Province and Ningbo in eastern coastal Zhejiang
Province.

In Kunming, the project will support a detailed operational and environmental
performance audit, and implement operating improvement programs to minimize
dioxins emissions from incinerators. The project will also support training
activities for incinerator managers and operators, capacity building for the
environmental and municipal authorities, and enhanced public information
disclosure.

In Ningbo, the project will support training activities, monitoring and
regulation of existing waste incinerators, and public information disclosure. It
will also complement the ongoing World Bank-supported Ningbo Municipal Solid
Waste Minimization and Recycling Project by studying the impact of waste
segregation on dioxin emissions in the city's incinerators.

At the national level, the project will expand the training program for
incinerator managers and operators, and support the Ministry of Environmental
Protection and the Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development in the
development of technical regulations for municipal solid waste disposal. The
project will help the enforcement of China's recently enacted new dioxin
emission limit, which is in line with the limits implemented in the EU, Canada
and Japan and consistent with the Stockholm Convention.

"Lessons learned from project will be disseminated broadly so that demonstrated
project activities can be replicated in other cities," said Tijen Arin. "It will
contribute to China's efforts to implement the Stockholm Convention in the area
of municipal solid waste incineration. The global community will benefit from
lower dioxin emissions."

The Global Environment Facility (GEF) unites 183 countries in partnership with
international institutions, civil society organizations, and the private sector
to address global environmental issues while supporting national sustainable
development initiatives. An independently operating financial organization, the
GEF provides grants for projects related to biodiversity, climate change,
international waters, land degradation, the ozone layer, and persistent organic
pollutants.

Source: World Bank

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              223 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                    The Evening Sun (Hanover, Pennsylvania)

                             June 18, 2015 Thursday

Waste Management awards grant to Keep York Beautiful

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 114 words


Keep America Beautiful, the nation's leading nonprofit that builds clean, green
and beautiful communities, and Waste Management (NYSE:WM) has awarded a 2015
Waste Management Think Greenc Grant of $10,000 to Keep York Beautiful. Keep York
Beautiful's Think Greenc Grant is one of 39 awarded to Keep America Beautiful
community-based affiliates and partner organizations across the country. Keep
York Beautiful is using its Think Greenc Grant to support the future York County
Food Bank York Fresh Food Farms Project. The grant will provide the funding
necessary to purchase a greenhouse and plant a pollinator garden at the future
York County Food Bank location at 550 E. King St., York.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              224 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           The Times of Central Asia

                            November 30, 2015 Monday

EBRD and EU help improve solid waste collection in Bishkek

LENGTH: 441  words


BISHKEK (TCA)  On November 30 the city of Bishkek has received 420 new waste
containers, the first assets acquired under the Bishkek Solid Waste project to
modernize solid waste management, forming part of a comprehensive environmental
improvement program for the Kyrgyz capital.

The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) has supported the
Bishkek solid waste management program with a loan of \x8211 million, while the
European Union's (EU) Investment Facility for Central Asia has provided a \x828
million grant. This investment aims to upgrade waste services in the city and
produce significant environmental and public health benefits, the EBRD press
office said.An official ceremony today marked the handover of the first waste
containers to the city's municipal solid waste company, Tazalyk. The event was
attended by local government representatives including Kubanychbek Kulmatov,
Mayor of Bishkek Cesare De Montis, the EU Ambassador to the Kyrgyz Republic and
EBRD representatives including Natalia Khanjenkova, EBRD Managing Director for
Turkey and Central Asia, Masaru Honma, EBRD Director for Central Asia, and
Larisa Manastirli, Head of the EBRD's Resident Office in Bishkek.The population
of the Kyrgyz capital has doubled in the last two decades to an estimated 1.2
million residents, with approximately one quarter of them living on the city's
outskirts in new and frequently unofficial settlements. This population growth,
combined with higher living standards and increased consumption, has led to a
rapid increase in solid waste volumes.This EBRD and EU-supported project will
help the City and Tazalyk to improve waste collection and replace outdated
equipment. It will also lead to the establishment of a new and urgently-needed
sanitary landfill and the introduction of a solid waste sorting line and waste
minimization measures in the city."This is the first step in the programme of
significant improvements to municipal services that will change people's daily
lives in Bishkek for the better and make the city more attractive and more
environmentally friendly," said Larisa Manastirli. "We are very happy that
citizens are beginning to see these improvements which were the result of a
close collaboration with colleagues from the Bishkek Mayor's Office. We expect
the project to have an important demonstration effect on how to introduce better
waste management  not only in the Kyrgyz Republic, but more widely in Central
Asia."The EU is one of the largest donors providing grant resources to the EBRD
to manage programs and projects in Kyrgyzstan.(Photo from the press service of
the Bishkek municipality)

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Times of Central Asia
                              All Rights Reserved


                              225 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                           September 23, 2013 Monday

Centre to grant Rs 16cr to MCH under solid waste management programme

LENGTH: 379 words

DATELINE: Haldwani


Haldwani, Sept. 23 -- In order to assist the Municipal Corporation of Haldwani
(MCH) in maintaining Haldwani city's cleanliness and hygienic conditions under
its solid waste management programme, the Government of India is soon going to
grant Rs 16 crore to the MCH.

The Government of India has sanctioned Rs 16 crore for strengthening the solid
waste management progamme of the Municipal Corporation of Haldwani to maintain
cleanliness of the city and soon the amount Rs 16 crore will be released to it,
said State Finance Minister and MLA from Haldwani, Indira Haridayesh.

The State Government has also got four hectare land for this solid waste
management programme and the Forest Department has already granted its clearance
for the said land, Indira said.

In the meanwhile, grant of aforesaid financial assistance from the Government of
India to the Haldwani civic body can be described as a welcome development, as
the locals here believe.

They are of the view that following rapid urbanisation and increasing commercial
activities of city like Haldwani, such kind of financial assistance from Centre
to the MCH which is already running into financial trouble, for strengthening
its civic waste management system is vital.

In the meanwhile, expressing her disappointment over delay in disbursement of
salary to the employees of the Municipal Corporation of Haldwani for two months,
Indira Haridayesh, has said that it seems the fund released to the civic bodies
for salary purpose is being diverted to some other areas which is only creating
backlog as has come to light in the MCH. Thus proper utilisation of fund is
important to avoid such kind of situation, she added.

The Government's top priority is to disburse salary to the employees on time.
More so, in order to ensure timely clearance of salary dues, the Government has
already introduced e-payment system, she further said. Salary to the account of
the employee is deposited till 30th of every month. Payment of salary to the
employees in the municipal bodies should also be done through the e-payment
system, she emphasised.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              226 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                 Stone County Enterprise (Wiggins, Mississippi)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 20, 2010

County to receive recycling dollars

BYLINE: Jody OHara Staff Writer

LENGTH: 224  words


Stone County has received a $25,000 grant from the Mississippi Department of
Environmental Quality to begin a recycling program.

The Solid Waste Assistance Grant can be used by communities to prevent and clean
up unauthorized dumps, as an aid in hiring local solid waste enforcement
officers, to fund public education efforts on solid waste disposal and recycling
and to establish programs for the collection of white goods, bulky wastes and
recyclables.

The grant is 100 percent funded and requires no matching funds on the county's
part.

"We're going to start a recycling program for aluminum, newspaper and plastic in
cooperation with our local volunteer fire departments," said Charlotte Koestler,
Stone County Economic Development Partnership executive director. "We'll
probably set up bins at their locations for the collection of recyclable
materials."

Koestler spearheaded the effort to get the grant and said officials hope to get
the program up and running around the first of April.

"We are pleased this grant will assist the county's efforts in improving their
management of solid waste," said MDEQ Executive Director Trudy Fisher.

Stone County Board of Supervisors President Dale Bond said he was pleased with
the MDEQ choice of Stone County as a grant recipient.

"We're always happy with any assistance the state sends our way," he said.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STC

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2010 Stone County Enterprise


                              227 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Salem News (Beverly, MA)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 6, 2014 Saturday

Beverly grant would fund curbside food waste pilot program

BYLINE: Dustin Luca, The Salem News, Beverly, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 734 words


Dec. 06--BEVERLY -- Trash pickup could soon become a little greener, but the
road ahead is littered with hard work and negotiating.

City officials recently received a $20,000 grant from the state's Department of
Environmental Protection to launch a food waste collection pilot program.

The pilot, if and when it runs, would bring another method of recycling and
conservation to as many as 500 homes in Beverly, according to Charlie Perlo,
chairman of the Solid Waste Management Committee.

Significant progress has already been made in the city, after officials recently
cut down on the use of curbside pickup by reducing the barrel and bag limit from
10 to five per household each week, according to Perlo.

While cutting waste disposal in half may seem like an accomplishment, Perlo said
it isn't enough.

"We wanted to do more in Beverly for waste reduction, and this was one of the
ways to do it," Perlo said. "Now the real work has to be done."

Through the grant program, members of the Solid Waste Management Committee are
bringing 500 "carts" for storing solid food waste, which includes scraps from
veggies, uneaten meat and other organic waste, according to Perlo.

"You don't want to throw these things into the trash," Perlo said. "That not
only adds to the tipping weight, but you also don't want to incinerate these
wastes because it produces harmful gases like methane to the atmosphere."

A "tipping weigh" determines the price charged to deliver municipal solid waste
to a landfill.

The carts are 13-gallon barrels that seal tightly to keep animals out, Perlo
said.

Purchasing the carts, priced at $20, will use up about half of the grant. The
other half will go toward start-up costs, Perlo said.

Many surrounding communities have already adopted a similar program, including
Hamilton, Salem and Wenham, according to Perlo.

Getting down to one barrel

"We want to take advantage of any new initiative on sustainability that could be
beneficial for the city as a whole," said Kevin Harutunian, chief of staff to
Mayor Michael Cahill. "This is a great step forward to even have the
conversation, to look at this closer for composting as well as trash recycling
and all the elements that go into making sure we're doing everything we can."

One possible outcome out of the program is an even further reduction in how many
barrels of trash residents bring to the curb, Perlo said.

The committee has its sights on the state's Recycling Dividends program, which
issues points to communities based on what they do to recycle and sends cash out
based on the number of points they accumulate, according to Perlo.

But with a five-barrel limit on trash, Beverly isn't qualified for the program.
Three's the limit to get in, according to Perlo.

Five barrels "is very good," Perlo said. "But the bottom line is if you're
recycling properly in a single-family household, you don't need five barrels.
You don't need three barrels. You only need one barrel of trash."

The Solid Waste Management Committee will soon put together a survey for all
13,000 Beverly households to complete. The tool will gauge residential interest
in such a composting program, according to Perlo.

The application process to lead the city to 500 waste-recycling homes will also
open up in the next two months. The pilot will start Sept. 1, 2015, Perlo said.

As that process moves forward, the question now becomes how to pay for pickup
once it begins.

Food waste collection companies will bid on the process through a Request for
Quotations that opens soon, according to Perlo.

But it will cost money for a company to haul the food waste, and it hasn't been
determined who would pay for that -- the city starting the pilot, or the
residents recycling their food waste.

"The collection costs run somewhere in the $90 to $100 range per year per
household," Perlo said. "The city of Salem found the money in their budget to
offer this free to residents. But in Beverly, it's looking like it's going to be
a tough budgetary battle."

Regardless of how it shakes out, Harutunian said city officials are eager to
roll up their sleeves and start talking trash.

"The mayor is a big proponent of green initiatives," Harutunian said. "This is
one tool in a toolbox we can hopefully utilize to keep moving in that
direction."

___ (c)2014 The Salem News (Beverly, Mass.) Visit The Salem News (Beverly,
Mass.) at www.salemnews.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141206-ZS-Beverly-grant
-would-fund-curbside-food-waste-pilot-program-1206-20141206

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZS


                         Copyright 2014 The Salem News


                              228 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                    April 4, 1994, MONDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

TAKE TRASH AND GO, CHAIRMAN SUGGESTS; HEAD OF WASTE AGENCY BLASTS ST.  PETERS

BYLINE: Judith VandeWater Of the St. Charles Post

SECTION: ST. CHARLES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 667 words


The chairman of the five-county East Central Solid Waste Management District has
invited St. Peters to take its trash and go home.

David Oney Jr., a Lincoln County Commissioner who heads the waste management
district, says he is tired of St. Peters taking potshots at the expense of the
district.

St. Peters City Administrator Robert Irvin irritated Oney by criticizing a
waste-management plan prepared by the district. The state law that established
joint districts throughout Missouri charged the districts with developing plans
for reducing solid waste by 40 percent.

The district headed by Oney includes St. Charles, Lincoln, Warren, Montgomery
and Franklin counties.

The district's plan delineates recycling strategies and ways to teach consumers
how to reduce their household's solid waste.

St. Peters took part in drafting the plan. Ron Darling, St. Peters' coordinator
for health and environment, formerly was on the district's executive committee.

After the waste-reduction plan was drafted, St. Peters adopted a resolution
endorsing it. Oney said that when Irvin sent the resolution to the Boonslick
Regional Planning Commission, which helped draft the plan, he used the
opportunity to question the competence of the district's management.

Irvin, in his message to Boonslick, said the district had failed to respond to
the city's comments and concerns about the plan, Oney said.

Oney said the district had appended St. Peter's written comments to the plan
when it was submitted to the Missouri Department of Natural Resources for
approval.

Oney said that Irvin wrote that the district was not in compliance with state
regulations and that that was having an effect on the district's ability to win
grants.

Oney said that the district's noncompliance status lasted only two weeks and
that no grant money was lost or jeopardized.

Irvin could not be reached for comment on Friday.

Oney's letter responding to Irvin said that the district and St. Peters might
both be better served if St. Peters would withdraw from the district.  "St.
Peters would no longer have to go through the pretense of cooperating with the
district," Oney wrote.

St. Peters has been criticized in the past for trying to control waste-disposal
policy in the county.

Bob Hoepfner, a former chairman of St. Charles County's now defunct Solid Waste
Commission, saw St. Peters as a threat and said as much several years ago.

Last fall, the county moved to reassert its role in setting solid-waste policy
appointing a Solid Waste Task Force.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1994 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              229 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                    The Star

                                  May 25, 2009

Business Scene

LENGTH: 502  words


Russian nuclear plant
Chairman of Jordan Nuclear Energy Commission (JNEC) Dr Khaled Touqan said on
Saturday that the Federal Agency for Atomic Energy (RusAtom) has applied to
study the feasibility of a plan to set up a nuclear reactor in Jordan for
research purposes. Touqan told Petra that the Russian proposal was in the
framework of a cooperation agreement signed between JNEC and RusAtom on Friday,
pointing out that it was the fifth deal the Kingdom had sealed with world
countries as part
of its efforts to acquire nuclear technology for peaceful purposes. Under the
agreement, Jordanian students would receive scholarships to study nuclear and
physics engineering at Russian universities and institutes. Jordan had signed
similar nuclear deals with France, China, South Korea and Canada.



GAM, WB launch solid waste management project
Amman, may 20 (Petra) -- Greater Amman Municipality (GAM) in cooperation with
the World Bank (WB) launched Wednesday a solid waste and carbon management
project, to be executed by 2013. The project aims to improve operational,
financial and environmental performance of solid waste recycling in Amman,
expand al-Ghabawi Landfill and upgrade its environmental conditions, according
to Director of Amman City Ammar Gharaibeh. Under the project, a third cell will
be added to al-Ghabawi Landfill in addition to building two stations to serve
northwestern and southwestern areas of Amman. The project's feasibility study
unveiled that the project would cost $40 million and the operational costs would
reach $25.2 million.

$18.7m Japanese grant
Minister of Planning & International Cooperation Suhair Al-Ali signed on
Wednesday with Japanese Ambassador Tiseyo Cioguchi an $18.7 million grant
agreement with the Japanese government, to be used to support Jordan's balance
of payments within the Non-Project Grant Aid program. Japan will continue to
provide financial and technical support to help Jordan in the implementation of
projects and development programs in various sectors, pointing out that the
grant is aimed to support the government efforts in the implementation of its
reform program, Cioguchi added.

ABWC to invest in Jordan
Council of Arab Businesswomen (ABWC) is set to launch a number of investment
projects in Jordan and other Arab countries. Secretary of the Council, Khairiya
Al-Dashti announced Wednesday that investment plans are being prepared to be
implemented in a number of Arab countries.
"These plans will be carried out by the Council's company established by the
members of the ABWC," she said. Al-Dashti explained that most projects will be
located in Jordan, Tunisia, Egypt and Sudan, adding that these investment
projects which focus on services, real estates and agricultural will be run by
women.

"These projects will be either owned by Council's company or through strategic
companies, investors or people interested in these projects from the same
country "Al-Dashti added.
Chaired by Sheikha Hessa Saad Al-Abdullah, ABWC was founded in 1999

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: 3


                  Copyright 2009 Jordan Press & publishing Co.
                              All Rights Reserved
                         Syndigate.info, Al Bawaba.com


                              230 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            June 23, 2010 Wednesday

USA: Belarus To Benefit From World Bank and Global Environment Facility Support
For Solid Waste Management

LENGTH: 465  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, June 23 -- The World Bank Board of Executive Directors today approved a
US$ 42.5 million loan and a US$ 5.5 million Global Environment Facility[i] (GEF)
grant for the Integrated Solid Waste Management Project for the Republic of
Belarus. The goal of this Project is to increase environmental benefits of
integrated solid waste management and reduce environmental and health risks
associated with the presence and release of the Persisted Organic Pollutants
(POPs), according to a press release issued by World Bank.

Belarus' commitment to environmental protection is reflected in a number of long
term national programs. The Integrated Solid Waste Management Project is aligned
with the priorities outlined in the Country Assistance Strategy of the World
Bank for the Republic of Belarus, which aims to achieve sustained economic
growth and support the environment, service delivery, and efficient utilization
of public services.

The Project supports the design, construction and supervision of a 120,000
ton/year modern mechanical waste separation plant in the City of Grodno, and
improving the collection of separate waste in the city of Grodno. The initiative
seeks to recover recyclable materials and includes implementation of public
information and awareness raising activities.

"The Project will help reduce, recycle and reuse valuable materials in the City
of Grodno utilizing best international practices of integrated solid waste
management," said Maha Armaly, World Bank Task Team Leader for the Project. "The
GEF financed component will support the Government's actions to minimize and
mitigate environmental and health risks related to POPs."

The GEF grant will strengthen national capacity to manage hazardous wastes,
specifically those associated with POPs, and support Belarus in meeting its
obligations under the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants.
Grant activities aim to ensure environmentally sound management of the
destruction of high-priority stockpiles of POPs and associated contaminated
equipment, provide secure storage for lower risk stockpiles, and support
planning infrastructure to manage future POPs generation.

The new World Bank loan is at a rate equal to US Dollar LIBOR plus the Variable
Spread. Loan repayment period is fifteen years including five-year grace period.

Belarus joined the World Bank in 1992. Since then, the Bank's lending
commitments to Belarus totaled US$ 685 million for 10 projects. About thirty
national programs received grant financing totaling US$ 24 million. Belarus is
currently using World Bank financing in five infrastructure project Published by
HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For more information on
news feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              231 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                   Palestine News & Information Agency (WAFA)

                             April 15, 2014 Tuesday

World Bank Approves to Launch Sanitation Improvement Projects in Gaza

LENGTH: 658 words


WASHINGTON, April 15, 2014 - Two
projects in the Gaza Strip will respond to health and environmental threats and

provide long-term solutions to the treatment of sewage and solid waste,
according to a statement by the World Bank.



The US$13 million grants by the World Bank are
focused on improving sanitation services in the Gaza Strip, a development
priority in the densely populated area facing severe public health and water
pollution threats.

"Several residential areas have been
recurrently flooded with raw sewage causing property damage, injuries and
deaths. Illegal dumping and burning of waste are common practices across rural
and urban areas causing soil, air and water pollution as well as health
hazard," said Steen Jorgensen, World Bank Country Director for the West Bank
and Gaza.

"Palestinians in the Gaza Strip are entitled
to live in a healthy and clean environment. Proper management of municipal
waste is a priority that the World Bank is supporting to avoid negative health
and environmental impacts on the well-being of Gaza citizens," she added.

The US$10 million grant for the Gaza Solid
Waste Management Project, approved by the Bank on March 31, 2014, aims to
improve the solid waste disposal in the Gaza governorates through the provision

of an efficient, socially acceptable and environmentally friendly mechanism. It

will promote citizen engagement towards more accountability through awareness
campaigns and the use of social media including text messaging and interactive
website.

The new landfill facility will be located in
the southern part of the Gaza Strip and will serve about half of the
population, in the Middle and Southern Governorates. The grant will compliment
about US$25 million in financial contributions from the Palestinian Authority,
participating municipalities and several donors including the European Union,
the French Development Agency, Sweden, Japan and the Islamic Development Bank.

"The rapid population growth in the Gaza Strip
coupled with the deteriorating municipal financial and technical capacities to
manage the generated waste in a sanitary manner have encouraged illegal dumping

and burning of waste," said Ibrahim Dajani, World Bank Senior Operations
Officer. "The project will establish a solid waste management system and
strengthen institutional capacity to manage the sector efficiently. It will
also promote private sector partnerships and generate jobs for waste pickers

and their families."

The US$3 million grant to the North Gaza
Wastewater Treatment Project, approved by the Bank on April 10, 2014, is in
line with the Bank's commitment to provide a sustainable solution to managing
wastewater in North Gaza.

"Despite the significant challenges associated
with a large scale infrastructure project in a conflict affected area, the
World Bank is committed to the construction of a modern wastewater treatment
plant and the development of a reuse program to irrigate surrounding fields
with safely treated effluent.

With this new grant, the World
Bank's total contribution towards the project amounts to US$29.8 million in
addition to US$7.5 million in supplemental co-financing," said the World Bank
statement.

"The collapse of sewage ponds at the
overloaded Beit Lahiya wastewater treatment plant in northern Gaza in 2007
raised critical questions about the long-term viability of water management
systems in the Gaza Strip," said Richard Pollard, World Bank Senior Water and
Sanitation Specialist.

"The groundwater is alarmingly contaminated by
leaked sewage. While the project was developed as a response to an emergency
acute public health and environmental crisis, the new grant aims to ensure the
long term sustainability of the facility, the recovery of about 15,000 M3/day of

treated wastewater and development of the needed institutional capacity to
manage, operate, and maintain the treatment plant."

M.N./T.R.

© 2014 Palestine News & Information Agency (WAFA).

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 200


                  Copyright 2014 Palestine News Agency - WAFA
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              232 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                          January 20, 2016, Wednesday

KANAWHA SOLID WASTE AUTHORITY;
Officials aim to buy new building;
Authority hopes to use grant from DEP

BYLINE: Daniel Desrochers, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1C

LENGTH: 532 words


Before they go in front of the Kanawha County Commission next week, members of
the county's Solid Waste Authority hope to find out more about their financial
situation from the state Department of Environmental Protection.

Authority members want to know if they can use money from a DEP grant to buy a
new building. The grant was for new equipment, but if the authority can buy the
building, it won't need some of the equipment.

The Solid Waste Authority has found a building that is move-in ready. It's
located close to their current location and the seller hasn't put the building
on the market officially, thinking that the space might be shared while the
seller finds a new location. It has not released information about the seller or
the location.

If the Solid Waste Authority is allowed to move into the new space, it would be
able to save money by no longer using Waste Management to transport its
materials and no longer having to pay a processing fee to WV Cashin in Nitro.

Moving into that space, however, would depend on getting Charleston and South
Charleston involved. Currently, the two largest cities in Kanawha County
transport their recyclables to Beckley to be processed. That has allowed
Charleston to use a single-stream recycling system, meaning that all recyclables
are put in the same bin. If Charleston were to bring its recyclables to Kanawha
County, while it would save money on transportation, it would have to either
move away from single-stream or swallow some of the cost.

"Single-stream is definitely a lot more expensive on our end and that's what
we've got to sit down and discuss, said James Young, executive director of the
Solid Waste Authority. "We can no longer handle the total cost of recycling, if
it's single-stream, dual-stream or whatever.

Part of the reason the Solid Waste Authority can't handle the cost of recycling
is the current market. The Solid Waste Authority generated only $231 in
recycling revenue in December, down from the $608 they received in November.

Beckley can afford to process a single-stream system because they supplement
their recycling center with money from a landfill but the Solid Waste Authority
doesn't have that kind of support, Young said.

"The more difficult it is on our end, the cost increases and that needs to be
shared in some way, Young said.

The Solid Waste Authority hopes to reallocate the grant money so that it can get
a processing facility up and running as soon as possible to minimize its losses.
While the Solid Waste Authority is able to pay its bills for January, it only
has around $3,800 left over for the next month.

If the DEP doesn't allow the Solid Waste Authority to use the grant money, the
authority could still go through the loan process with the Solid Waste board,
but it would take much longer to get the operation up and running. That could
potentially require the Solid Waste Authority shutting down its drop site to
save money until it gets a building operating.

Solid Waste Authority officials hope to meet with DEP before they go in front of
the Kanawha County Commission on Jan. 28.

Reach Daniel Desrochers at dan.desrochers@wvgazettemail.com, 304-348-4886 or
follow @drdesrochers on Twitter.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Charleston Newspapers


                              233 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                 The Dominion Post (Morgantown, West Virginia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             April 19, 2015 Sunday

SWA still operates in county

BYLINE: Ben Conley, The Dominion Post, Morgantown, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1433 words


April 19--When the Monongalia County Solid Waste Authority (MCSWA) Board of
Directors voted in December to close its recycling processing center, it marked
the somewhat inevitable end of an improbable run.

But it by no means marked the end of the county's solid waste authority.

Established on Jan. 1, 1989, by West Virginia State Code, Chapter 22, solid
waste authorities (SWA) were intended to provide comprehensive programs of solid
waste collection, processing, recycling and disposal. It also allowed two or
more counties to band together to create a regional authority.

Each SWA is made up of two appointees by the county commission; one from the
public service commission; one by the department of environmental protection;
and one from the soil conservation district.

Each solid waste authority in West Virginia receives some state funding. Of the
$8.25 of special revenue charged per ton on waste dumped in the state's
landfills, $1.25 is set aside -- half is distributed among the state's 55
counties and the other half funds a grant program exclusively for county and
regional SWAs.

These funds, along with varying levels of support through grant funding and the
county, help the SWAs perform eight essential duties per state code. Those
duties include:

Development of a comprehensive litter and solid waste control plan.

Development of a recycling plan as a component of the comprehensive litter and
solid waste control plan.

Development of a commercial solid waste facility citing plan.

Promoting and encouraging source reduction, reuse and recycling activities.

Identifying and prioritizing open dumps within the county or region.

Issuing certificates of site approval for commercial solid waste facilities.

Coordinating public and private sector solid waste activities.

Implementing a mandatory disposal program.

While recycling is something that falls under the SWA's influence, recycling
programs are not typically implemented and run by a county or regional
authority. Authorities typically provide more of a research, educational or
promotional support role.

Further, for a solid waste authority to provide a county-wide recycling program
that is not heavily subsidized by either grants, revenue from in-county
landfill(s) or county government is rare according to West Virginia Solid Waste
Management Board Executive Director Mark Holstine.

"Monongalia [County] had a very successful program," Holstine said. "Most solid
waste authorities do not have recycling programs. They just don't do that ... So
no, it's certainly not the norm for a solid waste authority to have such a
recycling program."

Recently, longtime MCSWA board members Hayward Helmick and Bob McConnell sat
with The Dominion Post to discuss the history of the county's solid waste
authority recycling program.

Getting started,

Helmick said the MCSWA took over the Monongalia County Community Recycling
Center in 2002.

In 2005, changes came by way of the A. James Manchin Rehabilitation
Environmental Action Plan. This essentially took -- among other things -- solid
waste authorities out from under the Department of Natural Resources and placed
them under the Department of Environmental Protection (DEP).

"With this in place, programs had to be transferred over to solid waste
authorities and, originally, if they had any real estate or assets for those
purposes, all that was supposed to have been deeded to the solid waste
authority, as the local subsidiary of the DEP," Helmick explained.

While Monongalia County didn't have any such property, the city of Morgantown
did -- on Lockside Drive, off River Road. Eventually, the property would be
deeded to the county with the MCSWA's approval.

By this time, the MCSWA had already begun planning a county recycling program.

"We did a lot of research and fact finding. Very few of them ever approached the
level of being self-sustaining. They were all highly subsidized," Helmick said.
"And if you end up running on grants, what happens the first time you don't get
the grant? You don't have a program."

The MCSWA would not need to rely on grant dollars, however, thanks to an
agreement with Morgantown, and the city's contracted waste hauler, BFI.

"The code says that major haulers like that ... they're supposed to recycle 30
percent of their material. But the code doesn't say they have to process it,"
Helmick said. "So BFI came to us ... a memorandum of understanding was drawn up
that we would process their recycling and supply them with documentation so that
they would satisfy the recycling mandate."

Internally, the MCSWA was looking at whether the material from BFI could be sold
to raise the funding needed to get the recycling program off the ground
countywide. The agreement was solidified through the city's deal, stating that
all the recyclables would go to the MCSWA.

"We processed that material and sold it on the open market. The very first year
-- we took it over in April with a budget, I think, of $16,000 -- we came out
OK. We went from $16,000 to $150,000 in revenue," Helmick said.

McConnell said that not only was BFI bringing separated material to the MCSWA,
it was also dropping off all the cardboard from its commercial accounts.

"That's where the big money was at the time," McConnell said. "And BFI was still
benefiting because now, instead of paying to get rid of this material in a
landfill, they could bring it to us where they didn't have to pay to get rid of
it."

With this agreement in place, the MCSWA continued to grow the county recycling
program, taking in a larger variety of products and placing recycling bins at
nearly a dozen satellite drop-off sites over the next several years.

On top of the recyclables being dropped off by county residents, the cardboard
and other material coming in from WVU and through BFI, the MCSWA generated
$743,211.74 on the sale of 5,420 tons of material at the peak of its recycling
program, in 2011, according to MCSWA documents.

In late 2013, the MCSWA moved from the Lockside Drive location to its own
20,000-square-foot processing center in the Morgantown Industrial Park.

Moving on

But even as the MCSWA moved into its new home, the tide had already turned.

Helmick said that he and McConnell asked Morgantown officials to keep the same
recycling agreement in place when it signed its next contract with a trash
hauler. He said they quickly realized that was not going to happen.

"Our 30-minute meeting with the city ended up being about three minutes,"
Helmick said.

Morgantown signed a contract with Republic Services in October of that year that
included a single-stream recycling service.

"After that, there really wasn't any point because we couldn't handle the single
stream anyway. But what hurt the worst, what had the most impact, was losing the
cardboard we lost from the city and the university," McConnell said. "So once it
started, you can see the dominoes start to fall, boom, boom, boom."

The MCSWA saw tonnage fall from the high-water mark of 5,420 tons in 2011, to
4,498 in 2012, 3,790 in 2013 and 2,964 in 2014. Compounding that loss was a
tanking commodities market, meaning they were not only getting less material,
but getting less for it.

And now there's a monthly rent payment topping $11,000 to contend with. The
county also reduced its contribution to the MCSWA in conjunction with a decision
to pull the roadside litter crew away from the MCSWA.

All these factors were among the reasons the board decided to pull the plug.

While Helmick said he hated to see the program go because of the service it
provided county residents, he said it was always somewhat inevitable that it
would.

"It's black and white in our planning documents. We knew that sooner or later we
would be victims of our own success. We got into it because we looked, and it
was a service that wasn't being provided by the private sector. If it was, we
had no business getting into it," Helmick said. "And once we started, we often
discussed, at what point would it be conducive for the private sector to look at
it. Because at that point, we step away. We're mandated that we're not supposed
to compete or infringe on the private sector."

The question moving forward, McConnell said, is whether the MCSWA focuses on
getting countywide recycling back on track, or looks down the road at what the
future holds.

"What do we want recycling to look like in the future? Regardless of what comes
about, what do we really want?" McConnell asked. "And how are we going to get
there?"

___ (c)2015 The Dominion Post (Morgantown, W.Va.) Visit The Dominion Post
(Morgantown, W.Va.) at www.dominionpost.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150419-MV-SWA-still-operates-in-county-0419-20150419

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MV


                        Copyright 2015 The Dominion Post


                              234 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                             June 22, 2010 Tuesday

USA: Belarus To Benefit From World Bank and Global Environment Facility Support
For Solid Waste Management

LENGTH: 465  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, June 22 -- The World Bank Board of Executive Directors today approved a
US$ 42.5 million loan and a US$ 5.5 million Global Environment Facility[i] (GEF)
grant for the Integrated Solid Waste Management Project for the Republic of
Belarus. The goal of this Project is to increase environmental benefits of
integrated solid waste management and reduce environmental and health risks
associated with the presence and release of the Persisted Organic Pollutants
(POPs), according to a press release issued by World Bank.

Belarus' commitment to environmental protection is reflected in a number of long
term national programs. The Integrated Solid Waste Management Project is aligned
with the priorities outlined in the Country Assistance Strategy of the World
Bank for the Republic of Belarus, which aims to achieve sustained economic
growth and support the environment, service delivery, and efficient utilization
of public services.

The Project supports the design, construction and supervision of a 120,000
ton/year modern mechanical waste separation plant in the City of Grodno, and
improving the collection of separate waste in the city of Grodno. The initiative
seeks to recover recyclable materials and includes implementation of public
information and awareness raising activities.

'The Project will help reduce, recycle and reuse valuable materials in the City
of Grodno utilizing best international practices of integrated solid waste
management,' said Maha Armaly, World Bank Task Team Leader for the Project. 'The
GEF financed component will support the Government's actions to minimize and
mitigate environmental and health risks related to POPs.'

The GEF grant will strengthen national capacity to manage hazardous wastes,
specifically those associated with POPs, and support Belarus in meeting its
obligations under the Stockholm Convention on Persistent Organic Pollutants.
Grant activities aim to ensure environmentally sound management of the
destruction of high-priority stockpiles of POPs and associated contaminated
equipment, provide secure storage for lower risk stockpiles, and support
planning infrastructure to manage future POPs generation.

The new World Bank loan is at a rate equal to US Dollar LIBOR plus the Variable
Spread. Loan repayment period is fifteen years including five-year grace period.

Belarus joined the World Bank in 1992. Since then, the Bank's lending
commitments to Belarus totaled US$ 685 million for 10 projects. About thirty
national programs received grant financing totaling US$ 24 million. Belarus is
currently using World Bank financing in five infrastructure projects Published
by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For more information on
news feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              235 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            August 18, 2005 Thursday

Kettering accepts grants

BYLINE: By Joanne Clodfelter For the Dayton Daily News

SECTION: KETTERING OAKWOOD; Pg. Z1-6

LENGTH: 167 words


KETTERING - The city of Kettering accepted more than $200,000 in state grants to
support services for youths at its Aug. 9 City Council meeting.

A $39,400 grant from the Ohio Department of Alcohol and Drug Addiction Services
will fund the Kettering Youth Council and the Kettering Healthy Youth Advisory
Board for another year.

The city will match the grant with $7,880, or 20 percent, for a total of
$47,280.

A $168,525 grant from the Montgomery County Department of Job and Family
Services will fund the After School Enrichment Program and the School Community
Liaison Program.

Also, Assistant City Manager Mark Schwieterman told the council that Waste
Management Inc., the city's waste hauler, is passing along the state increase in
a tipping fee to residents.

Since the third-quarter bills have been mailed, the next bills will reflect the
increase for the third and fourth quarters.

Schwieterman estimated the increase will cost residents an additional 20 to 30
cents per month, or 90 cents per quarter.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              236 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           The Ironton Tribune, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 12, 2010 Thursday

Don't dump those tires: Solid waste district offering free disposal at three
sites

BYLINE: Benita Heath, The Ironton Tribune, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 425 words


Aug. 12--The July rains brought home the reality that trash and debris thrown
into streams and ravines in the county came mean homes and belongings washed
away.

That is one of the reasons that the Lawrence-Scioto Solid Waste Management
District is sponsoring a tire amnesty program at the end of August.

"Too many people are dumping tires out on county roads, hillsides and streams,"
Dan Palmer, local solid waste management coordinator, said. "There has to be a
way of disposing of them."

With a $20,000 grant from the Ohio Department of Natural Resources, the district
will offer three dates and locations for county residents to bring in up to 10
tires to be disposed of at no cost.

Participants must show proof of residency with an Ohio driver's license and
tires must be off the rim. Businesses may not participate in the program.

The Lawrence-Scioto district was among 28 agencies in the state to receive the
tire amnesty grant. A total of $406,189 was given out by the DNR with 12 solid
waste management districts and eight county health departments in the state
among those getting the funding.

Tires collected will be sold to Dalton Tire Recycling in Ashland, Ky., where
they will be turned into a variety of household and gardening uses from mulch to
playground covering.

"I sent out three bids and Dalton Tire received the bid," Palmer said. "He is
licensed and approved by the Ohio EPA."

Participants are asked to stay in their vehicles and let those working unload
the tires.

"You don't have to vacate your vehicle," Palmer said. "If you are in the eastern
end and miss that date, you can come to the other two sites. I hope people take
advantage of this. I don't know when I can do this again. We are lucky statewide
to get this."

Tire Amnesty Program Dates:

--Monday, Aug. 23, from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. at the Lawrence County Fairgrounds
entrance off County Road 411, Proctorville.

--Wednesday, Aug. 25, from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. at the Burlington-Fayette Fire
Department, 7681 County Road, Burlington.

--Friday, Aug. 27 from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. at the South Ironton Industrial Park,
Commerce Drive, Ironton.

To see more of the Ironton Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.irontontribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Ironton Tribune, Ohio
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100812-1IR-Don-t-dump-those-tires-20100812

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1IR


                    Copyright 2010 The Ironton Tribune, Ohio


                              237 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                            August 19, 2006 Saturday

Humboldt/Del Norte share waste management grant

BYLINE: The Times-Standard

SECTION: LOCAL; News

LENGTH: 244 words


The California Integrated Waste Management Board (CIWMB) has approved a regional
grant of $228,675 to help Del Norte and Humboldt counties improve their
household hazardous waste (HHW) collection and processing programs.

Each county was also awarded a $7,000 grant to expand universal waste collection
programs.

This regional grant was coordinated by the Del Norte Solid Waste Management
Authority and includes programs from the Humboldt Waste Management Authority
(HWMA) and the city of Fortuna.

HWMA will use approximately $80,000 to make improvements to its existing
hazardous waste collection facility.

"In the past three years we have collected over 663,000 pounds of hazardous
waste from county residents and businesses," said Ray Stonebarger, HWMA
hazardous waste coordinator. "We are projecting a 55 percent increase in
collections for 2006. This grant will allow HWMA to expand its collection
activity."

HWMA will also provide staff to a city of Fortuna household hazardous waste
collection event. The city currently has no HHW collection services, and this
event will help the city examine collection requirements.

The $7,000 universal waste grants will be used to provide education about the
recycling and disposal of electronic waste in Del Norte and Humboldt counties.
Radio and television spots and brochures will be used to inform the public about
the importance of proper disposal of our growing e-waste problem, everything
from cell phones to televisions.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                              238 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 5, 2013 Thursday

Iowa: Approval Sought for Numerous Contracts at December EPC Meeting

LENGTH: 553  words

DATELINE: Des Moines


Department of Natural Resources, The State of Iowa has issued the following news
release:

Contracts for watershed projects, Iowa Learning Farms and solid waste programs
are up for the Iowa Environmental Protection Commission's approval at the Dec.
17 meeting in Windsor Heights at the DNR Air Quality Building at 7900 Hickman
Road.

A contract with the Iowa Department of Agriculture and Land Stewardship (IDALS)
for Big Creek Lake Watershed Project II requests resources to complete Phase 1
of the Big Creek Lake Watershed Management Plan for bacteria reduction and
aggressively address sediment and phosphorus loading to the lake in Project II.
Funding will come from federal Section 319 grant dollars for nonpoint source
pollution reduction. Implementation of best management practices are expected to
reduce bacteria impairment and reduce sediment phosphorous loading by 30
percent.

Approval is also sought for a nine-month contract with the Rathbun Water
Alliance to develop a nine-element interim watershed management plan. This will
serve as a strategy for addressing non-point source pollution in the Rathbun
watershed from 2014 to 2020. The interim plan will organize updated assessments
and identify and prioritize agricultural nonpoint sources of water quality
impairments in the watershed until the Rathbun Lake total maximum daily load
project is completed and approved in 2018.

In other action, commissioners will be asked to approve a one-year contract with
IDALS-DSC for Iowa Learning Farms to continue to educate people about soil and
water quality improvement, manure and fertilizer nutrient management and general
conservation information.

Additionally, the commission will be asked to approve Solid Waste Environmental
Management Systems' Grant Award recommendations. Eight applicants were selected
to receive amounts above $25,000 and the DNR is required to obtain the EPC's
approval before entering into contracts with the awardees.

The meeting will begin at 10 a.m. Public comments are scheduled for 10:30 a.m.

The complete agenda follows:

Approval of Agenda
    Approval of Minutes
    Director's Remarks
    Clean Water and Drinking Water State Revolving Loan Fund -- FY 2014 Intended
Use Plans -- Third Quarter Updates
    Contract - Iowa Department of Agriculture and Land Stewardship -- Big Creek
Lake Watershed Project II
    Contract - Rathbun Water Alliance -- Rathbun Lake Interim Watershed
Management Plan
    Contract with IDALS Division of Soil Conservation for Iowa Learning Farms
Project
    Contract with Iowa State University for "Water Rocks!," Phase II, a Youth
Water Quality Education Project
    Amendment of Contract with McFadden Environmental, Inc. for Risk-Based
Corrected Action Review Assistance Project
    Contract -- Keep Iowa Beautiful -- Beautification Grant Program Amendment
    Solid Waste Environmental Management Systems' Grant Award Recommendations
    Solid Waste Alternatives Program -- Contract Recommendations
    Financial & Business Assistance Pollution Prevention Program
    Monthly Reports
    General Discussion
    EPC Annual Report
    Items for Next Month's Meeting
    Jan. 21 - EPC Business Meeting, Windsor Heights
    Jan. 22 - NRC/EPC Joint Meeting, Des Moines
    Feb. 18 - EPC business Meeting, Windsor Heights

For further information please visit: http://www.iowadnr.gov/

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              239 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                    The Blairsville Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 30, 2010 Friday

Indiana County waste plan getting update

BYLINE: Jared Stout, The Blairsville Dispatch, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 531 words


Apr. 30--The Indiana County Solid Waste Authority will receive a $68,227 grant
for expenses related to updating the county's municipal waste management plan.

The commissioners had applied for the Municipal Waste Plan grant last year, and
Tim Long of the solid waste authority informed the commissioners at their
meeting Wednesday that the county was awarded the grant from the state
Department of Environ-mental Protection.

The grant requires a 20 percent match of about $17,000, which will be paid for
by the solid waste authority.

The planning process funded by the grant began earlier this year, Long said.

The commissioners appointed 27 members to a committee, which has met once with a
consultant for the 10-year plan.

"The process to update the plan will continue through the remainder of the year,
and we should have at least three more meetings with the advisory committee as
we move through the process," Long said. "We're looking at waste generation,
recycling activities, everything related to waste in the county."

Also at Wednesday's meeting, the commissioners approved a change order to a
contract with JMK Concrete Specialists for excavating and grading on two lots at
the Corporate Campus Business Park in Burrell Township.

The change order of $61,740 is for grading, loading and transporting of 6,860
cubic yards of excess topsoil from the Corporate Campus site to another Indiana
County Development Corporation site in the Coral-Graceton area.

"We ran into roughly about 10,000 cubic yards of extra topsoil," said Byron
Stauffer, executive director of the office of planning and development.

The remainder of the excess topsoil was used elsewhere at the Corporate Campus
or is being sold to local landscaping companies.

The change order will be paid for through the Pennsylvania Redevelopment
Assistance Capital Program.

The county will contract with Language Line Interpreter Services to provide
Children and Youth Services with a way to communicate with non-English speakers.

Language Line provides back-and-forth translation for two people who are having
a telephone conversation in two different languages.

CYS executive director Paula McClure said her office has recently found an
increasing need to communicate with Spanish and Chinese immigrants.

The services are on an as-needed basis and will cost $1.85 per minute for
Spanish and $2 per minute for any other language. McClure said she expects it
will cost the county less than $500 per year total.

A time extension has been granted to the contractor for construction on the
Cherry Run Bridge until Sept. 22. Commissioner Rod Ruddock said the extension
will not cost the county any money.

May 11 is the last day to apply for an absentee ballot for the May 18 primary
election.

To see more of The Blairsville Dispatch or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.pittsburghlive.com/x/blairsvilledispatch/. Copyright (c) 2010, The
Blairsville Dispatch, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services.
For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100430-DH-Indiana-County-waste-plan-getting-update-0430

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DH


                    Copyright 2010 The Blairsville Dispatch


                              240 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                Richmond County Daily Journal, Rockingham, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 10, 2012 Tuesday

Rockingham reviews county solid waste plan

BYLINE: Richmond County Daily Journal, Rockingham, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 288 words


April 10--The Richmond County Solid Waste Management Plan will be reviewed by
the Rockingham City Council at its regular monthly meeting at 7:30 p.m. tonight,
at City Hall, 514 Rockingham Road, Rockingham.

County officials are asking City Council to review and approve of the solid
waste plan.

State law requires the county to update the 10-year management plan every three
years.

The solid waste management plan covers Richmond County and its six incorporated
municipalities; Rockingham, Hamlet, Dobbins Heights, Ellerbe, Hoffman, Norman.
The majority of county residents live in unincorporated areas.

Other council agenda items include:

--A public hearing to receive citizen input for the close-out of a Community
Development Block Grant Recovery Project that saw installation of public sewer
in the Jefferson Park, Cliff and Edwin street areas.

--Presentation of the Rockingham Housing Authority 2011 Annual report by
Executive Director Chereka Belton-Odom.

--Consideration of a resolution approving the 2007 Local Water Supply Plan
update.

--Consideration of a resolution opposing any changes to the designation of U.S.
Highway 1 and the proposed U.S. Highway 1 Bypass as a Strategic Highway Corridor
by the NC Department of Transportation that would negatively affect funding and
priority.

--Presentation by Relay for Life Committee representative Anna Thomas regarding
the designation of April as "Purple Ribbon Month" in Rockingham.

--Presentation of a Criminal Investigation Certificate to Officer Donavan Young
by Police Chief Billy Kelly.

___ (c)2012 the Richmond County Daily Journal (Rockingham, N.C.) Visit the
Richmond County Daily Journal (Rockingham, N.C.) at www.yourdailyjournal.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120410-RU-Rockingham-reviews-county-solid-waste-plan-0410-20120410

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RU


                                 Copyright 2012


                              241 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                            August 6, 2015 Thursday

Cut in Octroi Grant to Add to Civic Woes of Millennium City

LENGTH: 446 words

DATELINE: CUTTACK


CUTTACK, Aug. 6 -- Civic works in the millennium city are set to take a severe
hit with the State Government effecting a huge cut in grants extended to the
Cuttack Municipal Corporation.

The State Government has substantially reduced Octroi Compensation Grant, almost
halving the annual amount from Rs 70 crore to Rs 40 crore this year, seating the
corporation on an acute funds crunch situation.

The effect has already begun to show with the CMC authorities curtailing crucial
development projects while deciding not to start any new work till the funds
issue is sorted out. The grant reduction, more importantly, has also put regular
works like sanitation and solid waste management at stake.

The Cuttack Municipal Corporation (CMC) sustains on the strength of Octroi
compensation grant provided by the Government. Almost all crucial expenditure
from salary, electricity, routine civic works to initiation of new projects are
dependant on it. Sanitation and solid waste management expenditure account for a
major portion of the grant.

According to CMC sources, the expenditure on salary alone amounts to over Rs 44
crore per year and another Rs 10 crore on payment of arrears. While electricity
charges are around Rs 6 crore, solid waste management and sanitation take over
Rs 15 crore per year.

These will take a major hit as the grant amount has been cut by a massive Rs 30
crore. The CMC presently generates around Rs 8 crore from its own sources, which
can be increased to Rs 20 crore at the most. But the funds will still fall far
short of basic minimum requirement.

"The reduction will no doubt hit us hard. We have now to reorganise and
restrategise priorities to cope with the shortage. As a beginning, works that
can be commissioned from CMCs own sources have been stopped so that funds can be
made available to the regular and more vital sectors", Commissioner Gyana Das
said.

The Corporation Council has also reacted strongly to the funds cut by the
Government. "It is sheer injustice to the oldest city of the State. The CMC has
recently expanded from 54 wards to 59 wards and is in dire need of fund to
effect proper development of the millennium city. The Government's action is on
the contrary and will have serious repercussions", Chairman, standing committee
on Public Works of CMC, Chiranjay Sahoo said.

The CMC authorities are also set to write to the Government requesting it to
re-examine the decision keeping the interests and pressing needs of Cuttack in
mind.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Indian Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              242 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            March 10, 2005 Thursday

Grant sought for new supplies;
New Lebanon expects reply in next few months

BYLINE: By William G. Schmidt For the Dayton Daily News

SECTION: SOUTHWEST; Pg. Z8-2

LENGTH: 420 words


NEW LEBANON - The New Lebanon council unanimously approved an ordinance March 1
that authorized the municipal manager to seek a grant for playground equipment.

The village will apply for an incentive grant through the Solid Waste Management
policy committee. The $3,000 grant is a 50-50 match; the village would have to
come up with $1,500 if the application is approved.

Municipal Manager Anna Clark told council members that the application was due
by March 15 and that the village could expect a reply in a couple of months.

The Solid Waste Management grant requires that any playground equipment
purchased be constructed with at least 50 percent recycled material. Clark said
the equipment would be earmarked for Stanley Jones Park, near the municipal
building.

"That park is probably used more than Fuls Road Park," she said.

The money might be used for benches, too. The grant is similar to one the
village received several years ago.

In other matters:

* Village Council authorized Clark to sign documents that relate to a Federal
Emergency Management Agency public assistance grant that might help the village
with the cost of snow removal. Both Clark and Karen Grimmett, New Lebanon's
director of finance and records, have already attended a meeting that explained
the program.

Any money the village receives would be used strictly for the cost of snow
removal. The village must first itemize the equipment used, the hours expended
and list employees who completed the work.

"It's for the worst 48 hours you had during the snowfall period," Clark said.

The village received about 18 inches of snow Dec. 23.

The dollar figure the village spent during that snowfall is not yet known nor is
the percentage amount the federal government might reimburse them.

Clark said she expects the process to "be quick" and that the village might know
the results in the next couple of weeks.

* Council also heard a second reading of an ordinance that deals with nonpayment
penalties on trash bills.

The ordinance would bring the language for trash bills in line with that for
sewer and water bills. The village would be allowed to place a lien on a
property when the bill is not paid on time. Liens, the village said, are
traditionally placed only on vacant properties.

A final vote was expected at the March 15 meeting.

* Acting police Chief Rick Daulton commended Patrolman Michael Wilmer for his
arrest of a bank robbery suspect Jan. 25. Wilmer was recommended for the honor
by Sgt. David Adkins "for his courageousness and professionalism."

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              243 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                             May 10, 2014 Saturday

Jalalabad Solid Waste Project

LENGTH: 289  words


Project Reference Number: 42472
Project Status: Active
Project Phase:Planning
Project Value: EUR 10.2 million. (14.02 USD)
Project Location:Kyrgyz Republic
Scope of Work:


The EBRD is considering providing a loan of up to EUR 1.5 million to finance
critical solid waste investments for the City of Jalalabad (the  City ) and six
neighbouring municipalities; Atabekov, Barpy, Tash-Bulak, Yrys, Kyzyl-Tuu, and
Suzak (the  Municipalities ).
It is expected that the European Investment Bank would provide an up to EUR 2.5
million co-financing loan and that the EU  s Investment Facility for Central
Asia (IFCA) would provide EUR 4 million in the form of a grant.
The proceeds of the loans and the grant will finance urgently needed sanitary
landfill, closure of the existing dumpsite, and upgrade of collection and
transportation system. The project will result in an improved level of solid
waste services and environmental improvements in the City and the
Municipalities.
The project will measure success by monitoring the following indicators before
and after project implementation: Population with improved solid waste
management services. Measured by the number of households with improved solid
waste management services multiplied by average household size and total tonnage
of solid waste collected and disposed Project completion date : 2015-12-31
12:00:00  Major organization : MUNICIPALITY OF JALALABAD
Address : Jalalabad
Country :Kyrgyzstan Financier : European Bank for Reconstruction and Development
(EBRD),
Financier address : European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD)
One Exchange Square
London EC2A 2JN
United Kingdom
Tel:44 207 338 6000
Email:environmentandsocial@ebrd.com
Website : http://www.ebrd.com
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2014 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              244 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            January 18, 2011 Tuesday
                                   L2 Edition

Grant helps recycler become educator

BYLINE: By Mick Zawislak mzawislak@dailyherald.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 428 words


The Jacobs family of Libertyville used to subscribe to unlimited garbage pickup
-- the most expensive plan.

But in recent years, their disposal habits shifted, and it was a 65-gallon
recycling container that was wheeled to the curb.

"We filled that baby every week," says Terry Jacobs, whose passion for recycling
has led to a $5,000 grant and the backing of the village as a community educator
on the subject.

"I've been a resident of Libertyville for more than 20 years. The challenge and
the opportunity have been evident for a long time," she said. "Finally, you come
to a point you see it starts with an individual."

And as the grant recipient, Jacobs will spread the word throughout the community
by making presentations to students, seniors, Scouts, community groups and
social clubs -- whoever will have her.

"There really is no limit. I know there are a lot of people just as interested,"
she said.

The grant to support recycling education came from Keep America Beautiful Inc.,
and is made possible through Waste Management Inc., which operates the
Countryside Landfill and the adjoining Lake County Recycle America processing
center in Grayslake.

Jacobs took the initiative to apply and submit a grant proposal after touring
the plant. Because a supporting partner was needed, the village agreed to
administer the grant and Jacobs will work as a volunteer on its behalf.

The grant is part of Keep America Beautiful's Target City awards, presented to
grass-roots groups nationally to prevent litter, reduce waste and beautify
public spaces.

While filling that 65-gallon container was rewarding, Jacobs said she realized
an even better goal was to reduce the amount of recyclables through smarter
purchases.

The family has reduced its waste disposal costs from about $80 to $18 every
three months, and no longer needs the large recycling toter. Instead,
recyclables are put in a small bin for collection every two or three weeks.

Jacobs said the family tries to purchase only what it needs without unnecessary
packaging -- using a refillable tape dispenser, for example, rather than buying
a new, self-contained one each time. The family also uses its own reusable cloth
or canvass bags when shopping.

With the grant money, Jacobs plans to develop "toter tools" to inform
Libertyville residents about recycling and reducing the amount of waste. The
tools will strive to make recycling easier, she said, but there won't be many
handouts.

"I try as much as possible to limit the use of paper," she said.

The information is intended to supplement information on the village website.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Courtesy of terry Jacobs Libertyville resident Terry Jacobs was awarded
a $5,000 grant to educate the community about recycling.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              245 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                            September 8, 2008 Monday
                                  Mars Edition

Sewer board frustrated by contract delays

BYLINE: NANCY J. SULOK, Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 573 words


SOUTH BEND - The Regional Sewer and Water District board agreed Thursday it
needs to settle on a contract with Waste Management Inc. to build a sewage
treatment plant near Wyatt.

The project has been dragging on for months as lawyers try to hammer out details
in a contract with Waste Management, operator of the Prairie View Landfill.

The company is to build the plant, then donate it to the county, along with the
five acres it will occupy.

Lack of a contract is one factor causing the district to miss a deadline to
apply for a $500,000 grant to help pay for the plant and for sewers in the
nearby town of Wyatt. The money would come from the Office of Community and
Rural Affairs.

The district also expects to get money from the U.S. Department of Agriculture
in rural development funds. That would represent 75 percent of the $1.3 million
cost of construction, said Kenneth K. Jones, president of Wightman Petrie
consulting engineers.

Jones said the deadline for the OCRA grant application is just   days away, so
the district likely will be in the next round of applications, in early 2009. He
wasn't sure if the delay will require the district to readvertise the project
and have another public hearing on it.

The board and other interested parties obviously were frustrated by the delays.
They had hoped to have a signed agreement in hand already in order to seek bids
for the work in January. The delay could set the bidding process back to July,
Jones said.

That could result in higher prices and difficulty attracting bidders during the
height of construction season, he warned. He suggested the board proceed with
bids even before the grant is assured.

Steven Carter, with H.J. Umbaugh & Associates financial consultants, calculated
the costs of pursuing the project with and without the $500,000 grant.

Without the OCRA grant, he figured, a 75 percent rural development grant would
cover $1,014,000 of the cost, while a rural development loan would cover
$339,000. Total project funding would be $1,353,000.

With the $500,000 grant, Carter said, the rural development grant would drop to
$654,000 and the rural development loan would be $218,000. Total funding, he
said, would be $1,372,000.

Since the sewage plant users in Wyatt will end up paying for some of the costs
through their sewer bills, Carter said, he calculated their potential fees at
$59.47 a month if the OCRA grant does not come through, and $53.05 if it does.

Jones warned that the OCRA grant is very competitive, so the district might not
get it on its first application, or might not get it at all.

The district must have an agreement with Waste Management to move the project
forward, said county Commissioner Mark Dobson, a member of the district board.

"We want this to happen as much as you do," said Bernie Rieder of Waste
Management. The company's contractor for the waste treatment plant is anxious to
get going, he said.

District attorney Stephen Studer said the contract has moved back and forth
between his office and Waste Management, with each making suggested changes.

It's time to sit down and work out a final agreement, Dobson said. He said he is
unwilling to tolerate any more delays.

The board directed Studer and the board's negotiating committee to meet with
Waste Management next week and to draft a final contract that can be signed in
two weeks, at the board's next meeting.

Staff writer Nancy J. Sulok: nsulok@sbtinfo.com (574) 235-6234

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              246 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  July 1, 1996, Monday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

GRANT CONSIDERED TO HELP WITH SCHOOL HEATING PLAN

BYLINE: Phil Sutin And Carolyn Bower Of The Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: ZONE WEST; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 584 words


St. Louis County officials are considering giving the Pattonville School
District up to $ 25,000 to help the district heat Pattonville High School using
methane from a nearby landfill.

The money would come from a surcharge on tipping fees paid by haulers at
landfills. If the grant is awarded, it would be the first project the county
would finance without the project being part of a competition for the money. The
county awarded a dozen grants last winter through competition. Last week, it
sought applications for $ 800,000 in grants that would be awarded in a second
round that will end by December.

Lee Fox, chairman of the county's Solid Waste Commission, on Friday was
skeptical about using tipping fees for Pattonville's proposal. He also was
concerned that the grant would be awarded without competition.

Fox applauded Pattonville's idea. He said it was innovative and conserves
energy. "But it is not solid waste, it is a gas," he said.

Pattonville presented its idea to the commission last January, Fox said. The
commission recommended against it. "In no way could Pattonville justify using
solid waste funds," he said. "The law is very specific on the things for which
the money can be used. And they (Pattonville officials) don't need it. We
thought the matter was put to rest in January, and then we heard about it last
week," he said.

The grant proposal is in the office of Richard Cavanagh, the acting director of
the county Health Department. It needs his approval and that of County Executive
George "Buzz" Westfall and the County Council.

Cavanagh said Associate County Counselor James H. White assured him that using
tipping fees for Pattonville's proposal is legal. The methane-to-boiler project
would be part of a total waste management program, Cavanagh said.

In a letter to Thomas Huddleston, associate superintendent at Pattonville, he
outlined requirements the district must meet to receive the grant.

One of them is: "The project is part of a broader integrated waste management
strategy which includes Pattonville's current recycling efforts. The district
will examine options for further expanding its recycling and source reduction
options and to examine opportunities for buying recycled products."

Joan Bradford, the county's solid waste coordinator, said not all revenue from
the tipping fee is used for grants on solid waste reduction programs. The money
for Pattonville would come from another category, she said.

County Councilman George "Jerry" Corcoran, D-2nd District, last week sent a
letter to Westfall endorsing the project. "Taking the methane gas created in a
landfill and transforming it so it can be burned in the boiler of a public
school is not only recycling, it is also conserving energy and it is making our
air a little cleaner," he wrote. The high school is in his district.

The methane would come from a Fred Weber Inc. landfill just west of the high
school. The decomposition of waste in the landfill is expected to provide
methane for 40 years. Weber would spend $ 220,000 to build a six-inch pipeline
from the landfill to the edge of the high school property. It would provide the
gas for free. The district would bring the pipeline to the school and convert
two hot water boilers to use the gas.

School officials estimated the cost at up to $ 175,000. They have obtained a 2
percent loan for up to $ 150,000 from the state.

The gas would save the school up to $ 40,000 a year in heating bills, Huddleston
said.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 1996

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1996 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              247 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                    Walla Walla Union-Bulletin (Washington)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 8, 2012 Tuesday

Grants to pay for household waste work

BYLINE: Andy Porter, Walla Walla Union-Bulletin, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 690 words


May 08--WALLA WALLA -- Walla Walla, Columbia and Garfield counties have been
awarded more than $800,000 to boost recycling, dispose of hazardous household
waste and make other efforts to reduce solid wastes.

The grants by the state Department of Ecology were part of $18.8 million
disbursed to 95 city and county agencies. The Coordinated Prevention Grants are
given to local governments every two years, said Ann Lowe, Ecology spokeswoman.

The city of Walla Walla and Walla Walla County will receive two grants totaling
about $405,000 and the city of Waitsburg was awarded $28,500. Columbia County
will receive two grants totaling about $198,000 and Garfield County will receive
three grants totaling about $190,000.

The largest grants will all be used for programs to collect and dispose of
household hazardous waste, provide alternatives to outdoor burning and promote
recycling. Other grants will help the counties provide technical assistance and
oversee compliance with local and state solid waste regulations.

Two grants will also allow the purchase of wood chippers to provide an
alternative to outdoor burning of organic material.

In a release, Ecology officials said grant amounts ranged from $3,000 to $1.5
million. The grants require a 25 percent match by the local recipients,
leveraging more than $25 million to support local programs. According to Ecology
estimates, the state and local match allocation will support 393 jobs in the
state.

"These grants give local governments the resources to provide their residents
the services they want and expect," said Laurie Davies, Ecology Waste 2 Resource
Program manager. "These are also effective approaches from an economic
standpoint. Preventing toxic exposure, reducing wastes and proper management and
disposal are smarter, cheaper and healthier than doing costly cleanups later."

Andy Porter can be reached at andyporter@wwub.com or 526-8318.

Who got what

Walla Walla County

Three grants totaling $434,177.

* City of Walla Walla and Walla Walla County -- $266,792 grant for waste
reduction, recycling and composting through education and outreach, household
hazardous waste collection and disposal. The city will also update the Solid
Waste Management Plan.

* City of Walla Walla and Walla Walla County -- $138,885 grant to provide
technical assistance and oversee compliance with local and state waste
regulations, including investigating and resolving 300 solid waste complaints or
concerns and assisting in the proper handling of five junk or nuisance vehicles.

* City of Waitsburg -- $28,500 grant to purchase a wood chipper to use at spring
and fall events as an alternative to outdoor burning or disposal of organic
material. Plans call for city to use 25 tons of chipped material as mulch with
any remaining material taken to a composting facility.

Columbia County

Two grants totaling $198,020

* Columbia County Public Works -- $177,200 grant to collect and dispose of
household hazardous waste; provide alternatives to burning for the city of
Dayton and the town of Starbuck, and collect recycling.

* Columbia County Health District -- $20,820 grant to provide technical
assistance and oversee compliance with local and state waste regulations.

Garfield County

Three grants totaling $190,112

* Garfield County Public Works -- $103,861 grant for waste reduction and
recycling education, recycling collection, recycling facility improvements and
household hazardous waste education and collection

* Garfield County Public Works -- $81,751 grant to purchase a chipper. Plans
call for the county will hold chipping events to provide residents of the county
and the city of Pomeroy an alternative to outdoor burning of organic waste.
County staff will hold a minimum of four chipping events and divert 75 tons of
wood and yard waste material from outdoor burning or disposal.

* Garfield County Health District -- $4,500 grant to provide technical
assistance and oversee compliance with local and state waste regulations.

___ (c)2012 Walla Walla Union-Bulletin (Walla Walla, Wash.) Visit Walla Walla
Union-Bulletin (Walla Walla, Wash.) at union-bulletin.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120508-UN-Grants-to-pay-for-household-waste-work-0508-20120508

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UN


                   Copyright 2012 Walla Walla Union-Bulletin


                              248 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                          November 18, 2015, Wednesday

KANAWHA COUNTY;
Solid Waste Authority has `bad month'

BYLINE: Daniel Desrochers, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P2C

LENGTH: 423 words


The Kanawha County Solid Waste Authority recorded a net loss of $15,765.26 in
the month of October.

That deficit, a significant increase from the approximately $1,000 that it lost
in September, was largely a result of the Solid Waste Authority having to pay
workers compensation and the three pay periods in October. "It was a bad month,
said Executive Director James Young at the authority's board meeting Tuesday. "I
think things will start to stabilize this month.

Members of the Solid Waste Authority recognize they will continue to operate at
a deficit as they work on getting the county's recycling program running again.
Throughout the summer, the authority saw deficits of about $8,000.

While some see recycling as a way to make money that's paid per ton of
recyclables delivered, the high expenses that the Solid Waste Authority faces in
transporting the materials to the recycling plant outweighs the revenue right
now.

In order to combat that, the Solid Waste Authority is relying on grants to get
the materials needed to lower its expenses. The authority received a grant
earlier this year to get a new roll-off truck, but because it was had to
purchase the truck that cost the least, the vehicle won't be delivered until
Jan. 15. It will be February before the hoist is attached in order to make it
functional. Once that truck is operable, the Solid Waste Authority will no
longer have to pay Waste Management to take its recyclables to Nitro, where
they're processed.

The grant that covers the truck will also cover the cost of two storage
containers. Those bids are due today, and the Solid Waste Authority has two so
far.

The Solid Waste Authority also is receiving a Harmony baler with a hopper and
conveyor, two waste clip vertical balers and a can densifier from the West
Virginia Department of Environmental Protection. The equipment comes from a
closed Naval base in Franklin, and although the equipment is from the '90s, it's
still in good shape.

The equipment will go into the new recycling plant that the Solid Waste
Authority is looking to build.

Before the Solid Waste Authority can start moving along with the project, it
must have the land inspected by engineers. The Kanawha County Commission granted
Young permission to go forward with the bid process at the authority's last
meeting, so he will begin to receive bids soon.

The Solid Waste Authority has $17,065.13 in its general operating account. It
have recycled 530 tons this year, and has lost $30,843 in that process. It has
cost them an average of $83.48 per ton.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Charleston Newspapers


                              249 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             May 19, 2005 Thursday

Kettering City Council acquires funds to upgrade six bus stops;
Council also hears update on citywide trash system

BYLINE: By Joanne Clodfelter For the Dayton Daily News

SECTION: KETTERING OAKWOOD; Pg. Z1-5

LENGTH: 301 words


KETTERING - The city of Kettering will upgrade six high-usage bus stops at a
cost of $40,000 through a matching grant provided by the RTA.

The City Council accepted the 80 percent matching grant at its May 10 meeting.

Proposed improvements to the bus stops will include concrete pads, retaining
walls if needed, new benches and matching trash receptacles.

Mark Schwieterman, Kettering's assistant city manager, gave an update on the
citywide trash hauling program, which went into effect in July.

Schwieterman asked that residents notify Waste Management Inc. 24 hours in
advance of when they will have a large item for pickup.

While advance notification is not required, he said that the bulk item pickup is
a very popular program and Waste Management needs help in improving their
efficiency in picking up bulk items.

He also said it would be helpful if residents notified Waste Management about a
bulk item the same day of the pickup.

He also clarified that old appliances, or "white items," are not part of the
bulk item pickup, and are picked up the second Saturday of each month.

White items include washers, dryers, refrigerators and stoves. Residents must
notify WMI in advance for white items. Notification should be made by calling
WMI at (800) 583-1144. Schwieterman said yard debris may be left house side, but
if it is not easily placed in bags, it should be placed at the curb, with a bag
attached to ensure pickup. Grass clippings should be left beside the house in
approved bags. A WMI employee will drag the clippings to the curb for pickup by
another employee. Yard debris bags may be purchased at the city building or at
the city's recycling center. Council also approved $26,956.38 for new telephone
and data processing equipment for the new municipal courts building in the
Kettering Business Park.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              250 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                           January 17, 2015 Saturday

Nurek Solid Waste Sub-Project in Tajikistan

LENGTH: 544  words


Business sector:Municipal and environmental infrastructure
Notice type:Public
Environmental category:B
Target board date:17 Dec 2014
Status:Passed final review, Pending board approval
PSD disclosed:25 Sep 2014
Project Description : The EBRD is considering financing a programme of priority
capital investments to improve the solid waste management services in Nurek
city, Tajikistan.


Proceeds from this transaction will (i) improve landfill sanitary and operating
standards and (ii) increase efficiency/coverage of solid waste collection and
transportation in the city.
The Bank will closely monitor the success of the project. It is proposed that
the following indicators will be monitored before and after the project
implementation:
Population with improved solid waste management services, measured by the number
of households with improved solid waste management services multiplied by the
average household size.
Implementation of the financial and operational targets through technical
assistance.
Covenanted collection rates achieved.
Transition Impact: The proposed sovereign guaranteed loan to a solid waste
company of Nurek aims at the following:
(i) Consolidation of solid waste activities under one company;
(ii) The signing of a Public Service Contract;
(iii) Tariff reform (i.e., adoption of cost recovery principle, tariff increases
to operational cost recovery, etc.); and
(iv) Capacity building for the company (e.g., preparation of a Corporate
Development Programme).
The Client: Newly created, municipality-owned solid waste company in the city of
Nurek.
EBRD Finance: The EBRD will provide a sovereign guaranteed loan of up to USD 2
million to the client.
The project will be co-financed by an investment grant from an international
donor.
Project Cost: Up to USD 5.3 million including investment and technical
cooperation grants.
Environmental Impact: The project has been categorised B in accordance with the
Bank's 2008 Environmental and Social Policy, following an Initial Environmental
and Social Examination (IESE). The IESE was carried out through the review of
the results of the site visit and review of existing documents by independent
consultants. During the IESE, no significant environmental or social issues or
risks were identified. The proposed landfill is located adjacent to the existing
dumpsite. Reportedly, there is no groundwater underneath the proposed site.
There are no water bodies nearby. Also the site is located in an area with very
low precipitation rates, hence leachate production potential is expected to be
low. The site is far from residential areas. No land acquisition or physical
resettlement would be required, and reportedly no economic displacement would be
necessary. Based on these findings, it has been concluded that the impacts that
may rise from the project are site specific and can be readily identified and
addressed through mitigation measures. Hence, the project is categorised B

Project completion date : 2016-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : EUROPEAN BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (EBRD)

Address : One Exchange Square
London EC2A 2JN

Country :United Kingdom
Url : http://www.ebrd.com /

Financier : European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD),

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              251 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                          September 20, 2008, Saturday

STATE Briefs

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P9C

LENGTH: 1123 words


1 injured when bulldozer overturns in Summersville

SUMMERSVILLE - A bulldozer driver was injured Friday afternoon when his dozer
overturned near Jerry Forks in Nicholas County, emergency dispatchers said.

Shortly after 3 p.m., dispatchers received a call about the accident. A Nicholas
dispatcher said the man was doing reclamation work near a mine site at the time
of the accident.

Lt. Michael Hanks, a firefighter with the Keslers Cross Lanes fire department,
said the bulldozer driver was conscious when he was transported to a Charleston
hospital but may have suffered broken bones.

A second Nicholas dispatcher said the man was flown by helicopter to Charleston
Area Medical Center.

Hanks said the man was an employee of Nicholas Energy, a subsidiary of Massey
Energy, Hanks said.

Waste Management seeks OK to buy company

Waste Management Inc. is seeking approval from West Virginia regulators to buy
the assets of a struggling trash collection company for $2.5 million.

Houston-based Waste Management asked the Public Service Commission in August to
transfer Cummings Collection Service's permits and certificates to it. The
company also is seeking emergency authority to take over Cummings' collection
routes.

Cummings has more than 14,000 customers, most of whom are in Putnam County. The
company's trash collections have fallen behind in recent months, prompting
complaints from customers.

WVU receives grant for rural health research

West Virginia University is getting $2.6 million to establish a national rural
health research center.

WVU said Friday it's getting the money from the U.S. Department of Health and
Human Services. The four-year grant goes to WVU's Institute for Health Policy
Research.

WVU received one of six national grants. To qualify, WVU had to identify a
nationally relevant topic of concern. The West Virginia Rural Health Research
Center's principal investigator, Michael Hendryx, says the university chose the
impact of environmental hazards on health and economics in rural communities.

Also, the state Department of Education has been awarded a grant worth more than
$348,000 to develop the Healthy Eating and Activity Teams Tactics project.

The effort will include training, a newsletter for parents and schools, and
school activities designed to help students make healthier choices about eating
and exercise.

Teen smokers more addicted, WVU study finds

MORGANTOWN - West Virginia University research shows teens who volunteer for
programs to quit smoking are more addicted than other young smokers.

The research released Thursday shows teens who want to quit aren't sure they can
give up tobacco. WVU says teens who try to quit are 60 percent more likely to
switch to smokeless tobacco and 200 percent more likely to take up cigars
compared with other teen smokers across the country.

The research was published in the journal Tobacco Induced Diseases. It comes
from data on about 6,000 teens who enrolled in the Not On Tobacco smoking
cessation program from 1998 to 2006.

Marshall cancels classes due to power outage

HUNTINGTON - A failed splice in an underground electrical cable in a substation
is to blame for a power outage in Huntington that prompted the closure of
Marshall University on Friday.

In addition to the university's Huntington campus, classes were canceled at the
Marshall Community & Technical College.

Marshall spokesman Bill Bissett said the Drinko Library, large portions of Old
Main and the Robert C. Byrd Biotechnology Science Center didn't lose power
because of backup generators.

American Electric Power reported on its Web site that power was restored to all
customers by late Friday afternoon, but spokesman Phil Moye said the power would
have to be turned off for another hour Friday night so that final repairs could
be made.

United Bank expects Lehman-related charge

United Bank's corporate parent expects third-quarter earnings to be hurt by the
bankruptcy of investment bank Lehman Brothers.

Charleston-based United Bankshares says in a Securities and Exchange Commission
filing today that it owns a $10 million Lehman Brothers bond and expects to take
a non-cash impairment charge in the quarter. United says the bond amounts to
about 0.125 percent of its $8 billion in assets.

While United doesn't specify the size of the charge, it notes Lehman Brothers
bonds are trading between 12.5 cents and 35 cents on the dollar.

Separately, United says it's expecting a positive tax adjustment of about $1.4
million, or 3 cents per share, in the quarter.

Mistrial declared in W.Va. murder case

FAIRMONT - A mistrial has been declared in a drug-related murder and conspiracy
case.

An unspecified problem with the jury prompted Marion Chief Circuit Judge David
Janes to declare the mistrial Thursday.

Defendant Lincoln Taylor is set to go to trial again Nov. 10. Taylor, 24, is one
of four men charged in the Memorial Day 2007 shooting of Derrick Osborne, 22, of
Columbia, S.C.

Donnell Lee, 24, was convicted of murder and conspiracy last month. Lafayette
Jenkins Jr., 25, and Stephen H. Podolsky, 24, have agreed to plead guilty to
lesser charges.

The prosecution says Taylor was the triggerman, and agreed to commit the murder
to cover a drug debt. The defense says Taylor has an alibi.

City councilman in W.Va. accused of shooting truck

BENWOOD - A Benwood city councilman is accused of shooting his neighbor's pickup
truck with a 12-gauge shotgun.

Charles Terry, 67, is charged with wanton endangerment and is free on bond.

Terry allegedly confessed his crime to State Police. The Wednesday afternoon
incident apparently stemmed from a property dispute involving some downed tree
branches. There were no injuries.

Alcon breaks ground on W.Va. site expansion

HUNTINGTON - Swiss eye care products maker Alcon Inc. has broken ground on an
expansion of its West Virginia manufacturing operation.

Alcon officials said Friday the new 74,000-square-foot building will be fully
functional by 2011 should add at least 350 new jobs over the next 10 to 15
years.

They said the company is still planning and designing the project and expects to
spend more than $25 million during the first phase of development.

County may tie impact fees to homes' size

CHARLES TOWN - Jefferson County commissioners are considering requiring
developers to pay higher impact fees for bigger homes than for smaller ones.

Impact fee coordinator Mark Schiavone was authorized Thursday to secure a cost
estimate for hiring a consultant to study the idea.

Developers now pay fees for new single-family houses that are almost double the
fees paid for multifamily dwellings.

If the proposal is approved, officials would consider the square footage and the
number of students who could live in the home when calculating the fee.

- From staff, wire reports

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Charleston Newspapers


                              252 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             March 6, 2003 Thursday

MAHTOMEDI: Schools' deal to acquire landfill site is set back

BYLINE: BY JUDY ARGINTEANU; Pioneer Press

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 286 words


The city of Grant has bowed out as an intermediary in a land deal between
Mahtomedi schools and Waste Management Inc. for the old Bellaire sanitation
site. The city's departure does not signal the deal is dead, but it does present
new obstacles for the school district.

"We're still very interested in the site," said Superintendent Mark Wolak. The
70-acre parcel, an old landfill site, would be used for ball fields and possibly
a school site in the future. The district finds the land particularly attractive
because it's right next to the high school, Wolak said.

But the district now must find a way to finance the cleanup after the city lost
its bid for two federal grants worth up to $200,000 each.

The city of Grant applied for the grants because the district was not eligible
to apply. With the grants moot, the city no longer has a role to play.

Wolak worries that loss of the grant money means the district may not be able to
come up with the money for the actual land purchase it had approved in a
preliminary agreement. The money would come out of a $1.35 million bond
referendum voters passed in November 2001.

Although the city has not been officially notified it did not receive the
grants, those projects that have been awarded money have been informed, city
attorney Kevin Shoeberg said at Tuesday's city council meeting.

Shoeberg added that the school district has other funding options, including the
Department of Natural Resources and the Metropolitan Council.

Wolak said the district will negotiate with Waste Management to see what kinds
of contributions the company might be willing to make toward cleanup.

Judy Arginteanu can be reached at jarginteanu@pioneerpress.com

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2003 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              253 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                   Standard-Speaker (Hazleton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 24, 2009 Saturday

Carbon hires firm to plan waste management

BYLINE: Tom Ragan, Standard-Speaker, Hazleton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 457 words


Jan. 24--Carbon County has hired a solid waste management company to devise a
comprehensive plan for the next decade.

The county is required by federal Act 101 to recycle and to develop a long-range
plan to reduce waste, the chairman said. The law also provides grants to offset
municipalities' expenses.

"In Carbon County, we have no landfills and we generate 185 tons of garbage per
day," commissioners' Chairman William O'Gurek said.

Mid-Atlantic Solid Waste Consultants of Maryland will now address the county's
waste management issues and suggest how to fund its solid waste department. "And
that includes administrative fees," O'Gurek said.

Carbon County has most of its garbage hauled to a landfill in Pine Grove. The
10-year plan will explore the availability in that landfill and others in
Schuylkill County.

Does that mean Carbon County will have its own landfill in the future?

"I don't think you'll ever see that happen," said Commissioner Charles Getz. "A
lot of people would be against it for environmental purposes, and no matter
where you put it, the value of the property next to it would suffer."

The waste consultants might also assess the life of the Pine Grove landfill,
O'Gurek said.

"Maybe in the study, the landfill we use only has a capacity for five more
years. Then the challenge would be: What we do for the next five years?"

If landfills were too close and garbage had to be hauled to New York, O'Gurek
said it would drive up the cost of garbage contracts in the county.

The county now collects $4 per ton of trash under a negotiated agreement with
landfills in Schuylkill County, where a certain capacity is guaranteed for that
amount. O'Gurek said the agreement was negotiated in 1999 when the study was
last done.

The fee generates about $130,000 a year to the county, which has a solid waste
budget of $480,000.

The county gets another $120,000 for its recycling program, but O'Gurek said the
market for recyclables is down and the county may wind up paying in the next
couple of months.

The state will reimburse the county 80 percent of the cost associated with the
updated solid waste management plan. The total cost approved by the
commissioners for the plan is not to exceed $49,035.

The board also approved an application for a state grant to cover $40,435 of the
plan.

tragan@standardspeaker.com

To see more of the Standard-Speaker or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.standardspeaker.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Standard-Speaker, Hazleton,
Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090124-ZX-Carbon-hires-firm-to-plan-waste-management-0124

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZX


                                 Copyright 2009


                              254 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                December 8, 1997, Monday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

GRANT MONEY SOUGHT TO SET UP RECYCLING;
FOCUS IS ON MOBILE HOMES AND MULTIFAMILY DWELLINGS

BYLINE: Lee Khorll; Special To The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: SOUTH POST, Pg. 1

LENGTH: 335 words


Arnold is seeking grant money that could lead to a recycling program for
residents of mobile homes and multifamily housing.

The City Council last week authorized Mayor Ronald Voss to seek grant money from
the St. Louis-Jefferson Solid Waste Management District, for a pilot research
project in partnership with Jefferson County.

The research will investigate recycling for mobile-home and multifamily
residents. This follows the council's adoption last month of a
solid-waste-management plan prepared by the waste management district.

Arnold is seeking $ 29,691.76, including 16 percent in services and 10 percent
to be contributed by the Jefferson County Journal and leaving the public funding
at $ 21,946.

"The goal of this proposal is to inform the residents of the city and county of
the various solid-waste-management activities and opportunities which are
available to them," Voss said. "With the individuals' decisions to avail
themselves of these opportunities, the city and county can continue to reduce
the quantity of waste generated."

In other business, the council:

* Contracted with Govero Land Services for a topographic survey to determine the
elevation of the property between Starling Airport Road, Arnold City Park,
Jeffco Boulevard and the Burlington Northern and Santa Fe Railroad right of way.
The cost is to be $ 9,500. The work is in conjunction with flood-plain studies.

* Voted to deny an application from Greater Missouri Builders Inc. for rezoning
of about 10 acres from commercial to industrial. This followed the
recommendation of the Planning Commission. The commission recommended a more
restrictive industrial designation, but the developers were not interested in
it, says Community Development Director Michael De Runtz said.

* Passed a resolution authorizing the Longview Drive Neighborhood Improvement
Association and enacted an ordinance accepting Longview Drive for public use, on
the condition of improvements to be made by the association.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 1997

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1997 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              255 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                             India Investment News

                      October 16, 2015 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Solid Waste Management in Armenia Gets a Boost from EIB

LENGTH: 340  words


Oct. 16 -- The European Investment Bank (EIB) is lending EUR 8 million to
finance the first phase of improvements to the solid waste disposal system in
Yerevan and four surrounding regions.

The project concerns the construction of a sanitary landfill, closure of the
existing landfill and the implementation of waste diversion measures in the
capital of Armenia and surrounding regions, serving a population of 1.9 million.

EIB Vice-President Laszlo Baranyay, responsible for the Bank's financing
operations in Armenia, stated: "This is the first EIB loan supporting solid
waste management in the Eastern Partnership region. It concerns key social
infrastructure, highly relevant for the quality of life and health conditions of
almost two million people. This project is an example of excellent cooperation
between the EIB, regional players, the European Commission and partner IFIs."

The project is co-financed by a EUR 8 million European Bank for Reconstruction
and Development (EBRD) loan with a EUR 1.9 million technical assistance grant,
and a EUR 8 million grant from the EU Neighbourhood Investment Facility (NIF).
The EIB is expected to provide EUR 17 million in total to support the project,
the EUR 8 million loan signed today representing only the support for the first
phase of the project.

H.E. Mr Piotr Antoni Switalski, Ambassador, Head of the European Union
Delegation to the Republic of Armenia, said: "The European Union is committed to
supporting initiatives that ensure improved solid waste management in Armenia
and in the region. This is our third financial grant to the Armenian Government
in this field. I am delighted that following regional initiatives in Kotayk and
Vanadzor, we are now providing financial assistance to ensure improved living
conditions for the citizens of Yerevan."

To date, the EIB has signed 11 loans in Armenia totalling EUR 220 million. The
portfolio is well diversified across transport, energy and water and waste
treatment infrastructure as well as SME support.

Source: European Investment Bank

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              256 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                   January 17, 1990, Wednesday, City Edition

Spring Hill recycling program delayed

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 293 words



Plans to start a recycling program in Spring Hill were postponed    Tuesday
until county commissioners hear a presentation from a    composting company that
might do the same job at a lower cost.

     County utilities manager Dick Radacky asked the County Commission    to
approve a pilot recycling program in which 5,000 households in    Spring Hill
would sort their garbage into special bins for pickup and    recycling.

     The county is required by state law to begin recycling and to    reduce the
amount of garbage going into its landfill by 30 percent by    1994.

     Radacky said the program will cost $ 147,500 the first year and    $
105,000 each following year. Most of the money would go to Waste    Management
Inc., the franchise garbage hauler in Spring Hill.

     For the first two years, the county has a state grant of $ 293,741    to
cover the cost.

     If the county doesn't spend the grant by the end of March, however,    it
will lose the money.

     But commissioners said they want to know whether a garbage    composting
company could do the recycling required by law without the    extra cost. U.S.
Waste Recovery Systems Inc. of Fort Worth, Texas, is    scheduled to make a
presentation to the commission next week on its    system, which turns garbage
into compost.

     Commissioners also agreed Tuesday to spend about $ 16,000 to buy    eight
dome-shaped containers for residents to dispose of used motor    oil. The
dropoff receptacles are white tanks that have a pull-out door    similar to a
mail box. The containers will be placed across the county    for homeowners use.




LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: HERNANDO TIMES

                            Times Publishing Company


                              257 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            November 12, 2006 Sunday
                                NIAGARA EDITION

Legislature favors solid-waste unit;
Niagara County would be eligible for state funds for recapping landfill

BYLINE: By Thomas J. Prohaska - NEWS NIAGARA BUREAU

SECTION: NIAGARA WEEK; Pg. NC5

LENGTH: 647 words

DATELINE: LOCKPORT


Niagara County legislators seem willing to set up a solid-waste management
division to make the county eligible for a wide range of state funding,
including help with the estimated $12 million recapping of a county landfill,
tentatively scheduled for 2010.

But the notion of giving a $20,000 raise to Refuse Disposal District Director
Richard P. Pope to head the division isn't going over as well.

The district board, which is made up of nine county legislators, has to decide
what to do at its Nov. 27 meeting, the last one scheduled before the 2007 county
budget is adopted in December.

The restructuring was set aside at a board meeting in late August and hasn't
been acted on.

Pope, who is to earn $58,651 next year, is suggesting that his 2007 budget
include a new solid-waste division, headed by a commissioner with a $20,000
salary. If that is Pope, as expected, the $20,000 would be added to his pay.

"That's probably one of the reasons it was tabled," said Legislature Chairman
William L. Ross, C-Wheatfield. "It's up to the Refuse Disposal District board
how much of a raise he deserves, if he deserves any at all. . . . There are some
who think this is part of his current duties as director."

"Rick never put himself in that slot," said district Chairman John Syracuse,
R-Newfane. But he acknowledged that if anyone in the county is qualified to head
a solid-waste division, it would be Pope, who has been in charge of the Refuse
District for 13 years.

"A little more work and the same pay -- that's what a lot of work forces are
going through today," Syracuse said.

Pope said the notion of a solid-waste division isn't new.

"As far back as 1989, it was discussed," he said. The County Legislature passed
a resolution that year creating such a division, but it was never put into
practice.

The county also was supposed to submit a solid-waste management plan to the
state Department of Environmental Conservation but has never done so. In August,
the DEC fired off a letter demanding that the county send in such a plan. The
letter pointed out that the DEC had given the county grants to pay for creating
the plan and had been strung along on the issue since at least 1990.

The DEC has declared that it won't send the county -- or any of its
municipalities -- any more grant money for any recycling and waste-related
project until the county comes up with a plan and a structure for carrying it
out. The ban extends even to the four towns -- Cambria, Newfane, Niagara and
Wilson -- that don't belong to the Refuse District.

"As chairman of the Refuse District, I'm going to insist we're in compliance
with the DEC's request," Syracuse said.

Pope said a plan is almost complete.

"I took the 1989 premise and updated and right-sized it," he said. In addition
to the commissioner, it includes a part-time clerk and a planner, half of whose
$46,217 salary would be paid by a DEC grant.

That is only some of the money the county wants to unlock from the DEC.

About $2 million is available toward the estimated $12 million cost of capping
Landfill 1 at the Refuse District's site on the Southwest Lockport Bypass.

Pope said that figure is not a new one; he has been announcing it publicly as an
upcoming liability of the district at the annual budget hearing ever since 2000.

The 12-acre landfill contains both industrial and household waste. It operated
from 1968 to 1976 and was capped in 1985. However, Pope said the DEC has changed
its regulations for landfill closure three times since then and is insisting the
cap must comply with the most recent version.

Other grants that could be released with an approved waste-management plan
include $291,000 to reimburse the county for half of the cost of the Gruendler
tub grinder it bought with tobacco bond money in 2002. Also, the county stands
to receive $110,000 toward a household hazardous-waste collection day.

e-mail: tprohaska@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bill Wippert/Buffalo News Legislature Chairman William L. Ross suggests
the issue of a raise led to the restructuring of solid-waste operations being
tabled in August.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              258 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   April 19, 1993, MONDAY, FIVE STAR Edition
                              Correction Appended

SOLID WASTE DISTRICT RECOMMENDS GRANTS; HAZARDOUS MATERIALS IN HOMES ARE TARGETS

BYLINE: Phil Sutin Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: ZONE WEST; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1472 words


Householders wanting to get rid of half-empty cans of old paint, drain cleaneror
insecticide soon may be getting help from their local governments.  Grants for
programs to recycle household hazardous wastes are prominent on a list of 34
recommended by the St. Louis-Jefferson Solid Waste District for financing by the
state. The money comes from a fee of $155 a cubic yard of trash dumped in
landfills. The money goes to the state for programs to reduce the volume of
trash. The state has a goal to reduce the volume by 40 percent by 1998.  The
grants are the first being awarded since the state began collecting the fee in
1991. The state Department of Natural Resources is expected to act on the
recommendations next month.  Five cities in southwest St. Louis County are
seeking nearly $100,000 to start a joint, household-hazardous, waste-collection
program. The cities are Crestwood, Glendale, Kirkwood, Oakland and Webster
Groves.  Another six cities would work with St. Louis County to set up a paint
collection system if the county gets a $65,500 grant. They are Ballwin,
Chesterfield, Clayton, Florissant, Olivette and University City.  Lee
Brotherton, chairman of the St. Louis-Jefferson Solid Waste Management District,
said the cities might reprocess the collected paint and use it on their
buildings.  St. Louis County wants to train 200 representatives of local
government, civic and service organizations in the proper management of
household hazardous waste.  And the Metropolitan Sewer District is seeking
$88,750 for a household hazardous waste collection system and education program
in north St. Louis County. "Hazardous household waste is the biggest
environmental threat," Brotherton said. "A small quantity of the waste can get
out of landfills and into the ground water." Paint accounts for 50 percent of
the household hazardous waste, he said.  The district covers St. Louis and St.
Louis and Jefferson counties. The district has about $1.4 million allocated to
it and received 50 proposals calling for spending slightly more than $3 million,
he said. The district not only rejected some proposals, but it trimmed spending
on proposals it recommended, he said.  St. Louis County, with 64 percent of the
district's population, had 61.4 percent of the recommended proposals. St. Louis,
with 25 percent of the population, had 26.5 percent of the recommended
proposals. Jefferson County, with 11 percent of the population, had 12.1 percent
of the recommended proposals.  The East Central Solid Waste Management District,
which covers Franklin, Lincoln, Montgomery, St. Charles and Warren counties,
submitted only one proposal to the state.  The district requested that the
Boonslick regional council of governments use all of its allocation of $180,843
for a grant and loan program.  Lincoln County Associate Commissioner David Oney
Jr., chairman of the East Central District, explained that the district did not
have time to seek and review proposals.  Steve Etcher, executive director of
Boonslick, said the state may be reluctant to accept the proposal because it
will not be able to review applications for projects in the district.  Etcher
said the district received two proposals that might be financed later through
Boonslick. They are: A request from the Recycled Plastic Resins company of
Washington, Mo., for $50,000 to buy a mobile grinder for plastic material. The
shredded material would be hauled to its plant in Washington for recycling.  A
request by St. Charles County for $2,600 to buy a waste freon recovery system.
In the St. Louis-Jefferson district, the city of St. Louis has three recommended
requests for grants that would make recycling easier for residents and increase
the number of recycling drop-off centers.  Several municipalities and private
companies have been recommended for grants for equipment for collecting,
grinding and recycling materials.  The district is seeking $100,000 to hire an
executive director, pay for support staff and run an office. The executive
director would help prepare a districtwide solid waste management plan and
provide technical assistance to local entities.  The district recommended that
Jefferson County get $33,470 to pay for a recycling coordinator.  PROJECTS
RECOMMENDED BY DISTRICT (   The following is the list of projects recommended
for financing The following is the list of projects recommended for financing by
the St.  Louis-Jefferson Solid Waste Management District: Districtwide Money to
staff the office of the district. It would be used to hire an executive director
who would help prepare a districtwide solid-waste management plan and provide
technical assistance to local entities. The money also would pay for support
staff and an office.  $100,000.  St. Louis City waste-reduction project through
education and replacing alley dumpsters without household containers. $98,000.
Drop-off recycling project that will add drop-off recycling centers.  $91,600.
Blue-bag recycling pilot project to collect recyclable materials.  $89,500.
Environmental Recycling project to provide planer to company for creating
plastic lumber. $21,539.  Helping Hands Recycling Centers to provide a plastics
granulator. Expanding that company's business is expected to provide additional
work for disabled people.  $13,000.  St. Louis County Southwest County household
hazardous-waste collection program, with Crestwood, Glendale, Kirkwood, Oakland
and Webster Groves jointly sponsoring a program for their residents. $99,050.
Metropolitan Sewer District education project to promote proper disposal of
household hazardous wastes in north St. Louis County. $88,750.  University City
composting project to provide new compost-pile turning equipment, $75,000.  St.
Louis County Economic Council market project to encourage the use of recycled
materials. $67,476.  St. Louis County paint-recycling project to establish
paint-collection sites working with Ballwin, Chesterfield, Clayton, Florissant,
Olivette and University City. $65,500.  Laesch Dairy to provide the company from
Peoria, Ill., with cases and other material for handling milk in containers that
would be recycled. The company would bid for contracts to supply milk to schools
in the St. Louis area.  $50,000.  St. Louis County waste-reduction education
program to provide households with guides on recycling and the management of
yard waste and household hazardous waste. $48,650.  "Leap" education program of
the Missouri Energy Resources Project for teacher training and waste-reduction
and recycling projects in 25 schools in St. Louis County. $46,501.  Sunshine
Recycling Inc. of Berkeley to provide the company with additional equipment for
collecting paper to be recycled. $45,000.  Ellisville tree-and-brush project to
purchase tub grinder for processing limbs and brush into mulch. $37,460.  Black
Jack yard-waste program to purchase a tub grinder for processing yard waste.
$34,000.  St. Louis County drop-off recycling pilot project to expand drop-off
sites in unincorporated county. $25,900.  University City materials
recycling-facility project to provide new materials-sorting equipment. $25,000.
Cornerstone Construction of the Chicago recycling-education project. The company
from the Chicago area would meet with construction-company executives to show
them ways of recycling construction debris. $20,000.  Ballwin curbside
brush-pickup project. $18,500.  St. Louis County procurement coordinator to help
county government maximize use of recycled products. $18,201.  St. Louis County
household hazardous-waste-education program to train 200 members of governmental
and civic organizations in the proper management of household hazardous waste.
$18,000.  Brentwood recycling to provide containers for city residents. $18,000.
Pine Lawn recycling project to provide containers for residents. $18,000.  Bella
Villa-Lakeshire joint household hazardous-waste-collection project.  $13,956.
BFI waste-hauling company recycling-education project to provide recycling guide
for use in area schools. $6,125.  Creve Coeur education program to encourage
residents to participate in recycling programs. $5,780.  Chesterfield household
hazardous-waste program to provide a brochure on handling such waste for city
residents. $5,396.  Bella Villa-Lakeshire recycling program to encourage
residents to participate in recycling efforts. $5,182.  Ferguson brochure
project to pay for a city brochure to encourage residents to participate in the
city's recycling program. $5,000.  Jefferson County Byrnes Mill recycling
collection to improve a drop-off site. $50,200.  Arnold tree-and-brush program
to provide a chipper and a collection truck.  $45,200.  Jefferson County
recycling coordinator to provide technical assistance and education on
recycling. $33,470.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

CORRECTION: Correction Published April 22, 1993:  The fee that trash haulers pay
to the state for a fund for projects to promote recycling and waste reduction is
$1.55 a ton. The amount of the fee was incorrect in a story in Monday's Metro
Post.

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC; Graphic - PROJECTS RECOMMENDED BY DISTRICT follows story.

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              259 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             May 20, 2015 Wednesday

Waste district gets grant for compost programs in schools

BYLINE: By Howard Weiss-Tisman hwtisman@reformer.com @HowardReformer on Twitter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 621 words


BRATTLEBORO &GT;&GT; The Windham Solid Waste Management District has been
awarded a $11,250 Universal Recycling School Grant from the Vermont Department
of Environmental Conservation.

WSWMD was one of four groups in the state to receive a grant to implement
recycling and composting programs in area schools.

The money will be used to start and support programs at Brattleboro Union High
School, Brattleboro Area Middle School, Leland & Gray Union Middle and High
School, and Twin Valley Middle School and High School.

Some of the programs were started this year and others will start next year.

"We are very excited to have been one of the groups to receive this grant," said
Kristen Benoit, WSWMD program coordinator. "The schools that have already
started have made impressive reductions in the amount of waste they're diverting
from the landfill."

The money is going toward renting dumpsters, and paying for hauling and tipping
fees at the compost facility.

WSWMD is also using some of the grant to purchase special recycling bins for use
in the kitchens and cafeterias as well as training.

Leland & Gray began their organics diversion program in December 2014 and the
Brattleboro schools began their programs in January 2015. The programs at Twin
Valley started this week and will continue into the next school year.

The Department of Environmental Conservation Solid Waste Program awarded $45,000
to help support school recycling and composting programs.

The University of Vermont received a grant to support programs in the Rutland
and Colchester regions, Northeast Recycling Council was awarded money to start
programs in the Bennington region and the Northeast Kingdom Waste Management
District worked with schools in the Northeast Kingdom with its grant.

Each group received $11,250, which had to go to develop and launch school-wide
recycling and composting programs in at least four schools.

The grants were awarded to help schools get ready for Vermont's Universal
Recycling Law, which requires schools to phase in composting programs. All
schools will be required to compost and recycle their food waste before 2020.

"We've been working with schools to find out what children eat at lunch, often
by looking at what they throw away. Universal Recycling will help those efforts
by asking children to sort their food waste from other recyclables and landfill
bound materials," said Bethany Yon Phd., research associate at the Nutrition and
Food Sciences Department at University of Vermont. "This school grant from the
state is a great opportunity for our UVM team of students to help schools
develop sustainable composting and recycling programs. Our students love
spending time in school cafeterias."

According to Benoit the grants were given out to help schools develop their own
programs.

She said once schools start to divert their waste through recycling and
composting, and in turn save money on their solid waste disposal costs, school
boards will then hopefully be willing to invest in the programs to keep them
going.

All schools will have to get a program in place before 2020 anyway, she said,
and the grants will hopefully encourage the school to jump-start their
composting and recycling now.

Twin Valley was able to reduce its waste from 165 gallons a day to 15 gallons a
day.

"The toughest part of starting a program is getting the infrastructure in place
and this grant will help these schools do that," Benoit said. "Hopefully the
schools will see the big reductions in food waste and they will find that this
is sustainable program. They have to do it by 2020 anyway, and this gives them a
jump on having their compost and recycling programs in place."

Howard Weiss-Tisman can be contacted at 802-254-2311 ext. 279.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Signs in the BUHS cafeteria inform students where they should dispose
of their waste.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              260 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                              Early Times (India)

                             October 9, 2016 Sunday

J&K dumping 100 percent of its solid waste in open: NGT report

LENGTH: 559 words

DATELINE: Srinagar


Srinagar, Oct. 9 -- A report submitted before National Green Tribunal (NGT) has
revealed that J&K has been dumping 100 percent of its solid waste in open which
includes its Urban Local Bodies as well (ULB).

Details available with Early Times reveal that due to absence of scientific
waste management techniques the Municipal Solid Waste is dumped in open across
cities of Srinagar and Jammu. The report was submitted by Government of India
last year before the National Green Tribunal (NGT) which is an apex legal body
looking after litigations related to environmental pollution. The report has
ranked J&K state last among all states in management of municipal solid waste
across country. Goa , Kerala and Tamilnadu are the best three states which have
proper scientific mechanism in place vis a via Management of Solid Waste.

As per the report J&K neither has any facility of door to door collection and
segregation of municipal solid waste , nor is composting of organic waste
material done in any city or town of the state. As already reported early this
year , in Bejbehera town the municipal solid waste , garbage , dead animals are
being dumped by the local Municipal Committee (MC) Bhejbehera on the banks of
"Daed Kull" which is a beautiful nallah flowing through Bhejbehara - Pahalgam
road. Heaps of garbage are dumped near this place by authorities who claim to be
the saviors of the environment.

Pertinent to mention that officials of local municipality in Chadoora town of
central Kashmir are seen involved in dumping all the garbage into the
Doodh-Ganga nallah which flows through this town. Irony is that same water is
supplied by Public Health Engineering (PHE) department to thousands of people in
Budgam as well as Srinagar districts.

In Bandipora town the garbage and municipal waste is dumped in Wullar lake by
local Municipal Committee. Few years back the Municipal Committee (MC) Bandipora
received a grant of around 82 lakhs from Wullar Conservation and Management
Authority (WCMA) for strengthening and developing the infrastructure for
scientific disposal of municipal solid waste so as to prevent any sort of
pollution within and along the banks of Wular Lake.

Due to increased population Solid Waste Management (SWM) has been seen as a
great challenge in Jammu and Srinagar cities . Huge quantity of garbage gets
piled up in these twin cities on daily basis. The way this garbage is stored and
disposed off, poses a great threat to our environment. This activity is not only
a threat to our environment but it is hazardous to the public health also. The
garbage disposal or Solid Waste Management is not only a problem for Jammu or
Srinagar cities but this is a very serious issue for the people residing in
other towns of our state like Bandipora , Udhampur , Kupwara , Sopore, Ramban ,
Doda, Rajouri etc.

As per the report submitted before NGT Tamil Nadu has more than 500 composting
units where organic fertilizer is made out of bio degradable waste material .
Similarly in other states at an average 30 to 40 such units exist , but in an
environmentally fragile state of Jammu & Kashmir not a single such organic
compositing unit exists.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Early Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Early Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              261 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                   August 28, 2002 Wednesday Marshall Edition

Less county assistance forces Bremen recycling rates to increase

BYLINE: By SAM OCHSTEIN; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 661 words


BREMEN -- Recycling will become a little more expensive for town residents
beginning in October.

The Bremen Town Council on Monday passed a resolution to increase the recycling
and garbage collection rates $1.50 per month, making the total bill to customers
$7 per month.

The increase for garbage and recycling is scheduled to coincide with
water/waste-water rate increases slated to take effect Oct. 1.

The proposed water/waste-water increases will be spread over four years, with 4
percent increases the first two years and 3 percent increases the next two
years.

Those rates, however, still have to pass a public hearing slated for Sept. 9 and
a third reading on the ordinance.

A portion of the resolution approved Monday to increase the garbage and
recycling rates, however, also gave Bremen Director of Operations Duwaine
Elliott the go-ahead to renew the town's contract with Key Waste, the town's
garbage and recycling collection company based in Culver.

Elliott said the $1.50 increase to customers is not because Key Waste has
increased its rates to the town, but rather because subsidies from the Marshall
County Solid Waste Management District have dropped significantly the last few
years.

"We've been paying Key Waste $7.50 (per month) the last four years but we've
only been charging our citizens $6 because with the subsidy from the solid waste
district we were OK," Elliott said Tuesday.

According to Elliott, the county solid waste management district gave Bremen
$37,600 in 1999 to put toward the town's recycling program.

Elliott said that amount dropped to $18,800 in 2000 and decreased further to
$4,500 in both 2001 and 2002.

"So far this year, we're running a deficit of over $7,000," Elliott said.

Mike Good, executive director of the Marshall County Solid Waste Management
District, said Tuesday that the subsidies, which he likes to call "municipal
financial assistance," were started to help foster recycling throughout the
county.

"Our board decided a number of years ago that we would give some financial
assistance to those who do programs on their own," Good explained. "We had had a
grants program available to cities and towns in Marshall County for them to
purchase capital expenditure for their recycling needs."

Good said, however, that no towns and cities in the county applied for the
grants so the solid waste board decided to distribute the money to towns and
cities that had taken the initiative to start recycling programs.

"I know it used to be significantly more money than it is now," Good said. "Now
we're only talking around $4,000."

Good did not expound on the significant decrease in financial assistance -- more
than $33,000 in Bremen's case -- the solid waste district provides to towns and
cities in Marshall County.

Good said, however, that a few years ago the solid waste board debated stopping
the municipal assistance for recycling all together, but towns and cities in
Marshall County convinced them otherwise.

"They brought up a lot of needs for us to continue that financial assistance,"
Good said. "The biggest reason (to continue the assistance) was that most every
town or city was providing some type of program for organic yard waste removal
-- something that the county does not offer. Those towns and cities helped out
all the surrounding residents."

Good said the solid waste board likes to provide financial assistance to
communities that take an initiative in their recycling programs, as Bremen does.

He added that the county is hoping to continue to provide the same amount of
assistance to Bremen in 2003 that it has the past couple years.

Elliott said that once the initial rate increase takes effect in October, there
shouldn't be any more rate increases in the near future unless Key Waste rates
increase in their next contract with the town.

Staff writer Sam Ochstein:

sochstein@sbtinfo.com

(574) 936-1029


LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2002 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              262 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 27, 2015 Thursday

New Mexico: Solid Waste Management Agency

LENGTH: 163  words

DATELINE: Santa Fe


Santa Fe County has issued the following news release:

Solid Waste Management Agency


August 27, 2015 5:00 PM
Legal Conference Room, 102 Grant Ave.
The next regular meeting of the Joint Powers Board of the Santa Fe Solid Waste
Management Agency is scheduled for Thursday, August 27, 2015, at 5:00 p.m.  The
meeting will be held at the Santa Fe County Administration Building, Legal
Conference Room, 102 Grant Avenue, Santa Fe, NM.

Agendas will be available at least 72 hours before the meeting in the County
Manager's Office, the City Clerk's Office, and on the Agency's website at
www.sfswma.org.  The meeting may constitute a quorum of the Board of County
Commissioners; however, no County business will be discussed.  Anyone who has
questions regarding the meeting or requiring special accommodations should
contact Rosalie Cardenas at (505) 424-1850, extension 150

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              263 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                             April 3, 2014 Thursday

Osh Solid Waste Project

LENGTH: 316  words


Country : Kyrgyz Republic
Project number : 42471
Project Cost : EUR 12.2 million.
Status : Passed structure review, Pending final review
Business sector : Municipal and environmental infrastructure
Project Description
The EBRD is considering providing a loan of up to EUR 2 million to finance
critical solid waste investments for the City of Osh (the  City ) and four
neighbouring municipalities; Kyzyl-Kyshtak, Nariman, Shark, and Toloykon (the
Municipalities ).


It is expected that the European Investment Bank would provide an up to EUR 3
million co-financing loan and that the EU  s Investment Facility for Central
Asia (IFCA) would provide EUR 5 million in the form of a grant.
The proceeds of the loans and the grant will finance a new sanitary landfill
construction and upgrade of collection and transportation system. The project
will result in an improved level of solid waste services and environmental
improvements in the City and the Municipalities.
The project will measure success by monitoring the following indicators before
and after project implementation:
(i) Population with improved solid waste management services, measured by the
number of households with improved solid waste management services multiplied by
average household size; and
(ii) Reduction in tonnes of CO2 equivalent due to diversion of solid waste from
landfill disposal, measured by the tonnes of waste diverted away from landfill
multiplied by average greenhouse gas emission potential based on waste content.
Project completion date : 2015-03-31 12:00:00
Major organization : CITY OF OSH

Address : Kyrgyzstan

Country :Kyrgyzstan
Financier : European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD),

Financier address : EUROPEAN BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT - EBRD
One Exchange Square
London EC2A 2JN
United Kingdom
Tel: +44 20 7338 7168
Fax: +44 20 7338 7380
Email: projectenquiries@ebrd.com
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2014 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              264 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   April 19, 1993, MONDAY, FIVE STAR Edition
                              Correction Appended

SOLID WASTE DISTRICT RECOMMENDS GRANTS; HAZARDOUS MATERIALS IN HOMES ARE TARGETS

BYLINE: Phil Sutin Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: ZONE NORTH; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 733 words


Householders wanting to get rid of half-empty cans of old paint, drain cleaneror
insecticide soon may be getting help from their local governments.  Grants for
programs to recycle household hazardous wastes are prominent on a list of 34
recommended by the St. Louis-Jefferson Solid Waste District for financing by the
state.  The money comes from a fee of $155 a cubic yard of trash dumped in
landfills.  The money goes to the state for programs to reduce the volume of
trash.  The state has a goal to reduce the volume by 40 percent by 1998.  The
grants are the first being awarded since the state began collecting the fee in
1991. The state Department of Natural Resources is expected to act on the
recommendations next month.  Five cities in southwest St. Louis County are
seeking nearly $100,000 to start a joint, household-hazardous, waste-collection
program. The cities are Crestwood, Glendale, Kirkwood, Oakland and Webster
Groves.  Another six cities would work with St. Louis County to set up a paint
collection system if the county gets a $65,500 grant. They are Ballwin,
Chesterfield, Clayton, Florissant, Olivette and University City.  Lee
Brotherton, chairman of the St. Louis-Jefferson Solid Waste Management District,
said the cities might reprocess the collected paint and use it on their
buildings.  St. Louis County wants to train 200 representatives of local
government, civic and service organizations in the proper management of
household hazardous waste.  And the Metropolitan Sewer District is seeking
$88,750 for a household hazardous waste collection system and education program
in north St. Louis County. "Hazardous household waste is the biggest
environmental threat," Brotherton said. "A small quantity of the waste can get
out of landfills and into the ground water." Paint accounts for 50 percent of
the household hazardous waste, he said.  The district covers St. Louis and St.
Louis and Jefferson counties. The district has about $1.4 million allocated to
it and received 50 proposals calling for spending slightly more than $3 million,
he said. The district not only rejected some proposals, but it trimmed spending
on proposals it recommended, he said.  St. Louis County, with 64 percent of the
district's population, had 61.4 percent of the recommended proposals.  St.
Louis, with 25 percent of the population, had 26.5 percent of the recommended
proposals. Jefferson County, with 11 percent of the population, had 12.1 percent
of the recommended proposals.  The East Central Solid Waste Management District,
which covers Franklin, Lincoln, Montgomery, St. Charles and Warren counties,
submitted only one proposal to the state.  The district requested that the
Boonslick regional council of governments use all of its allocation of $180,843
for a grant and loan program.  Lincoln County Associate Commissioner David Oney
Jr., chairman of the East Central District, explained that the district did not
have time to seek and review proposals.  Steve Etcher, executive director of
Boonslick, said the state may be reluctant to accept the proposal because it
will not be able to review applications for projects in the district.  Etcher
said the district received two proposals that might be financed later through
Boonslick. They are: A request from the Recycled Plastic Resins company of
Washington, Mo., for $50,000 to buy a mobile grinder for plastic material. The
shredded material would be hauled to its plant in Washington for recycling.  A
request by St. Charles County for $2,600 to buy a waste freon recovery system.
In the St. Louis-Jefferson district, the city of St. Louis has three recommended
requests for grants that would make recycling easier for residents and increase
the number of recycling drop-off centers.  Several municipalities and private
companies have been recommended for grants for equipment for collecting,
grinding and recycling materials.  The district is seeking $100,000 to hire an
executive director, pay for support staff and run an office.  The executive
director would help prepare a districtwide solid waste management plan and
provide technical assistance to local entities.  The district recommended that
Jefferson County get $33,470 to pay for a recycling coordinator.  Brotherton
said the beginnings of projects depends on the speed of the state approving
applications and the completion of needed paperwork.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

CORRECTION: Correction Published April 22, 1993:  The fee that trash haulers pay
to the state for a fund for projects to promote recycling and waste reduction is
$1.55 a ton. The amount of the fee was incorrect in a story in Monday's Metro
Post.

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              265 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 18, 2008 Thursday

Officials expected to OK landfill contract

BYLINE: Kevin Spradlin, Cumberland Times News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 509 words


Dec. 18--CUMBERLAND -- After nearly a year of negotiations, the Allegany County
commissioners are expected to approve a 20-year contract with Waste Management
Inc. that will allow the expansion of Mountainview Landfill.

The contract approval comes after several public meetings with the commissioners
and others with the Solid Waste Management Board. The current contract runs
through Feb. 2, 2013. The current 39-acre cell has an expected life of only
three years beyond that date.

The county is required to renew and update its solid waste management plan every
three years. This contract is a part of that plan, which is to be completed in
April 2009.

Last year, the county completed an analysis of future solid waste disposal
options. The report estimated an expansion at the 395-acre landfill -- with 39.6
acres being used for actual disposal -- could cost $5.9 million in 2013.

That is the more affordable of three options, said Steve Young, director of the
Department of Public Works. It could cost nearly $14 million for a new facility
elsewhere in the county. Constructing a transfer station costs significantly
less -- with an initial investment of about $3.7 million. That option, however,
is countered by an annual fee of about $7.5 million.

The new contract also allows for a compost site, if space is available, and a
single-stream recycling effort. Recyclables would be collected at the landfill
and hauled elsewhere for separation.

The commissioners also are expected to authorize county staff to apply for a
$99,356 grant from the Appalachian Regional Commission. The grant would help
fund the George's Creek regional comprehensive plan.

Rick Hoover of Turnbull, Hoover & Kahl, Cumberland, is scheduled to present
audit information to county officials during the public meeting, which begins at
11 a.m. and Paul Kahl, deputy director of the Department of Public Works, is to
present an unspecified project update.

The commissioners meet at 9:30 a.m. in executive session for three issues, the
first with Frank Fowler of the Western Maryland Scenic Railroad. The
commissioners also are to meet with Young and Jerry Frantz, county finance
director and, later, meet with Young and County Administrator Vance Ishler
regarding an unspecified legal issue.

Andy Vick, executive director of the Allegany Arts Council, is to address county
officials at the 10 a.m. public work session. Vick said his presentation will
provide a general overview of the council's recent and current activities and
successes "with a special focus on the economic impact of the arts in our
community."

Contact Kevin Spradlin at kspradlin@times-news.com

To see more of the Cumberland Times News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.times-news.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, Cumberland Times News, Md.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081218-UM-Officials-expected-to-OK-landfill-contract-1218

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                                 Copyright 2008


                              266 of 995 DOCUMENTS


           The Evening News and The Tribune (Jeffersonville, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 19, 2009 Thursday

Problem solved for Clark County's Solid Waste Management District facility?:
Galligan thinks so after Jeff employees clean county site, but Moore says not so
fast

BYLINE: Matt Koesters, The Evening News and the Tribune, Jeffersonville, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1402 words


Mar. 19--Representatives from the Indiana Department of Environmental Management
found no major violations on the grounds of Clark County's Solid Waste
Management District facility along Ind. 62 during an inspection there last week.

But being cleared of any major violations didn't exactly translate into good
news to some of the district's board members, who question the methods -- and
reasoning -- behind the surprise cleanup of the facility by Jeffersonville Mayor
Tom Galligan.

IDEM reps Scott Anslinger and Steven Boggs met March 11 -- the day after their
visit to the site -- with district board members Ron Grooms, Barbara Hollis and
Mike Moore to discuss the findings of their inspection. They told board members
that while there were items that need to be cleaned up at the site, improperly
stored hazardous waste wasn't one of them, Grooms said.

"They basically said, 'You have no real major problems here,'" he said. "'You
have more of a debris problem and a lack of organization and a condition of
neglect, versus any major violations of hazardous-waste materials ... It's a
lack of following proper procedures and collection and storage.'"

Grooms said the IDEM representatives told the board members that grant money
could be jeopardized if the area was not properly cleaned up.

A CHANGING PICTURE

Calls to Boggs and Anslinger seeking comment were not returned. However, board
President Mike Moore said when he showed the IDEM representatives photos of the
facility taken a few weeks ago, they told him it looked different during their
inspection than it did in the photos.

"Evidently [last week], [Jeffersonville] Mayor [Tom] Galligan instructed some
members of the sanitation department and the street department to go to the
solid waste district and begin cleanup, and some of the cleanup was in place or
had already been done by the time Mr. Anslinger and Mr. Boggs got there," Grooms
said.

Galligan confirmed the cleanup was his doing. In a Friday e-mail to fellow board
members, Galligan said he had been asked by the board to "ensure the completion
of several tasks at the facility," including the removal of nonhazardous waste,
propane tanks and oil -- and that expenses incurred by the city of
Jeffersonville during the cleanup would have to be billed to the solid waste
district.

When Galligan was reached for comment, he didn't understand what the big deal
was.

"There's nothing going on," Galligan said. "All we're doing is cleaning up the
place and making it a little neater."

But at least some of Galligan's fellow board members said they don't know why
the mayor was under the impression he had been instructed to take care of the
mess at the site -- something Moore made clear when responding to Galligan's
e-mail.

"You obviously must have been at another meeting than the rest of us [the
board]. [We] gave you absolutely no instructions to 'ensure' anything," Moore
wrote. "Your total disregard for the solid waste board's wishes is insulting and
inexcusable.

"You have violated the trust of the four people that were united in its wishes
to have the grounds inspected, and your lack of understanding of the legalities
you have exposed us to is beyond comprehension."

Grooms also said he didn't recall the board giving Galligan instructions to
remove waste from the site. Hollis, however, said she thought she recalled
Galligan being given the go-ahead to pick up nonhazardous materials such as
garbage and debris.

DIRECTOR'S POSITION

In Galligan's e-mail to the board, he also suggested retaining Sharon Marra,
executive director of the solid waste district, but making a few changes to her
job. His suggestions included renegotiating Marra's contract, reducing her
annual salary to $25,000 per year, stripping her of her operational management
responsibilities and leaving her with grant-writing, grant-management and
in-school-education responsibilities.

Marra was placed on leave until March 31 at a March 4 board meeting after
members met in executive session to discuss personnel matters. Moore and others
expressed concern over conditions at the solid waste facility and Marra's
ability to manage it.

Galligan made clear in the e-mail that his recommendations were simply his
opinion and were open for discussion and modification.

"There are grants that she administers that are going to have to be administered
by somebody," Galligan said in an interview. "She has done it for a long time
and apparently she has done it pretty well."

Galligan's suggestions also included hiring a facility manager and a clerical
employee. Galligan said he hoped increased revenues would offset increased costs
under this arrangement.

Moore had more than one concern about Galligan's actions and in his response to
Galligan's e-mail, accused Galligan of destroying evidence at the site to save
Marra's job.

CONSPIRACY THEORY

At the March 4 meeting of the solid waste board, Moore instructed board attorney
John Grannan to contact IDEM to inspect the facility and see what needed to be
done to bring the facility into compliance with state and federal health and
environmental regulations. All members of the board were present at the meeting.
None objected to Moore's instructions.

When contacted, Moore said he had a call out to consult with Grannan to examine
the legal implications of Galligan's actions.

Galligan denied trying to destroy evidence against Marra.

"I'm not trying to cover up anything," Galligan said. "Mike Moore thinks there's
a conspiracy every time somebody does something."

PAYMENT PLAN?

Grooms, who is a Jeffersonville City Council member, expressed disappointment
that Galligan had not contacted the board members prior to taking action to
clean up the facility, and wondered who would ultimately pay.

"My concerns are that employees of the city of Jeffersonville -- using city of
Jeffersonville equipment, being paid by Jeffersonville taxpayers -- are doing
work at a county-supervised, county-owned facility. That disturbs me a little
bit."

If the entire solid waste board is in agreement that the mayor acted properly,
Grooms said he would have no complaint. However, Moore made clear his complaints
are many.

"I think the mayor of the city of Jeff has overstepped his bounds," Moore said.
"Being a board member does not give him the authority to act upon himself."

Moore said he would strongly oppose any suggestion that the board pay the city
of Jeffersonville for removing waste from the district facility, and expressed
concerns about whether the waste had been removed according to state and federal
guidelines.

Fellow county commissioner and board member Ed Meyer saw things differently.

"If we're doing something wrong, we have to go ahead and clean it up, not make
matters worse by leaving it sit around longer or anything like that," Meyer
said. "I did not have a problem with Mayor Galligan having his people go up
there and clean it up."

Meyer didn't think Galligan's actions were meant to destroy evidence against
Marra.

"I don't know what evidence that would be, because we had pictures and that's
good enough for me," Meyer said. "If there's a problem, let's go ahead and get
it cleaned up. This isn't 'C.S.I.' or anything."

Meyer said as long as the charges were reasonable, he wouldn't take issue with
the district reimbursing the city of Jeffersonville for the labor.

"We'll talk about that, won't we?" Les Young, fellow commissioner and board
member said. "I don't know how much it's going to be."

Young said he was confident the issue would be resolved.

"I think everything will be settled over there," Young said. "It will all work
out in the end. It'll take a little time."

Grooms said he didn't believe Galligan's actions put the district in jeopardy of
fines or loss of grant funds.

"I don't think it jeopardizes us in any way," Grooms said. "What's been done
needed to be done. The results are we probably have a cleaner, safer,
better-organized operation up there than we had [last] Monday.

"It's just how we got there."

To see more of The Evening News and The Tribune, or to subscribe to the
newspapers, go to http://www.news-tribune.net. Copyright (c) 2009, The Evening
News and the Tribune, Jeffersonville, Ind. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090319-JB-Problem-solved-for-Clark-County-s-Solid-Waste-Management
-District-facility-0319

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JB


                                 Copyright 2009


                              267 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 20, 2014 Saturday

Tennessee: TDEC announces new recycling hub in Roane County

LENGTH: 347  words

DATELINE: Nashville


The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:

The Tennessee Department of Environment and Conservation (TDEC)'s Division of
Solid and Waste Management announced today a new recycling hub in Roane County -
a project funded by the TDEC Recycling Hub and Spoke Grants Program.

The creation of the new hub will help establish collaborative efforts between
Roane County and its spoke communities to increase recycling in the region.

"We are very excited to announce the new recycling hub in Roane County," said
TDEC Commissioner Bob Martineau. "This location will become the backbone for
collaboration between local and county governments and other groups to increase
recycling in the region."

A hub and spoke recycling hub is a recycling collection and processing system
operated by three or more local governments, solid waste planning regions,
counties and municipalities, solid waste authorities, or nonprofit recycling
organizations. The groups work together to increase recycling volumes, minimize
operational costs and increase revenues generated for materials collected.

"Roane County is excited to work with the state, surrounding counties, cities
and schools as we continue to move forward in our phased recycling program,"
said County Executive Ron Woody.  "Our partnership with TDEC through the Hub and
Spoke grant has been instrumental in elevating our recycling program to the next
level. We look forward to continued cooperation with all our partners."

TDEC began distributing hub and spoke recycling grants in 2011 to increase
recycling across the state through cooperative partnerships among solid waste
planning regions, counties and municipalities. Partners determine their own
activities to reduce operational costs, promote recycling and increase revenues
for local governments participating in the partnerships.

For more information about recycling equipment grants, visit
http://www.tn.gov/environment/solid-waste/solid-waste_grants.shtml

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              268 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 19, 2014 Friday

Tennessee: TDEC announces new recycling hub in Roane County

LENGTH: 347  words

DATELINE: Nashville


The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:

The Tennessee Department of Environment and Conservation (TDEC)'s Division of
Solid and Waste Management announced today a new recycling hub in Roane County -
a project funded by the TDEC Recycling Hub and Spoke Grants Program.

The creation of the new hub will help establish collaborative efforts between
Roane County and its spoke communities to increase recycling in the region.

"We are very excited to announce the new recycling hub in Roane County," said
TDEC Commissioner Bob Martineau. "This location will become the backbone for
collaboration between local and county governments and other groups to increase
recycling in the region."

A hub and spoke recycling hub is a recycling collection and processing system
operated by three or more local governments, solid waste planning regions,
counties and municipalities, solid waste authorities, or nonprofit recycling
organizations. The groups work together to increase recycling volumes, minimize
operational costs and increase revenues generated for materials collected.

"Roane County is excited to work with the state, surrounding counties, cities
and schools as we continue to move forward in our phased recycling program,"
said County Executive Ron Woody.  "Our partnership with TDEC through the Hub and
Spoke grant has been instrumental in elevating our recycling program to the next
level. We look forward to continued cooperation with all our partners."

TDEC began distributing hub and spoke recycling grants in 2011 to increase
recycling across the state through cooperative partnerships among solid waste
planning regions, counties and municipalities. Partners determine their own
activities to reduce operational costs, promote recycling and increase revenues
for local governments participating in the partnerships.

For more information about recycling equipment grants, visit
http://www.tn.gov/environment/solid-waste/solid-waste_grants.shtml

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              269 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 18, 2014 Thursday

Tennessee: TDEC announces new recycling hub in Roane County

LENGTH: 347  words

DATELINE: Nashville


The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:

The Tennessee Department of Environment and Conservation (TDEC)'s Division of
Solid and Waste Management announced today a new recycling hub in Roane County -
a project funded by the TDEC Recycling Hub and Spoke Grants Program.

The creation of the new hub will help establish collaborative efforts between
Roane County and its spoke communities to increase recycling in the region.

"We are very excited to announce the new recycling hub in Roane County," said
TDEC Commissioner Bob Martineau. "This location will become the backbone for
collaboration between local and county governments and other groups to increase
recycling in the region."

A hub and spoke recycling hub is a recycling collection and processing system
operated by three or more local governments, solid waste planning regions,
counties and municipalities, solid waste authorities, or nonprofit recycling
organizations. The groups work together to increase recycling volumes, minimize
operational costs and increase revenues generated for materials collected.

"Roane County is excited to work with the state, surrounding counties, cities
and schools as we continue to move forward in our phased recycling program,"
said County Executive Ron Woody.  "Our partnership with TDEC through the Hub and
Spoke grant has been instrumental in elevating our recycling program to the next
level. We look forward to continued cooperation with all our partners."

TDEC began distributing hub and spoke recycling grants in 2011 to increase
recycling across the state through cooperative partnerships among solid waste
planning regions, counties and municipalities. Partners determine their own
activities to reduce operational costs, promote recycling and increase revenues
for local governments participating in the partnerships.

For more information about recycling equipment grants, visit
http://www.tn.gov/environment/solid-waste/solid-waste_grants.shtml

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              270 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                         January 25, 1999, CITY EDITION

Regional landfill plan turns euphoria into despondency
After giving up their landscape to mining for centuries, the people of
Silvermines believed plans for a heritage centre meant a new beginning. Kevin
O'Sullivan reports on outrage at moves to build a massive regional landfill
there

SECTION: HOME NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 1141 words


The mood changed has changed from euphoria to despondency. In September, the
Minister for Defence and local TD, Mr Michael Smith, announced a (pounds) 1
million grant towards a mining heritage centre on the mountainside near
Silvermines in north Tipperary. But then, sketchy details emerged of a proposal
to convert a flooded open-cast mine just outside the village into a massive
regional landfill, less than a mile from the centre site.

When confirmation came, some 500 people from a small rural community gathered in
the local hall desperate for information, incredulous that just when they were
to see tangible benefits in changing from heavy industry to tourism, they were
about to be blown off course.

The antagonist, as they view it, is Waste Management Ireland (WMI), a subsidiary
of the world's biggest waste disposal company, the US-owned Waste Management
Incorporated (WMInc). It intends putting into practice the Government's
commitment to solving an Irish landfill crisis by building at a cost of (pounds)
16 million one of the series of regionally-based "mega-dumps" envisaged by the
State. WMI sent a brochure to every household. It was accompanied by a video
outlining its plan. It became known as "the video nasty". With it came the
prospect of waste from up to 12 counties being railed into a facility with a
projected lifespan of 25 years.

By car, the two spots are seconds apart. The heritage centre is proposed by
Shannon Development at Shallee, where once the largest lead-zinc underground
mine in Europe was operated by Mogul. Planning permission is about to be sought.
WMI wants to develop the disused barytes mine at Ballynoe, which has the look of
a quarry and was operated by Magcobar up to five years ago. On its floor is a
50-acre lake containing 1.6 million cubic metres of toxic floodwater with a high
metallic content. Their proximity suggests it would be impossible for the two
facilities to coexist successfully.

The proposed heritage centre would be on a 40-acre site overlooking a valley
with the main Limerick-Dublin road west of Nenagh at its floor. The "graves of
the Leinster men" are on rising ground opposite, close to Lough Derg. Behind (to
the south) is "Hill Country", a deep valley before Keeper Hill towers over the
terrain. On its other side is Slieve Felim where Limerick local authorities plan
another, albeit smaller, landfill but 1,100 feet above sea level. Within eyeshot
of Silvermines there is extensive evidence of mining, too; burnt landscape
caused by a filled-in 150-acre tailings pond seeded to prevent toxic dust
clouds, large volumes of sub-soil material dumped indiscriminately on
mountainsides, dilapidated buildings - remnants of an unforgiving industrial
past.

An application submitted to Tipperary North Riding County Council to drain the
lake at Ballynoe of its murky green-coloured liquid signalled WMI's intent. In
the face of overwhelming opposition by councillors, a decision by the local
authority on this - a prerequisite to any application to develop the site - is
imminent. Labour senator Ms Kathleen O'Meara, who has been to the political
forefront of local opposition, believes such a "grotesque" facility is unsuited
to a community slowly regenerating itself, with "tourism the best means to
giving Silvermines a sustainable future". Moreover, it runs counter to EU
attempts to reduce landfill dependency, she said.

A regional landfill policy advocated by the Minister for the Environment, Mr
Dempsey, "absolves whole counties of the responsibility of having to look after
their waste. It makes a nonsense of his declaration that 'the days of landfill
are over'. Our 92 per cent dependency on landfill will not be turned around by
creating these kind of mega-dumps".

Nenagh Chamber of Commerce president Mr Peter Ward views the landfill as a
threat to Nenagh, the nearest urban centre, five miles away, and to its
surrounding region. Concern manifested itself in an attendance of some 700
people at a public meeting in the town last month. "Not only is Silvermines a
visual amenity, it is part of a push to leisure industry which Shannon
Development is leading."

The drainage application brings considerable risks of aquafier contamination
across a large area and, ultimately, threatens the Shannon and Lough Derg, he
said. "We are going to have no heavy industry here. In addition to tourism,
Nenagh's future is in pharmaceuticals, food processing and information
technology."

Silvermines resident and tourism executive with Shannon Development, Mr Eamon de
Stafort, accepts the merits of limited landfill use but, invariably, sites are
chosen for their remoteness, he said. "A hole in the ground is presenting
itself. If it wasn't there, not in a million years would you use a site 600 feet
above sea level. It involves simplistic disposal of bought-in waste."

He added: "People came to terms with the sweat, blood and tears of mining with
its bad land usage and dereliction for hundreds of years. Then they asked, 'how
can we turn this around?' A tidy towns initiative led to national awards. A
'super-dump' runs counter to all we have striven for. The proposal has caused
great pain, unrest and despondency. That is now being converted to energy in a
campaign of opposition."

A heritage centre using Shallee's unique man-made caverns was the perfect focus
for Silvermines' new beginning. It would fit perfectly with Shannon
Development's composite tourism marketing of amenities like Bunratty and Lough
Derg and Lough Gur. The single act of eliminating 1.2 million cubic metres of
toxic water would be a precarious process, Mr de Stafort claimed. WMI plans to
put a series of barges on the lake to treat the liquid before discharge into
Foilborig stream, which is only recovering from previous pollution.

Mrs Nuala Flynn of Silvermines Action Group (SAG) said its concern about this
process centres on likely sediment disturbance in the stream which feeds into an
important salmon river, the Kilmastulla, with the planned discharge of some six
million gallons from the flooded mine.

SAG disputes the need for such a large facility when the local authority plans
to extend Nenagh landfill, yet fears the massive waste being generated by a
tiger economy is about to bombard them. "We are being hit by the Celtic tiger's
tail."

The community and neighbouring parishes would stand together, she added,
encouraged by the success of small communities in the US who successfully fought
off WMInc. "That is driving us." A geologist living in the area, Ms Jean Archer,
likens the terrain to a colander. A high limestone content and myriad of
subterranean man-made channels would make such a facility "precarious in the
extreme" because of the absence of an adequate, natural buffer zone. "There is
the possibility of environmentally disastrous consequences."

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1999 The Irish Times


                              271 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                              June 19, 2006 Monday

Board approves grants to help county clean up illegal dumping

BYLINE: The Times-Standard

SECTION: LOCAL; News

LENGTH: 278 words


SACRAMENTO -- A Humboldt County site plagued by illegal dumping will get some
relief soon from trash-dumping culprits thanks to a $50,000 grant from the
California Integrated Waste Management Board's Farm and Ranch Solid Waste
Cleanup and Abatement Grant Program.

The Humboldt County site is the Green Diamond Resource Co. More than 300 cubic
yards of waste was located in a drainage and tributary to Jacoby Creek owned by
the Green Diamond. After spending $64,000 in 2004 to clean it, the company
sought $50,000 in reimbursement.

The Board approved a $50,000 grant for the company -- the maximum dollar amount
allowed per single cleanup.

"The devastating impacts on the environment and to public health caused by
illegal dumping can be severe," said Board Chair Margo Reid Brown. "These grants
assist rural communities that are most affected by illegal dumping. It is the
first step in returning these communities to pristine beauty and the
environment's health."

To date, the Board has awarded 84 grants to clean up 299 illegal disposal sites
totaling more than $3.3 million. The Farm and Ranch Solid Waste Cleanup and
Abatement Grant Program is the board's primary resource in assisting local
agencies with combating the problem of illegal dumping of solid waste in rural
areas where the property owners are not at fault.

The properties, which include farms, public right-of-ways and timberland, are
littered with piles of household appliances, waste tires, automotive debris and
other various materials. These illegal disposal sites can sometimes lie adjacent
to local rivers and tributaries which may cause them to be contaminated with
heavy concentrations of urban runoff.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                              272 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

              September 12, 1996, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

HAZARDOUS-WASTE COLLECTION SITE URGED; STUDY RECOMMENDS CENTER FOR DANGEROUS
HOUSEHOLD SUBSTANCES

BYLINE: Phil Sutin Of The Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: ZONE WEST; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 351 words


The St. Louis area should have a permanent collection center for household
hazardous waste, a study says. Officials would have to find a way to pay for
building and operating it.

The recommendation came recently from a study by a task force of Conflu ence St.
Louis, commissioned by St. Louis County. The study also said the area should
have at least one mobile collection unit. The study did not suggest a site for
the permanent collection center.

Household hazardous waste includes leftovers of products that are inflammable,
explosive, corrosive or toxic. Some cleaning materials and used motor oil are
common household hazardous waste.

Because of the cost - sometimes exceeding $ 100,000 each - occasional collection
drives virtually are the only way residents can get rid of household hazardous
waste without risking their safety or the environment's. An area may be included
in a drive only once every two or three years.

The Confluence St. Louis study estimated the area would need to spend about $
650,000 to build a collection center and to buy and equip a mobile van. The
collection system would cost $ 710,000 a year to operate. Part of that money
would pay for teaching the public to recognize and properly dispose of household
hazardous waste, the study said.

Money would have to come from government sources and private grants, the study
said. Officials could seek money for building the center from state
waste-reduction grants and from the St. Louis-Jefferson Solid Waste Management
District, the study said. Private grants or in-kind contributions may be
available, the study said.

Counties and the city of St. Louis could pay for operating costs out of their
general revenue budgets, a tax or special fee, the study said. Confluence St.
Louis, however, recommended against a tax. "The closer the funding source can be
tied to (household hazardous waste) and solid waste management, the more
accepting the public will be of the program," the study said.

Officials unsuccessfully sought a $ 77,500 state grant to hire a program manager
to act on the recommendations.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1996 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              273 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             July 20, 2006 Thursday

WSWMD gets hazardous waste collection grant

BYLINE: By CATE LECUYER, Reformer Staff

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 415 words


BRATTLEBORO -- Residents across Windham County will have additional
opportunities to throw out all those old cleaning supplies under the kitchen
sink, thanks to a grant given to the Windham Solid Waste Management District.

WSWMD received $125,000 from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural
Development program. Out of 47 recipients, it was one of four Vermont
organizations to receive the funding. Also included was another Brattleboro
organization, the Northeast Recycling Council, as well as the Association of
Vermont Recyclers in Plainfield, and Highfields Institute Ltd. of Craftsbury.

The district will use the money to expand its hazardous materials collection
sites to nine rotating towns across the county. The towns currently don't have
an easy way to get rid of the waste.

It will be in addition to the annual collection that WSWMD does on the first
Saturday of November in Brattleboro, Townshend, Wilmington, Winhall and one
rotating town, called a "rover" by the district, said program director Cindy
Sterling.

"Now we can add on nine more rover sites throughout the year," she said.

Collection dates will most likely be in March or April, to correspond with
people moving and spring cleaning.

Sterling said she doesn't know where the locations will be, but will have a
better idea by Oct. 1, when the grant money kicks in. It's good for about a
year, until Sept. 30.

"After our November collection, we realized there's still so many houses out
there," Sterling said.

The district used to do a second collection in June, but stopped it after two
years because the majority of the materials collected were paint.

Instead, people can bring in their oil-based, enamel or polyurethane paint at
any time, and it will be kept in a storage facility, along with everything else
collected over the year, until someone comes to haul it all away in November.

If the facility fills up before then with the new program and increased
collections, Sterling said they can pay an additional fee and have someone clear
it out early. WSWMD is also teaming up with the Greater Upper Valley Solid Waste
District, and will share space in storage facilities, as well as advertising
materials and cost.

This is the eighth solid waste management grant the district has received from
USDA Rural Development since 1999.

Last year, the grant was used to start a new project that encourages businesses
in the food industry to compost.

Cate Lecuyer can be reached at clecuyer@reformer.com or (802) 254-2311, ext.
271.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              274 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                             July 17, 2014 Thursday

Coral reef protection through management and recycling of solid waste in the
community of Rio Esteban Colon.

LENGTH: 575  words


Project Number: HND/SGP/OP5/STAR/CC/13/21


Country: Honduras
Area Of Work: Climate Change Mitigation


Operational Phase: Phase 5
Grant Amount:  US$ 39,815.00


Start Date: 1/2014


End Date: 3/2015


Status: Currently under execution


Project Description: The project will be developed in three specific components:
organizational strengthening, this component seeks to raise awareness SE Balfate
population on the importance of proper management of waste sólidos.Los Demi
partners hope will not. 2 undertake training in the administrative issues,
organizational strengthening, use and maintenance of equipment, solid waste.
These trainings are meant to leave installed capacities that allow them to
members of my hope nO. 2 be a self sustainable organization and management of
their own resources, to be active participants in making decisions that benefit
their business development.


In the second generation employment component association aims to generate
revenue through the collection of solid waste throughout the peninsula of Zacate
Grande, simultaneously tries to establish a network marketing thereof, in order
to generate resources that benefit the sustainability of the project and sustain
the needs of the families of the beneficiaries.
The third component Environmental Protection; the association continue
contributing to the protection of ecosystems of the Gulf of Fonseca,
anteriormente.Con support program PPDen recent years the organization reforested
20 hectares of mangrove and contributed with three cleaning beaches Zope
Community, having the commitment ACOPAZ conservation is concerned about the
large amount of debris buildup in the Gulf; which significantly affect the
environment, due to this situation and the lack of management of garbage
collection in the municipality of Amapala, for that reason as an organized group
seeking to take responsibility for establishing a network of solid waste
collection and at the same select time all this crap then transform it to the
market, thus generating financial resources for the organization and improvement
of environmental conditions in the municipality.
Grantee:  Empresa Asociativa de Campesinos de Producción  MI ESPERANZA No. 2


Organisation Mission : For GEF SGP, the community-based approach is the
cornerstone for addressing local and global environmental and sustainable
development challenges. SGP provides grants to civil society organizations
(CSOs), notably national and local non-governmental organizations (NGOs),
community-based organizations (CBOs), and indigenous peoples organizations. SGP
grantees may also include other not-for-profit organizations such as
professional associations, unions and other civil society groups.

By enabling a direct connection between sustainable livelihoods and the
generation of local and global livelihoods, SGP empowers communities to act and
participate in their own development and hence ensures community ownership and
impact. Over the course o
Project completion date : 2015-03-31 12:00:00
Major organization : SGP THE GEF SMALL GRANTS PROGRAMME

Address : Casa de las Naciones Unidas,


Avenida República de Panam
Tegucigalpa, Francisco Morazán, 976


Attn:  Mr. Hugo Galeano

Country :Honduras
Financier : Global Environment Facility (GEF),
United Nations Development Programme (UNDP),

Financier address : United Nations Development Programme
One United Nations Plaza
New York, NY 10017


Tel: +1 (212) 906-5000


Call: +1 (212) 963-1234

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2014 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              275 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   November 13, 1997, Thursday, Final Edition

BULLETIN BOARD

SECTION: WEEKLY - MD; Pg. M02

LENGTH: 391 words


SUBURBAN MARYLAND

State Arts Council Seeks Applicants

The Maryland State Arts Council is seeking applicants for its fiscal 1999
Non-Arts Organization Grant program, in which churches, libraries, community
centers and other nonprofit organizations can obtain funding for arts
activities.

Three types of grants are available to organizations whose primary purpose is
not the production or presentation of the arts.

Funds are available for organizations that were incorporated in Maryland as
tax-exempt and nonprofit before March 31, 1997, operate primarily in Maryland
and have been in operation during the previous fiscal year.

Completed applications must be postmarked on or before Dec. 5. For application
forms and additional information, call the Maryland State Arts Council,
410-333-8232; 410-333-4519 (TDD/TTY).

Fines Issued in Waste Operation

Inspectors with the Montgomery County Department of Public Works and
Transportation have issued more than 260 civil citations totaling $ 131,500 to
five companies for participating in an illegal solid waste transfer station
operation at Georgetown Paper Inc. in Rockville.

On Oct. 10, after several weeks of surveillance, investigators found that the
company was permitting trucks to drop off and pick up solid waste, which is a
violation of the Montgomery County Code.

The county and state codes permit the temporary storage of recyclables without a
permit, but not of solid waste. No hazardous waste was discovered on the
premises.

Companies issued fines are Browning Ferris Industries ($ 42,000) of Frederick;
USA Wages ($ 1,500) of Gaithersburg; V&D Trucking ($ 2,000) of Rockville; Waste
Management ($ 21,000) of Gaithersburg; and Georgetown Paper Inc. ($ 65,000).

Georgetown Paper had no comment on the fine.

Public Meeting on Storm Water Facility

A public meeting will be held Saturday for Rockville residents to discuss plans
to redesign the Aintree Drive storm water management facility. It will be at the
end of Aintree Drive at 3:30 p.m.

The existing dry pond needs to be changed to deal with problems caused by
frequent storms. The new design calls for raising the dam, steepening its slope
and excavating several feet at the bottom to create a marsh.

For more information, call Ken Hartman, project implementation coordinator, at
301-315-6527.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                              276 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                        Armenpress News Agency (English)

                            October 16, 2015 Friday

Armenian Government and EIB sign $8 million agreement

LENGTH: 455  words


YEREVAN, OCTOBER 16, ARMENPRESS. The European Investment Bank (EIB) is lending
EUR 8 million to finance the first phase of improvements to the solid waste
disposal system in Yerevan and four surrounding regions.

The project concerns the construction of a sanitary landfill, closure of the
existing landfill and the implementation of waste diversion measures in the
capital of Armenia and surrounding regions, serving a population of 1.9 million.

EIB Vice-President László Baranyay, responsible for the Bank's financing
operations in Armenia, stated: "This is the first EIB loan supporting solid
waste management in the Eastern Partnership region. It concerns key social
infrastructure, highly relevant for the quality of life and health conditions of
almost two million people. This project is an example of excellent cooperation
between the EIB, regional players, the European Commission and partner IFIs."The
project is co-financed by a EUR 8 million European Bank for Reconstruction and
Development (EBRD) loan with a EUR 1.9 million technical assistance grant, and a
EUR 8 million grant from the EU Neighbourhood Investment Facility (NIF). The EIB
is expected to provide EUR 17 million in total to support the project, the EUR 8
million loan signed today representing only the support for the first phase of
the project.

H.E. Mr Piotr Antoni Switalski, Ambassador, and Head of the European Union
Delegation to the Republic of Armenia, said: "The European Union is committed to
supporting initiatives that ensure improved solid waste management in Armenia
and in the region. This is our third financial grant to the Armenian Government
in this field. I am delighted that following regional initiatives in Kotayk and
Vanadzor, we are now providing financial assistance to ensure improved living
conditions for the citizens of Yerevan."To date, the EIB has signed 11 loans in
Armenia totaling EUR 220 million. The portfolio is well diversified across
transport, energy and water and waste treatment infrastructure as well as SME
support.

Background information:

The EIB - the European Union's bank - finances projects in Armenia on the basis
of an EU Council and European Parliament mandate for the countries of the
Eastern Neighbourhood. The 2014-2020 mandate enables the EIB to provide
financing of up to EUR 4.8 billion under an EU guarantee to support projects of
significant interest to both the EU and its Eastern Neighbours in the areas of
local private sector development, social and economic infrastructure and climate
change. In addition, the Bank has set up a EUR 3 billion own-risk Neighbourhood
Finance Facility to enhance its support for the Neighbourhood Countries.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/354/1176/94/144501644109.jpg



LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1176


                           Copyright 2015 Armenpress
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              277 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                          February 16, 2005 Wednesday

Brattleboro Compost Network meets Thursday

SECTION: COMMUNITY

LENGTH: 291 words

DATELINE: BRATTLEBORO


The newly formed Brattleboro Compost Network [BCN] has used compost grant funds
provided from the Windham Solid Waste Management District to connect consumers
and solid waste haulers with an industrial scale composter.

On Thursday, from 7-9 p.m. at the Riverview Cafe in Brattleboro, BCN member
businesses will meet to brainstorm methods for network expansion and increasing
the local compost market while enjoying a delicious dessert buffet provided by
the Riverview Cafe.

According to Sigurd Spearing, coordinator of the WSWMD's compost program, "The
process of changing deeply embedded habits regarding waste management takes time
and patience. Coordinating a network like this requires understanding all the
business relationships involved."

Some of the local participating businesses include World Learning, the Putney
Co-op, Windham County Humane Society, Chelsea Royal Diner and the Riverview
Cafe.

Industrial scale composting provides many challenges. Composting at this scale
requires creativity, astute management and a network of interested key players.

The WSWMD has helped local businesses reduce the volume of their solid waste
stream that would otherwise be transported to a landfill and has received
financial support from the Vermont Agency of Natural Resources, in the form of a
compost grant distributed by local government.

Peter Gaskill, general manager of Triple T Trucking, said that 65 percent of the
network's waste stream, in the form of organic waste, can be redirected out of
the landfill.

That 65 percent is hauled to Martin's Farm, located in Greenfield, Mass., which
is able to convert this nutrient-rich material into a marketable soil amendment
for landscapers, home gardeners and other farmers.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

   Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.


                              278 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                  Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 17, 2013 Friday

BRIEF: Tupelo to receive MDEQ solid waste grant

BYLINE: Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 127 words


May 17--TUPELO --The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality has awarded
the city of Tupelo a solid waste assistance grant of $4,800 for cleaning up
illegal dump sites.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
MDEQ. These grants are utilized by local communities for programs to prevent and
clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in hiring local solid waste enforcement
officers; for public education efforts on solid waste disposal and recycling;
and to establish programs for the collection of white goods, bulky wastes and
recyclables.

___ (c)2013 the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) Visit the
Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) at www.nems360.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130517-TP-BRF-Tupelo-to-receive-MDEQ-solid-waste-grant-0517-20130517

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TP


               Copyright 2013 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal


                              279 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                December 31, 2001 Monday Five Star Lift Edition

LOCAL BRIEFS

SECTION: METRO; Local Briefs Column; Pg. E4

LENGTH: 315 words


ST. LOUIS

Mayor wants new deal on trash hauling contract

Hoping to pay less, St. Louis Mayor Francis Slay wants the city to pull out of a
15-year trash hauling contract with Waste Management Inc. after just five years.
The company takes refuse collected by city workers to landfills.

The deal approved in 1997 allows the city to terminate it at five-year
intervals; the first such date is June 30 next year. In each of the initial five
years, the city paid the company $35.90 a ton or about $7.5 million a year.

The contract calls for the price to increase to $40.45 a ton for the next five
years.

The city Estimate Board is expected today to agree to the mayor's request.

The city then would seek bids on a new contract from various companies.

ST. LOUIS

Church gets $100,000 from Danforth Foundation

The Danforth Foundation on Sunday awarded $100,000 to Cote Brilliante
Presbyterian Church in St. Louis as part of its annual "I Dare You" program. The
foundation each year honors a religious congregation in the St. Louis area for
its outstanding social outreach programming.

Cote Brilliante is at 4673 Labadie Avenue. It has 650 members, of which 80
percent are involved in 12 outreach programs that serve youth, the elderly and
the poor.

The church is led by the Rev. William Gillespie. He came to the church in the
Ville neighborhood in 1956, when it was closed because white families were
leaving. He reorganized the church to cater to African-American residents in the
area.

In the past 15 years, church members have donated up to $20,000 in scholarships
to college-bound students.

For more than 25 years, the church has operated a preschool program.

The church plans this summer to open a 38-unit apartment complex for the elderly
across from the church. And it has worked with other congregations in programs
such as Mentor St. Louis.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              280 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Analyst

                                 March 07, 2013

Unusual Resignation Broh Recounts Accomplishments in Exit

LENGTH: 1150 words


Public officials' resignation letters are usually terse, particularly when they
come as a result of President's request whether the reason border incompetence
and malfeasance. Outgoing acting Monrovia Lord Mayor Mary Broh, whose exit has
got no link to performance, broke the protocol. She landed in the hands of
President Sirleaf a dossier of achievements made since her incumbency nearly
four years ago. The Analyst reports.

Mary T. Broh, or General Broh as she was called by many for her no-nonsense
stance on sanitation matters, leaves the post of City Mayor of Monrovia with no
dispute over her passion and capacity to deliver. Her critics just as her
supporters have elative about her success. The brouhahas that concerned her
while in office had consistently been about rowdy behaviors that got no borders.
Many would expect that in providing reasons for her exit, she would prefer
giving defense on the grey areas of her incumbency. But she did something
altogether different, as the content of her resignation letter suggests.

In the letter dated February 28, 2013, "General Broh" briefed President Ellen
Johnson Sirleaf with detailed catalogue of her achievements dating from 2009 to
present.

"I am pleased to present my compliments and by this communication highlight to
you the progress and key achievements realized by me since my incumbency as
Acting Mayor of the Monrovia City Corporation (MCC) from June 10, 2009 to
February 22, 2013, the date of my indefinite suspension by you," she commenced
the resignation letter, exalting her accomplishment as a result of improvements
in the internal revenue generation of the MCC from US$.5M in 2009 to US$1.2M in
2012 through the injection of better internal controls.

Broh updated the President as saying that through enhanced coordination with the
donor community, the MCC again under her leadership has benefited from the Solid
Waste Management (SWM) by which the City Corporation under her leadership raised
its collection coverage from 20-25% to 55-60% coverage due to a host of factors
that were pursued and introduced by her.

The factors, according to the former Acting City Mayor of Liberia included
approval by the World Bank of the US$18.4M Emergency Monrovia Urban Sanitation
(EMUS) Project Grant for expanded solid waste collection in Monrovia; approval
by the Gates Foundation of a US$5M Grant Proposal on Improved Primary Waste
Collection  in the Poor Communities of Monrovia for increased access of the
urban poor to door-to-door waste collection services and construction and
introduction of two (2) waste transfer stations in the Monrovia Solid Waste
Management system for rapid collection and disposal of secondary waste from the
city center and environs.

Other factors named by the exiting Mayor included setting up of a designated
Solid Waste Management Account with a commercial bank for the long term
sustainability of waste collection in Monrovia and the acquisition of additional
funding of US$4M from the International Development Agency of the World Bank
Group through a 40 year soft loan arrangement.

Regarding Sanitation and Environmental Health, which represents the second most
municipal service delivery function of the MCC, Madam Broh said the MCC was able
to realize the construction of public sanitation centers in poor communities
with donor funding from OXFAM and CSR funding from Chevron Liberia and TOTAL and
APM Terminals. At the moment we have received approval of a US$1.4M equivalent
grant from the African Water Facility (AWF) of the African Development Bank
(AfDB) to be effective March 2013.

Under City Planning and Services, which was carried out in partnership with the
private sector, "General Broh" noted that the MCC introduced City Street Parking
Services in the City's Business District (CBD) and immediate environs thereby
reducing congestion and facilitating a free flow of vehicular traffic and
pedestrian movement.

Additionally, she said, with CSR support from corporate donors, the MCC
established the Monrovia Central Park, which will be completed soon to enhance
recreational services for the City's residents. Chevron has provided the MCC a
second tranche of CSR funding to complete the park.

The former Lord Mayor also reported on Institutional Reform and Capacity
Development upon which she was granted a study tour of the City of Accra, Ghana
organized by the World Bank to enable her observe street selling, solid waste
management (SWM) and slum upgrading.

Broh further reported "Under my leadership the below support has been obtained
by the MCC: Situational Study of Slum Conditions in Monrovia and the Options for
Upgrading and Prevention. This was funded by Cities Alliance. Capacity support
from USAID in terms of immediate logistics and funding of technical assistance
by IBI; Capacity support from the World Bank in terms of a short term Governance
Adviser to assist the Office of the Mayor to improve responsiveness of the MCC
on issues related to the core functions of the Monrovia City Corporation (MCC)
and an Organizational Audit and Restructuring of MCC was undertaken and
completed with funding sourced from the World Bank."

Other capacity building initiatives undertaken by Broh included Financial Audit
and Restructuring of MCC has been undertaken and completed with funding from the
World Bank and over 50 staff members who have been provided in and out of
country training opportunities

She said she was delighted for the confidence President Sirleaf reposed in her
throughout the years, and with the diligence of the staff of the Monrovia City
Corporation and help from the international community, cooperation from local
businesses, and significantly with the positive support of the majority of the
residents of Monrovia, which made her leadership to move in the right direction
to make Monrovia a better place to live.

"I have strived to help make Monrovia an example of urban transformation that
would be a model for other cities in Liberia and Africa," Broh further said,
adding: "The task is far from done. Although the living standards of the city's
residents have improved during my tenure, there remains much to be done.  We are
far below international standards and must therefore work incessantly and
vigorously to make things better here in Monrovia."

Madam Broh opined that "As a patriot, I consider it a privilege to serve our
people. I have sought to demonstrate my patriotism by delivering on the
responsibility given me.  For that reason, I have presented to you above a
summary of achievements of the MCC under my leadership."

Then the resignation came in these words: "Today, tension permeates the
atmosphere between the Legislative and Executive branches of Government and I
honestly do not want to be a source of conflict between the Legislature and the
Executive.  Therefore, Madam President, I hereby tender my resignation as Acting
Mayor of the MCC."

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              281 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Gazette (Sterling, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 9, 2013 Saturday

Next round of Ogle recycling grants under way

BYLINE: Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 287 words


March 09--OREGON -- The next round of waste reduction and recycling grant
applications to the Ogle County Solid Waste Management Department are due by
April 5.

Grants of up to $2,000 are available to Ogle County businesses, schools,
churches, and nonprofit organizations wishing to establish or improve on waste
reduction and recycling programs and services.

Applicants must provide a 20 percent match of the total project cost.

Recent grant recipients and purchases include: Byron Park District, trash,
recycle bin at Blackhawk Meadow Park; the city of Rochelle, magnets with
recycling instructions for residents; and the village of Davis Junction, 12
recycling containers with decals at the village's community park.

Grants also were awarded to Flagg-Rochelle Community Park District, recycling
containers for its buildings.

The grants may not be used to pay for ongoing expenses such as staffing,
collection and hauling costs.

All applications will be reviewed by the county Solid Waste Management
Department and the Ogle County Board's Solid Waste Committee. Grants will be
evaluated based on management ability, project quality, project impact,
realistic goals and expectations, accuracy of application, education potential,
use of recycled content products when available, potential for waste stream
diversion, and future continuity of the project.

Applications also may be submitted by July 5 and Oct. 4, as long as grant funds
are available. Priority will be given to new applicants.

Visit www.oglecountysolidwaste.org or call 815-732-4020 for applications or more
information.

___ (c)2013 the Daily Gazette (Sterling, Ill.) Visit the Daily Gazette
(Sterling, Ill.) at www.saukvalley.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130309-YG-Next-round-of-Ogle-recycling-grants-under-way-0309-20130309

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YG


                          Copyright 2013 Daily Gazette


                              282 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

              December 21, 1995, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

GRANTS MAY FOLLOW COUNCIL'S ADOPTION OF DISPOSAL PLAN

SECTION: ZONE SOUTH; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 114 words


St. Louis County on Tuesday became eligible for grants from the St.
Louis-Jefferson Solid Waste Management District by adopting the district's waste
management plan. The County Council's action also complies with a 1990 state
law.

The plan commits participants in the plan to:

Ensure that residents have access to collection of recyclable materials.

Ensure that residents have access to yard-waste collection.

Provide programs promoting waste reduction and recycling.

The plan is part of a state effort to reduce by 40 percent the waste that is
dumped in landfills. Jefferson County, St. Louis and numerous municipalities
within the district have adopted the plan.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1995 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              283 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                             May 28, 2014 Wednesday

Coral reef protection through the management and recycling of solid waste in the
community of Rio Esteban Colon

LENGTH: 456  words


Project Number: HND/SGP/OP5/STAR/CC/13/21
Country: Honduras
Area Of Work: Climate Change Mitigation
Operational Phase: Phase 5
Grant Amount: US$ 39,815.00
Start Date: 1/2014
End Date: 3/2015
Status: Currently under execution
Project Description: The project will be developed in three specific components:
organizational strengthening, this component seeks to raise awareness SE Balfate
population on the importance of proper management of waste sólidos.Los Demi
partners hope will not . 2 undertake training in the administrative issues ,
organizational strengthening , use and maintenance of equipment, solid waste.
These trainings are meant to leave installed capacities that allow them to
members of my hope nO. 2 be a self sustainable organization and management of
their own resources, to be active participants in making decisions that benefit
their business development.


In the second generation employment component association aims to generate
revenue through the collection of solid waste throughout the peninsula of Zacate
Grande, simultaneously tries to establish a network marketing thereof , in order
to generate resources that benefit the sustainability of the project and sustain
the needs of the families of the beneficiaries.
The third component Environmental Protection ; the association continue
contributing to the protection of ecosystems of the Gulf of Fonseca,
anteriormente.Con support program PPDen recent years the organization reforested
20 hectares of mangrove and contributed with three cleaning beaches Zope
Community , having the commitment ACOPAZ conservation is concerned about the
large amount of debris buildup in the Gulf ; which significantly affect the
environment, due to this situation and the lack of management of garbage
collection in the municipality of Amapala , for that reason as an organized
group seeking to take responsibility for establishing a network of solid waste
collection and at the same select time all this crap then transform it to the
market, thereby generating financial resources for the organization and
improvement of environmental conditions in the municipality.
Grantee:  Empresa Asociativa de Campesinos de Producción  MI ESPERANZA No. 2

Organisation Mission : For GEF SGP, the community-based approach is the
cornerstone for addressing local and global environmental and sustainable
development challenges. SGP provides grants to civil society organizations
(CSOs), notably national and local non-governmental organizations (NGOs),
community-based organizations (CBOs), and indigenous peoples organizations. SGP
grantees may also include other not-for-profit organizations such as
professional associations, unions and other civil society groups.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2014 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              284 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                    April 4, 1994, MONDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

RECYCLING GRANT SOUGHT BY CITY

SECTION: ZONE SOUTH; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 187 words


Byrnes Mill has applied for a recycling grant of $ 16,750 from the Missouri
Department of Natural Resources.

City Treasurer Bill Sehie said Byrnes Mill must provide 25 percent matching
funds to receive the money, which would be used to help cover the expenses of
people and equipment.

Sehie says he will apply to the St. Louis Jefferson Solid Waste Management
Agency for another grant for which Byrnes Mill would have to provide 10 percent
matching funds. The money from that grant would be used to expand the hours of
the recycling center.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: (1) Color Photo by L.T. Spence/St. Charles Post - ABOVE LEFT:
Wildflowers like this Dutchman's Breeches plant are in bloom. (2) Color Photo by
L.T.  Spence/St. Charles Post - ABOVE RIGHT: A bloodroot flower blooms below the
leaves of a Dutchman's Breeches. (3) Color Photo by L.T. Spence/St.  Charles
Post - RIGHT: A Smooth Yellow Violet.

                  Copyright 1994 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              285 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                            July 24, 2014, Thursday

SECTION: WSTATE; Pg. P12A

LENGTH: 80 words


Waste programs get grant money

CHARLESTON, W.Va. - Grants totaling $360,000 are headed to 29 solid waste
authorities across West Virginia.

The grants approved by the Solid Waste Management Board are designed to assist
local authorities on properly managing solid waste.

The grants range from $1,000 for Berkeley County to $20,000 for Greenbrier,
Mercer, Ohio and Wood counties. The money will pay for recycling containers,
supplies and programs to dispose of hazardous household events.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Charleston Newspapers


                              286 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                              June 27, 2008 Friday

Local briefs

BYLINE: Chico Enterprise-Record

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 449 words


Shelter gets grant from Waste Management foundation

CHICO   The Torres Community Shelter will be receiving a $5,000 grant from Waste
Management's WM Foundation.

The check presentation will take place during the shelter's annual car wash
fundraiser Saturday.

"We are thrilled to receive this generous donation from Waste Management," said
Tom Perdue, shelter board chair. "We are going to use the funds to purchase new,
comfortable bedding for each of our cots."

The car wash runs at 9 a.m.-2 p.m. at the shelter, and all proceeds will go
directly to the Torres Community Shelter.

Regional Land Trust hike, swim set for next month

MAGALIA   An annual picnic, hike and swim is being hosted by Northern California
Regional Land Trust, 10 a.m.-4 p.m. July 26 from Magalia at the Hanford
easement. Information will be given on watersheds. A hike of the easement will
be followed by lunch, then a swim in the West Branch of the Feather River. Cost
is $7 for adults and $5 for kids.

RSVP by July 18 at 894-7738.

Ruby Mountains to be Altacal Audubon Society destination

Altacal Audubon Society has planned a camping trip July 3-6 to the Ruby
Mountains.

Scott Huber will lead the tour to view Himalayan snowcock, black rosy-finch and
pine grosbeaks.

Plans are to leave Chico on July 3 with everyone in the same vehicle, if
possible.

Camp will be two miles from the trailhead and the group will be on the trail by
4 a.m. Hiking will be challenging with nine switchbacks. Scopes are a necessity.

Balance of the trip will be spent looking for black rosy-finch and visiting
nearby wetlands.

To go, call Huber at 321-5579 or e-mail to birdtours@altacal.org

Depot Museum cancels the second of its history series

PARADISE   The second of Paradise Depot Museum's summer series, "Speaking of the
Past," on Saturday has been canceled due to the smoky conditions.

George Barber, executive officer of Paradise Irrigation District, had been
scheduled to talk about the history of the PID. His talk has been tentitively
rescheduled for Aug. 9.

The museum is at 5570 Black Olive Drive in Paradise Community Park. For
information, call the Gold Nugget Museum at 872-8722.

Keene, Wahl to join speakers at annual July Fourth celebration

CHICO   Organizers with Do-It Leisure have announced two more speakers will join
the line-up during Chico's Fourth of July events at Bidwell Park.

Assemblyman Rick Keene, R-Chico, and Chico Councilor Larry Wahl will be guests
during the 43rd celebration's Let Freedom Ring ceremony, 10:45 to 11:30 a.m.

Also, members of Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 1555 will post and retire the
colors.

The day will be filled with activities, patriotic music and prizes 10 a.m. to 3
p.m. at Sycamore Field in Bidwell Park.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              287 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Hindu

                             May 14, 2014 Wednesday

A way out on solid waste management

LENGTH: 301  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, May 14 -- As part of involving rag-pickers in tackling the Herculean
task of solid waste management, a co-operative has been formed.

The co-operative formed under the Andhra Pradesh Mutually-Aided Co-operative
Societies Act, 1995, has launched work in five wards on a pilot basis. With
sanitation workers having to clean roads, clear drains and collect garbage door
to door, residents complain about garbage not being collected regularly.

Pune experience

Prior to the formation of the co-operative, GVMC officials and representatives
of ARTD (Urban) visited Pune in January to study the experience of Solid Waste
Management and Handling (SWACH), a co-operative of rag-pickers working there
since 2007. The organisation had entered into an MoU with Pune Municpal
Corporation, received a grant for five years for creation of awareness on solid
waste management, organising rag-pickers, separating the waste, setting up
ward-level vermicomposting and sending only the dry waste to the dumping yard.

According to Pragada Vasu of ARTD, who visited Pune, the efforts have brought
down the garbage being sent to the yard from 1200 tonnes a day to 600 tonnes.

Recently representatives of SWACH also visited Visakhapatnam, it was learnt. A
rag-pickers co-operative, Subhrata, was formed in Visakhapatnam in March and
registered under MACS. We have taken up work in five wards assigning 350
workers, said Mr. Vasu, who is Subhratas CEO.

In Wards 12 and 19, comprising CBM Compound, Diamond Park, and Ramnagar areas,
the progress is good with wet waste being sent to the vermicompost yard at KRM
Colony and rag-pickers selling the dry garbage themselves.

However, a formal MoU has to be entered with GVMC for one year.

Subhrata, a rag-pickers co-operative formed in March, takes up work in five
wards on a pilot basis

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 Tangerine Digital Entertainment Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              288 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            January 30, 2015 Friday

Recycling and the Reduction of Greenhouse Gas Emissions on Bequia

LENGTH: 397  words


Grantee:  Action Bequia Inc.
Country:  Saint Vincent and Grenadines
Area Of Work:  Climate Change Mitigation
Operational Phase:  Phase 5
Grant Amount: US$ 139,426.00
Description : Similar to many small islands in the Caribbean with very limited
landmass, Bequia faces a severe crisis dealing with rapidly growing volumes of
solid waste. There is currently no recycling on the island of Bequia or any of
the smaller Grenadine Islands outside of Mustique. Bequia's solid waste
management buries or burns several tons of solid waste resources  paper,
plastic, metals, glass and organic materials in a small landfill annually, which
is only a few years away from being completely filled. The expansion or
relocation of this facility has been delayed due to lack of available land and
funding.


Action Bequia (AB), a local Community Development Corporation (CDC) believes
that a well conceived recycling project would provide enormous relief to Bequia
s under-sized waste management facility, cleanup the island in order to make it
a more attractive tourist destination, while creating much needed green jobs on
Bequia. The project proposes to create at least 15

20 new jobs both in operations, recycling, trash pick-up and construction.
The primary objectives of the project included the following:
(i) To complete business and carbon imprint plan.
(ii) To build recycling facility and collection points
(iii) To have recycling program fully operational by the end of the grant.
(iv)To organize community leaders and work with schools to educate and inform
them on the recycling program.
Project strategies include:
Consultant research Mustique and SVG recycling centers. Write plan.
Construct shed according to architectural drawings already in hand and build
collection points
Staff Recycling Center and collection points in six village communities and have
fully operational by July 2015
Meet with community leaders and schools frequently.
Grantee Contact :
Ms. Shaverne Ollivierre
Email: sollivierre1@gmail.com
Address
P.O. Box26BQ, Bequia
Port Elizabeth , Caribbean , VC0400
Website : http://www.actionbequia.org
Project completion date : 2015-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : SGP THE GEF SMALL GRANTS PROGRAMME

Address : Kingstown,
Caribbean

Country :Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Email : Haydenkkb@unops.org

Financier : Global Environment Facility Small Grants Programme (SGP),

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              289 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            Norwalk Reflector, Ohio

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          November 16, 2016 Wednesday

Commissioners approve grant aiding domestic violence victims

BYLINE: Ivy Keller, Norwalk Reflector, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 465 words


Nov. 16--The Huron County commissioners have a full schedule this month.

November is only halfway through and they already have approved funding for
domestic violence victims, appointed Michael Clark to the law library board and
approved the sale and purchase of vehicles between the Solid Waste Management
District and the county auditor, just to name a few things. They also listened
to a number of reports, including a semi-annual report from OSU Extension
educator Mike Gastier and a bi-monthly report from the Solid Waste Management
District's Pete Welch.

On Nov. 3, they approved an application for a grant benefitting domestic
violence victims in 2017.

"They've done it for a number of years. It's a matching grant," Commissioner
Gary Bauer said. "It's not a 50-50. It's somewhat less than that."

He said Huron County Prosecutor Daivia Kasper felt the grant funded a necessary
program, so she has done it for a number of years. Program director Eva Gorby
was present Nov. 3 to represent the Huron County Victim Assistance Program.

The grant is through the state of Ohio's Office of Justice Assistance grant
program, and funds much of the Huron County Victim Assistance Program's costs,
according to commissioner Tom Dunlap.

The county will match the grant $30,449.91, which comes from the county general
fund/transfer fund.

During the Nov. 8 meeting, the commissioners also signed off on a new board
member for the county law library board. The new member will be Michael Clark.

Bauer said it was a simple transition.

"What happened there was, Niederhoffer, she was on and she moved out of the
county. So she could not stay on."

During that same meeting, commissioners Bauer, Joe Hintz and Tom Dunlap also
approved buy and sell requests for vehicles.

The vehicle in question belonged to the office of Huron County Auditor Roland
Tkach -- a four-wheel drive truck. Bauer said it was about three years old with
30,000 miles on it.

During its time with the auditor's office, it was used to carry weights and
measures. It will be outfitted to clear snow for the Solid Waste Management
District now.

"He offered to sell that to the county waste district for $15,000," Bauer said.
"I know on the book (it) is considerably more."

Now, Tkach will pay for a new truck to replace the one being sold.

"The call came from Pete Welch that the guys out at the Solid Waste District,"
Tkach said. "They were interested in the pickup truck that the weights and
measures had."

"It's one that we bought brand new," he said.

Tkach also emphasized the boon of being "able to continue to maintain good
vehicles and get these guys the equipment that they (need)."

___ (c)2016 the Norwalk Reflector (Norwalk, Ohio) Visit the Norwalk Reflector
(Norwalk, Ohio) at www.norwalkreflector.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161116-1NW-Commissioners-approve-grant
-aiding-domestic-violence-victims-1116-20161116

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1NW


                     Copyright 2016 Norwalk Reflector, Ohio


                              290 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 20, 2014 Thursday

New Mexico: CANCELLED - Joint Powers Board of the Santa Fe Solid Waste
Management Agency Meeting

LENGTH: 206  words

DATELINE: Santa Fe


Santa Fe County has issued the following event detail:

CANCELLED - Joint Powers Board of the Santa Fe Solid Waste Management Agency
Meeting

« Return to Calendar
November 20, 2014 5:00 PM
Legal Conference Room, 102 Grant Avenue, Santa Fe, NM

CANCELLED - NOTICE OF REGULAR MEETING

Notice is hereby given that the regular meeting of the Joint Powers Board of the
Santa Fe Solid Waste Management Agency will convene on Thursday, November 20,
2014, at 5:00 p.m. The meeting will be held at the Santa Fe County
Administration Building, Legal Conference Room, 102 Grant Avenue, Santa Fe, NM.

Agendas will be available at least 72 hours before the meeting in the County
Manager's Office, the City Clerk's Office, and on the Agency's website at
www.sfswma.org. The meeting may constitute a quorum of the Board of County
Commissioners; however, no County business will be discussed. Anyone who has
questions regarding the meeting or requiring special accommodations should
contact Rosalie Cardenas at (505) 424-1850, extension 150.
Meeting Agenda, Documents, Packet Materials

November 20, 2014: No meeting documents, meeting cancelled.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              291 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Joplin Globe (Missouri)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 13, 2013 Sunday

Opposition forms to bill that would eliminate local solid waste districts

BYLINE: Debby Woodin, The Joplin Globe, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 706 words


Jan. 13--JOPLIN, Mo. -- A bill that would eliminate solid waste management
districts has generated opposition in Southwest Missouri.

The city councils in Joplin and Carthage have voted to take official positions
opposing Senate Bill 13, proposed by Sen. Kurt Schaefer, R-Columbia.

Schaefer's bill would eliminate solid waste districts and reduce disposal fees
at landfills by the amount that now goes to the state's 20 waste management
districts for administration and operating costs. Those districts largely use
the money they take in to make grants to cities and counties for recycling
projects that reduce the amount of material that goes into landfills.

Schaefer or his staff did not return two telephone calls from the Globe asking
for information about why he proposes disbanding the districts. He has been
quoted as saying that that the Department of Natural Resources could award the
grants, and that would save the money it costs for the districts to operate.

According to the bill, that would lower fees from $2.11 to $1.71 per ton at
sanitary landfills and from $1.41 to $1.20 per ton at demolition landfills.

Southwest Missouri is served by the Region M Solid Waste Management District,
which is funded by fees charged at the Lamar landfill.

Joplin's public works director, David Hertzberg, told the City Council that the
Lamar landfill usually ranks in the top three for volume in the state. During
the debris removal effort from the Joplin tornado in 2011, it ranked first in
the state, Hertzberg said.

The revenue from those fees furnishes money for trash reduction efforts in
Jasper,

Newton, McDonald, Barton and Vernon counties.

Harry Rogers, of the Harry S. Truman Coordinating Council, where Region M is
headquartered, said one of his main concerns about the proposal is that it would
eliminate the ability of local residents to make decisions about how to deal
with solid waste disposal. It would shift those decisions to the state, he said,
to be made by the Department of Natural Resources.

Rogers acknowledged that some parts of the state get more money than others as a
result of the regional district structure and the amount taken in by landfills.
But he said different regions need to decide what programs best benefit their
residents.

"I don't believe that the Senate bill addresses that," he said. "I do not
understand why decision making would be moved from local governments to the
state. I don't believe in that."

Rogers said solid waste regions were set up in the 1990s when the state enacted
a solid waste law. It gives part of the money from landfill fees to the DNR to
be the monitoring agency for landfills and their effects on water purity.

DNR representatives did not return a telephone call seeking comment.

Region M has taken in nearly $6.3 million for Southwest Missouri recycling and
reuse projects in the past decade.

It uses about $130,000 for its staff and operations, and distributes $300,000 to
$400,000 per year, depending on how much it receives, to cities and counties.

Region M has given Joplin more than $221,000 for projects the city would not
have undertaken without the funding.

The Joplin Recycling Center, 1310 W. A St., is open to all residents as a result
of Region M funding, said Mary Anne Phillips, Joplin's recycling coordinator.

There also is funding for one employee there, and for much of the center's
efforts to keep electronics and household hazardous waste out of landfills.

For instance, contractors must be paid to haul away electronics such as computer
monitors and televisions, which leach hazardous materials into landfills.
Instead they are broken down for recycling, Phillips said.

Items such as a glass crusher to keep jars and bottles out of landfills, a
compactor, and a cutter that makes packing chips out of blocks and sheets of
insulated foam all were bought with Region M grants, she said.

"Region M takes care of us and we take care of the district, so everybody wins,"
Phillips said.

Diverted

The Region M Solid Waste Management District has kept nearly 238,000 tons of
material out of landfills since 1995, according to its figures.

___ (c)2013 The Joplin Globe (Joplin, Mo.) Visit The Joplin Globe (Joplin, Mo.)
at www.joplinglobe.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130113-JL-Opposition-forms-to-bill-that-would-eliminate-local-
solid-waste-districts-0113-20130113

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JL


                        Copyright 2013 The Joplin Globe


                              292 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                             People's Review Weekly

                            April 10, 2013 Wednesday

WB support for solid waste management

BYLINE:  Our Reporter

LENGTH: 181  words


The World Bank, acting as administrator for the Global Partnership on
Output-Based Aid (GPOBA), has approved a grant of US $ 4.3 million to improve
access to high quality and financially sustainable solid waste management (SMW)
services in participating municipalities.

The grant will finance service delivery subsidies for each participating
municipality, over a four (4) year period, to cover the gap between the costs of
delivering SWM services and the beneficiary revenues collected through SWM fees,
provided that the said services meet verified minimum performance criteria.
Subsidies will be paid to municipalities based on agreed multiples of verified
beneficiary revenue collected upon the services' meeting pre-agreed minimum
performance criteria.

The project will at first target five municipalities of Tansen, Dhankuta,
Lalitpur, Leknath and Pokhara that will benefit an estimated 800,000 people. The
Solid Waste Management Technical Support (SWMTSC) and the Town Development Fund
(TDF) will jointly provide implement the activities covered by the output-based
aid (OBA) grant.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 People's Review
                              All Rights Reserved


                              293 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                           February 27, 2016 Saturday

Bombay HC may let BMC operate Deonar, Mulund dumpyards

BYLINE: express news service

LENGTH: 380  words

DATELINE: Mumbai


The Bombay High Court is expected to grant Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation
permission to operate the Deonar and Mulund dumping grounds, which do not comply
with Municipal Solid Waste (Management and Handling) rules, till June 2017.

While beginning dictation of orders in a matter pertaining to dumping grounds in
Mumbai, the court Friday said the state government and the BMC have not taken
any serious step to ensure proper management and disposal of solid waste, but
considering the serious nature of the issue, the court is bound to grant an
extension up to June 2017.

In March, the BMC had filed an application before the HC in the matter of
seeking exemption from immediate discontinuation and closure of Mulund and
Deonar dumping grounds.

A division bench of Justice Abhay Oka and Justice C V Bhadang has also proposed
to form a committee under the chairmanship of a retired civil servant. An order
for the same will be passed on Monday and the committee will monitor the setting
up of waste-management facilities at the dumping sites and ensure that solid
waste is scientifically treated.

On an average, 9,000 metric tonne garbage is generated in Mumbai on a daily
basis.

The court after going through the affidavits filed by the state and the
corporation had noted that there is absolutely no possibility of compliance of
solid-waste management rules by 2019 to scientifically treat garbage, which by
then could have gone upto 15,000 metric tonne due to the ongoing constructions
in the city.

The court suggested to the state that it modify DCR to allow setting up of
plants at wards level for disposing of bio-degradable waste.

The state in an earlier affidavit had stated that it had taken steps to address
this issue in Mumbai and even issued a circular to the BMC dealing with
segregation of waste and processing of bio-degradable waste.

"To impose the condition of segregating the waste and processing the
bio-degradable waste within the plot area in a scientific manner by the occupier
of the premises while granting permission of development," the affidavit had
stated, adding some areas should be reserved for recreation ground while giving
permission for construction on the area of more than 2,000 square metre and
processing of waste should be allowed in such a ground.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              294 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                              June 6, 2008 Friday
                                  Mars Edition

Sewer district's good news on funds

BYLINE: NANCY J. SULOK, Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 397 words


SOUTH BEND - The county's Regional Sewer and Water District got some encouraging
news Thursday about the sewage treatment plant for the Wyatt area.

Kenneth K. Jones, president of Wightman Petrie consulting engineers and land
surveyors, said the U.S. Department of Agriculture told him earlier in the day
that the project qualifies for a 75 percent grant.

In previous financial planning, he had figured on a 45 percent grant, he said.

The project is being done jointly with Waste Management Inc., which owns the
Prairie View Landfill just west of the town.

Attorney Stephen A. Studer said he is working on an agreement with Waste
Management that would have the company donate to the county the five acres of
land plus the waste treatment facility it will build there.

A lot of legal and financial issues need to be finalized before construction can
start.

If everything remains on track, Jones said, construction could start after the
first of the year, with Wyatt residents being hooked up next summer.

Meanwhile, two future meetings are planned to move the Wyatt project forward.

The county's Redevelopment Commission will have a public hearing at 9 a.m.
Tuesday on the proposed project in the Wyatt economic development district.

The commission adopted a resolution on Feb. 29 to create an economic development
area in the Wyatt area. That was the first step in creating a tax increment
finance district in the area south of Riley Road, east of Gumwood Road, west of
Elm Road and just north of Tyler Road.

That means tax revenues collected from improvements within the district can be
captured for use on public improvements, such as sewer lines, within the
district.

Tuesday's meeting will take place on the seventh floor of the County-City
Building.

On June 18, the county will have a public hearing at the Wyatt Fire Station,
66521 Indiana 331, on its intention to apply for state funds to help pay for the
wastewater collection system for the unincorporated town.

The amount to be sought includes $500,000 in community development block grant
funds. Wyatt is eligible for CDBG funds because of the number of low-income
residents there, Jones said.

The public hearing also will include discussion of a proposed expenditure of
$851,600 derived from U.S. Department of Agriculture rural development loan and
grant funds.

Staff writer Nancy J. Sulok: nsulok@sbtinfo.com (574) 235-6234

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              295 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                              June 29, 2012 Friday

Budget looks good only on paper: Greens;
Environmentalists say focus of the budget should be on sustainable development
and long-term steps rather than superficial work

BYLINE: DNA Correspondent

LENGTH: 580  words


While experts have welcomed the budget proposals for environment, they say the
BBMP should work towards sustainable development and not short-term measures,
otherwise the funds and efforts will be wasted.

"It looks good, at least on paper," said Swabhimaana&apos;s Meenakshi Bharat,
who has been campaigning for proper solid-waste management in the city.
"However, the BBMP has not allocated anything for segregation of waste at the
source. Unless this happens, the BBMP&apos;s plans are going to be futile," she
said.

While the BBMP plans to set up 20 biogas plants of five-tonne capacity and one
of 30-tonne capacity, the gas cannot be used unless there is a hospital or a
hotel nearby. While choosing locations for the bio-gas plants, the Palike should
ensure that there are establishments near them that can use the gas. Or, there
should be a factory near the plant to use the gas to produce electricity.

The BBMP has allocated `158 crore for "development" of 30 lakes in the city.
Environmentalists are asking what exactly the Palike means by "development". "If
it is simply beautification of lakes, then the benefits will only be temporary,"
said Suresh Heblikar, environmentalist and filmmaker. "The BBMP has to make sure
that the development is sustainable and should aim at keeping the lake alive.
Simply putting up jogging tracks and desilting it is not enough," he said.

He added that the same is true of the BBMP&apos;s plans to plant 3.5 lakh
saplings at a cost of `8 crore. "Where are they going to plant these saplings?
Who is going to water them and make sure the plants don&apos;t remain saplings
and actually grow?" he asked.

Solid waste management

* Under Kasadinda Rasa programme, the BBMP will take corrective steps to
effectively handle solid waste. It is proposed to establish a 10-tonne-capacity
unit to generate crude oil from plastic waste at Mandur

* A 750-tonne mechanised segregation of waste plant is proposed at Subbaranayana
Palya, Rajarajeshwarinagar

* Sixteen bio-methanisation segregation of waste plants are proposed at various
locations to generate bio-methane from wet waste

* A 1,000-tonne-capacity power generation unit from solid waste at Kannahalli is
proposed

* Composting tractor units will be bought to convert organic waste to compost

Government grants not enough

The BBMP is getting peanuts from the state government as grants. As per the 13th
Finance Commission, the state government has earmarked `484 crore for
solid-waste management, multi-level car parking, roads and bridges and others.
The BBMP is expecting `750 crore from the state government as special grants. In
the previous year, the BJP corporators had approached the chief minister,
seeking `1,000 crore as grant to take up the projects, but the government could
not meet the demand. The JNNRUM grants, which had been a major source of funds
to take up projects in the city, are limited to `150 crore this time.

Sops for auto drivers, but how?

The BBMP has announced that it would give money to autorickshaw owners to
install digital meters in their vehicles. The Palike has not specified the
amount it has allotted for the task. "We are grateful to the BBMP for the money
(it plans to give us). However, where will they get the money from?" asked an
auto driver plying at Indiranagar. He said he doubted if the state government
would give the money, as the drivers themselves have been asking the transport
department for a year to give `1,000 to install digital meter in each auto.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2012 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              296 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             June 12, 2008 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

IN BRIEF;

BYLINE: From staff reports

SECTION: B; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 392 words


SPOKANE

GRANT TARGETS HAZARDOUS WASTE

The Spokane Regional Solid Waste System received a $914,000 grant from the
Washington Department of Ecology to collect more than 1,200 tons of household
hazardous waste and recycle or properly dispose of it.

The grant is part of $2.8 million awarded to 11 Eastern Washington counties for
waste reduction, recycling projects and increased enforcement.

The grant will provide technical assistance to 100 businesses. It also will pay
for operation of Cheney's recycling facility.

Spokane Regional Environmental Health will use $106,849 for enforcement of solid
waste management rules by conducting 56 inspections and issuing permits to 14
facilities. In addition, county staff will respond to 800 complaints involving
illegal dumping or improper handling of solid waste.

FERRY COUNTY

ORV ORDINANCE PUT ON HOLD

A Spokane judge has issued a temporary injunction barring Ferry County officials
from enforcing a controversial ordinance opening up large sections of the county
to off-road vehicles.

In an order this week, Spokane County Superior Court Judge Michael P. Price said
he had "significant concerns" about Ferry County's enactment of a revised
ordinance originally passed in December 2007 only hours before a court hearing
last Friday.

In December, Ferry County commissioners voted to designate 54 roads, trails and
rights of way as off-road vehicle riding areas in an effort to attract tourism
dollars.

The Quiet Communities Coalition, opponents of the plan, sued in February to halt
the ordinance, saying local officials overstepped their authority and failed to
comply with state environmental laws. Ferry County Commissioner Mike Blankenship
has called their lawsuit "grandstanding."

The venue for the lawsuit was changed to Spokane County and Price was assigned
to the case after one Ferry County judge recused himself and the county filed an
affidavit of prejudice against the other judge.

COEUR D'ALENE

FOREST OFFICES TO CLOSE FOR TRAINING

Some Idaho Panhandle National Forests offices will be closed on Tuesday while
staff receive training.

The closed offices include the Bonners Ferry Ranger District; Sandpoint Ranger
District, Priest Lake Ranger District; the Coeur d'Alene River Ranger District's
Smelterville office; and St. Joe River Ranger District offices in St. Maries,
Avery and Clarkia.

TYPE: Briefs

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              297 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                          February 18, 2015 Wednesday

NGT Rap Spurs TS into Action on Solid Waste

LENGTH: 555 words

DATELINE: HYDERABAD


HYDERABAD, Feb. 18 -- Having received stick from the National Green Tribunal a
few days ago over lack of proper facilities to treat and dispose of solid waste
in municipal areas in Telangana, the state government proposes to equip urban
local bodies with an efficient and sustainable waste management system for safe
collection, treatment and disposal facilities.

A majority of ULBs in Telangana do not have proper treatment and disposal
facility in dealing with municipal solid waste (MSW).

The ULBs in Telangana, excluding GHMC, generate 2,600 to 2,800 tonnes of solid
waste a day. While the volume of waste is growing at a rate of 5 pc every year,
the collection efficiency is just 70 to 80 per cent.

The proposed initiatives will focus on components that include strengthening of
infrastructure for 100 per cent door-to-door collection, segregation and safe
transportation of waste, revival of the defunct and upgrade of the existing
processing plants, and setting up new facilities (composting, RDF etc), both
stand-alone and cluster-based.

The department of municipal administration and urban development has submitted a
detailed report to NGT on ULBs that will deal with MSW and setting of MSW plants
backed by power generation or otherwise. The processing and disposal of waste
will be taken up in public-private partnership.

The government plans to spend Rs 325.42 crore on the programme. Of that, Rs
65.08 crore will come under Swachh Bharat Mission (20 pc grant/viability gap
fund), Rs 65.08 crore from the state budget as a matching grant, and Rs 130.16
crore under the 14th Finance Commission.

The ULBs will adopt both PPP and non-PPP approaches with a mix of centralised
and decentralised solutions based on quantity of waste generation and
geographical locations considering economic variability.

Each ULB will prepare a City Sanitation Plan outlining the requirements for
short, medium and long-term strategies for solid waste management. Detailed
project reports will be prepared for each ULB for precise costing, choice of
technology and site for processing and disposal.

The state government will guide ULBs on drafting laws on levying user charges,
penalties for violators, and exploring revenue-earning options like sale of
waste and by-products, clean development mechanism, SWM cess, landfill tax or
processing fee for financial sustainability.

A regional municipal solid waste project will be set up in case of smaller ULBs
and integrated treatment and disposal plants in case of metropolitan areas. The
existing clusters will be reorganised more comprehensively.

The state government will designate a nodal agency as company or state-level
utility (which may be called State MSW Management Company Limited) for
identifying and enabling the development of regional municipal solid waste
projects. Each such project should have the capacity to treat 300 tonnes or more
of municipal solid waste per day.

A technical cell with experts will be set up to help ULBs identify sites for
establishing processing, treatment and landfill facilities, select PPP models,
suitable technologies, structuring and financing of projects.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Indian Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              298 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                        Laurel Leader-Call (Mississippi)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 7, 2010 Tuesday

MDEQ grant will help continue waste tire program

BYLINE: David Owens, Laurel Leader-Call, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 699 words


Dec. 07--LAUREL -- The Pine Belt Solid Waste Management Authority has received a
grant from the Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) to
continue its waste tire collection program.

The agency received $144,654 for the collection and disposal of waste tires from
small quantity generators in Jones, Covington and Perry Counties and the cities
of Laurel, Hattiesburg and Petal.

Executive director Ken Smith said the Pine Belt Solid Waste Management Authority
has participated in the program for a number of years, collecting and disposing
of 127,549 tires during the last budget year.

"These tires all go to recycling facilities," he said. "Of that 127,000, 34
percent (or over 43,000) of those tires came out of Laurel and Jones County."

Smith said the agency has 15 collection sites throughout the Pine Belt including
one in Laurel and one each in Jones County's four beats.

Those sites include the Laurel rubbish site, located off of Hillcrest Drive and
Airport Drive in Laurel; the Beat 1 maintenance barn on County Barn Road; the
Beat 2 maintenance barn on Soso-Big Creek Road; the Beat 3 maintenance barn on
Bogue Homa Lake Road and the Beat 4 maintenance barn on Highway 98 south of
Ellisville.

Smith said there are certain restrictions at those collection sites, including
tires or process tires that originate from a retail tire store.

"These sites are strictly for private citizens and homeowners that are not
engaged in the retail tire business," he said. "If they generate less than 25
tires a year, they can take it to one of these collection sites."

Smith said the agency is also allowed to recycle tires from local government
entities including schools districts, sheriff's departments and city and county
governments.

"The guidelines established by DEQ also allows us to accept them from small
businesses such as farmers, mechanic shops and delivery services that generate
less than 10 tires per week," he said. "If a county or city does a clean up of
an unauthorized or illegal dump, we can legally take those tires and dispose of
them as long as they're less than 500 tires."

Smith said that it must be determined whether the owner of a property where a
dump site is found is responsible for that dump. If they have no knowledge of
the site, the agency can then go in and clean up the waste tires.

"If there are more than 500 tires, we have to go back to DEQ, and they come in
and assess the situation," he said. "They'll fund it separately if they
determine it's an illegal dump."

Smith noted that retail tire stores are required to dispose of their own tires
and charge customers a disposal fee.

For instance, the owner of a 18-wheeler would be charged approximately $5 per
tire if putting on a new set of tires at a retail tire store. However, that same
owner would be allowed to dispose of those tires at the agency if he brought
them himself.

"We have a lot of trucks in the Pine Belt area, especially in the timber
business," Smith said. "That private citizen would also be able to dispose of
the tires on a pickup truck or automobile."

Smith said the MDEQ grant helps cover transportation costs to take the tires to
a recycling facility and get those tires processed.

In addition to the grant, Smith said the Pine Belt Solid Waste Management
Authority covers a number of in kind costs including inspecting tire dump sites,
applying for reimbursement and providing general education about the program.

The Pine Belt Solid Waste Management Authority board of directors meets on the
second Wednesday of each month at the administrative offices in Runnelstown.

Susan Vincent and John Christian represent the City of Laurel on the board,
while Charles Miller and Roy Boutwell are the Jones County representatives.

For more information on the Pine Belt Solid Waste Management Authority or the
waste tire collection program, call 601-545-6676.

To see more of the Laurel Leader-Call or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.leadercall.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Laurel Leader-Call, Miss.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101207-LH-MDEQ-grant
-will-help-continue-waste-tire-program-1207-20101207

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LH


                       Copyright 2010 Laurel Leader-Call


                              299 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                           January 29, 2011 Saturday

Brazil: New opportunities to improve working conditions of 5,000 waste pickers
-- $2.7 million grant from Japan to benefit informal recyclers in urban
landfills

LENGTH: 459  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Jan. 29 -- The World Bank and the GovernmentsLACwastepickers of Japan
and Brazil signed today a US$ 2.7 million grant from the Japan Social
Development Fund (JSDF) for the Waste Picker Inclusion Initiative, which will
benefit families who depend on the informal recycling of solid waste in urban
landfills in Brazil. The Initiative will begin at the Rio de Janeiro landfills
of Jardim Gramacho and Itaoca, and expand to other locations in Brazil to reach
approximately 5,000 people in its first phase. The informal recyclers of Jardim
Gramacho are featured in the recent Academy Award nominated documentary
"Wasteland." More than half of Brazilian cities have waste picker populations.

"This donation from the Government of Japan comes at a crucial moment, after the
sanction of Brazil's Solid Waste Management Policy, which will encourage
investment in the sector," said Makhtar Diop, World Bank Director for Brazil.
"The project will develop innovative strategies and improve the quality of life
of the people who now live and work in extremely hazardous social and health
conditions."

The Initiative, to be implemented by Brazil's second largest urban development
bank, the Caixa Economica Federal, was developed in direct consultation with
government, civil society, academia, as well as with informal recyclers and
their representatives.

The resources will support the development, through studies and the active
participation of the informal recyclers themselves, of action plans to improve
their working conditions and the incomes of their families, while helping ensure
the sustainability of their activities, and will aim to:

* improve health and safety conditions;

* increase productivity and incomes (though scale, new investments and technical

assistance);

* formalize their work;

* increase their access to credit and government services; and

* develop work alternatives through training, job placement and support to
cooperatives and MSEs.

The donation is coordinated with the Integrated Solid Waste Management and
Carbon Finance Project, which received a US$ 50 million World Bank loan last
November. The project aims to close six dumps by 2015, build modern sustainable
landfills, increase the amount of solid waste sent to environmentally
sustainable landfills by 4,000 tons per day, develop alternative facilities for
waste treatment, and blend Carbon Finance into these activities.

The World Bank supports various other activities in the solid waste sector in
Brazil, including Carbon Finance and knowledge exchanges with other countries.
Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              300 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                             May 23, 2015 Saturday

EBRD invests to improve solid waste management in Georgia

LENGTH: 234  words

DATELINE: London


The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) is extending a
sovereign loan of [#x20ac]7 million to Georgia to introduce a modern solid-waste
management system covering the collection and disposal of municipal solid waste
in its southern region of Kvemo Kartli. The EBRD financing will be complemented
by grant funding of [#x20ac]3 million from the Swedish International Development
Cooperation Agency (SIDA).



Five municipalities of Kvemo Kartli (Marneuli, Bolnisi, Dmanisi, Tetritskaro and
Tsalka) will not only receive a modern landfill, which will be compliant with
the corresponding European Union landfill design standards, but also acquire
specialised vehicles, containers and other equipment.

EBRD President Suma Chakrabarti said: "We know that solid waste management is a
key priority for Georgia. The Bank is happy to help address this issue through
the Kvemo Kartli project, which is a very good example of international
cooperation. We hope it sets an important industry pattern, which will be
replicated in other municipalities across the country."

Funds necessary for the project preparation, including the feasibility study,
were provided by SIDA. After the loan signing, SIDA will also provide funding
for project implementation support services, a corporate development programme,
stakeholder participation and a municipality support programme, as well as an
environmental impact assessment.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              301 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                            The Daily Star (Lebanon)

                            March 19, 2016 Saturday

Italy delivers 13 garbage trucks to Baalbek

LENGTH: 190 words


Italy's Ambassador Massimo Marotti Friday handed over to the Baalbek
Municipality 13 vehicles for the collection of solid waste at a ceremony in the
ancient city attended by local and international officials.

BAALBEK: Italy's Ambassador Massimo Marotti Friday handed over to the Baalbek
Municipality 13 vehicles for the collection of solid waste at a ceremony in the
ancient city attended by local and international officials. The vehicles,
financed by an Italian grant of 650,000 euros ($730,000), are part of a
development cooperation project named "Integrated solid waste management in
Baalbek."

The project foresees a set of initiatives aimed at improving the system for the
collection of solid urban waste, the temporary closure of Al-Kayal dumpsite, the
renovation of the local garage and the installation of thermal and electrical
co-generators at the biogas plant, built thanks to a grant from the European
Union.

The total grant for the project is 1.82 million euros.

Mayor of Baalbek Hamad Hassan, Industry Minister Hussein Hajj Hasan and Luca
Renda, country representative of the project's partner UNDP also participated in
the event.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 23


             Copyright 2016 The Daily Star - The Daily Star FZ LLC.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              302 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                        The Bemidji Pioneer (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 5, 2009 Wednesday

County solid waste program remains solid

BYLINE: Brad Swenson, The Bemidji Pioneer, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 711 words


Aug. 5--A year after John Magnuson sold the business, Beltrami County's solid
waste still flows west to Fosston and Polk County's incinerator.

"John Magnuson ran a very good place and good employees -- that makes my job
easier," Eric Brown, manager in Bemidji for Waste Management Inc., told Beltrami
County commissioners Tuesday.

Waste Management, a Twin Cities firm, bought Magnuson's operation about a year
ago. The operation transports county solid waste to Fosston, operating transfer
stations in Bemidji and several rural county areas.

The Bemidji site includes drop-off areas for recyclables, electronics, used oil,
demolition material and features a free trade area for people to deposit items
for others to use. All except demolition landfill materials are deposited free
to county residents.

County residents, in turn, pay a $116 annual service charge that is tacked onto
their property tax bills. Commercial accounts on charged based on a volume tier
system.

"Our big focus is safety," Brown said. "We've done a lot of things to protect
the employees and the public. We do comply will all OSHA regulations."

Safety equipment, such as yellow vests and steel-toed boots are supplied by the
company, he said.

"Our mission is to provide access to Beltrami County residents to an
environmentally/economically sound solid waste management program," said County
Environmental Services Director Bill Patnaude.

Total solid waste tonnage from Beltrami County decreased last year to 21,892
tons from 22,476 in 2007. Prior to that, 2004 was the last year the tonnage was
below 22,000 tons.

In the county's first year with Polk County as the county's destination for
solid waste, 1988, tonnage was 10,230 tons.

Tonnage actually going to the incinerator -- minus recyclables and special burns
-- hovers around 13,000 tons. The county is contracted with Polk County to
deliver 13,000 tons this year, but office manager Mike Albrecht said he doubted
the county would reach that level in 2009.

It sent 12,313 tons to the incinerator in 2008, while contracted to deliver
13,900 tons. Beltrami County is the largest user of five member counties, which
together sent 32,317 tons to the incinerator, down from 33,000 contracted with
the counties.

Beltrami County is contracted to deliver 13,100 tons in 2010, up to 13,500 tons
in 2014, when a new contract with Polk County will need to be negotiated.

"Has Polk County done anything to cut costs from its Cadillac operation?" asked
County Administrator Tony Murphy.

"The message has been sent that times are tough and they will have to watch
costs," said Patnaude. "Polk County is very diligent in applying for grants. We
do have a top-notch facility."

Frost wondered if the lower solid waste tonnage is a reflection of more
conservation efforts by residents "or are people pitching things in the woods."

Illegal disposal in the woods dropped significantly with the service fee,
Patnaude said, adding that the problem is no worse today.

Markets for recycled materials are also tough, a Waste Management official said.
While county residents can dispose of nearly all materials for free, the company
is losing money on selling recyclables.

"John picked a good time to retire," Brown said.

County commissioners, in another matter, decided to seek an independent
commercial appraiser for an appraisal of the old county fairgrounds behind
Target Store.

If the appraisal is good, Murphy said commissioners, with Bemidji City Council
members as the city has a stake also, could decide to outright sell the land or
lease it.

"We should explore leasing it before divesting from it," said Frost.

"It's better to sell it and build something, and get it on the tax rolls," said
Murphy.

If the appraisal isn't high enough, commissioners could decide to do nothing and
continue to hang onto the property, Murphy said.

bswenson@bemidjipioneer.com

To see more of The Bemidji Pioneer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.bemidjipioneer.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Bemidji Pioneer, Minn.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090805-JI-County-solid-waste-program-remains-solid-0805

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JI


                                 Copyright 2009


                              303 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                       Three Rivers Solid Waste Authority

                          227 Gateway Drive, Ste. 213
                                Aiken,  SC 29803
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (803) 652-2225
URL: www.trswa.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Three Rivers Solid Waste Authority (TRSWA) was established in 1992 as a
regional solid waste management agency to promote good environmental
stewardship, fiscal responsibility, local government problem solving and
regional cooperation. The Authority's mission is to supplement local government
solid waste management services to promote efficient and environmentally
responsible waste handling and disposal while not supplanting local control and
authority. The nine-county region consists of Aiken, Allendale, Bamberg,
Barnwell, Calhoun, Edgefield, McCormick, Orangeburg, and Saluda Counties.  Three
Rivers Solid Waste Authority was formed after the Lower Savannah Council of
Governments (LSCOG) performed a study to address the regional implications of
newly passed laws and regulations for solid waste management. The study,
initially envisioned to address the needs of the six LSCOG counties, was quickly
expanded to include three counties from the Upper Savannah Council of
Governments and the United States Department of Energy (US DOE)- Savannah River.
The region has benefited greatly through the Authority's development of regional
solid waste planning and coordinating construction of a "Subtitle D" landfill,
Landfill Gas to Energy Facility, establishment of a waste transportation
network, recycling grants administration, recycling efforts, and technology
development.  TRSWA also aids member counties with the submittal and
administration of solid waste and recycling grants that are a

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              304 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                             July 20, 2010 Tuesday

Iloilo City gets P2-million German grant to fund landfill feasibility study

BYLINE: Francis Allan L. Francisco

SECTION: Pg. S1/3

LENGTH: 174 words


ILOILO CITY - German state-owned development bank KfW Bankengruppe has provided
this city about P2 million in grant for a feasibility study on a proposed
sanitary landfill.

Helen G. Sotomil of the Iloilo City Solid Waste Management Board said the study
will cover the detailed engineering design for the landfill at the 23-hectare
Calajunan dump site in Mandurriao district. The landfill project is part of the
10-year Solid Waste Management Plan implemented by the city government starting
2003.

So far, three hectares of the Calajunan dump site have been cleared of garbage
and covered with soil to be developed into an ecological park. About 10 hectares
will be developed into a sanitary landfill.

Some P40 million will be included in the city's 2011 budget to fund its initial
development. A total of P200 million is needed for the project, which includes
treatment ponds, as well as plastic lining and covers for the pond, Ms. Sotomil
said.

About 170 metric tons of solid waste from the seven city districts are dumped in
the dump site each day.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2010 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              305 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            April 10, 2014 Thursday

Decentralized Composting of organic fraction of Municipal Solid Waste (MSW) in
Techiman Brong Ahafo Ghana

LENGTH: 572  words


Project Number: GHA/SGP/OP5/Y3/STAR/CH/07/24/024
Country: Ghana
Area Of Work: Chemicals
Operational Phase: Phase 5
Grant Amount: US$ 42,700.00
Co-Financing Cash: US$ 49,400.00
Start Date: 8/2013
End Date: 12/2014
Status: Currently under execution
Project Description: This project aims at developing local capacities in
community waste management to prevent waste burning and reduction and control of
POPs pesticide, focusing on POPs alternatives and organic models to control
pests. Recognizing the inadequate capacity at the community level to address
POPs, this project seeks to undertake capacity building and training by
encouraging people to segregate wastes, minimize WET waste away from the
landfill by composting, and popularizing green waste composting and organic
farming.


The overall objective of this project is to demonstrate the viability of
composting and sustainable Municipal Solid Waste (MSW) management. Specifically,
the project seeks to:
increase the knowledge about solid waste management and organic farming among
farmers;
raise local awareness on the value and opportunities of composting through
education in schools and public outreach;
set up a waste composting plant to convert wastes into good quality compost for
sustainable land management.
The above objectives will be met by developing a pilot project in composting and
related components with the technical and partial funding assistance from REEPL
from India.
Expected Project Outputs
The project outputs consist of:
Output 1: A demonstrative composting facility for processing waste into compost
for agricultural field and vegetable production and providing training to
different stakeholders established at Techiman.
Output 2: A community waste management and compost production enterprise
established and trained in the production and monitoring of compost facilities

Output 3 Income generation activities like segregation and sale of recycled
materials from mixed MSW, marketability of bio-fertilizer to farmers, promoted

Grantee: Abrono Organic Farming Project
Organisation Mission : For GEF SGP, the community-based approach is the
cornerstone for addressing local and global environmental and sustainable
development challenges. SGP provides grants to civil society organizations
(CSOs), notably national and local non-governmental organizations (NGOs),
community-based organizations (CBOs), and indigenous peoples organizations. SGP
grantees may also include other not-for-profit organizations such as
professional associations, unions and other civil society groups.

By enabling a direct connection between sustainable livelihoods and the
generation of local and global livelihoods, SGP empowers communities to act and
participate in their own development and hence ensures community ownership and
impact. Over the course of the last 20 years, SGP has provided grants to over
12,000 grantees with 64 percent of grants channeled to NGOs, 34 percent to CBOs,

Project completion date : 2014-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : SGP THE GEF SMALL GRANTS PROGRAMME

Address : P.O. Box 1423
Accra, Greater Accra, 233-302
Attn:  Mr. George Ortsin

Country :Ghana
Financier : Global Environment Facility (GEF),
United Nations Development Programme (UNDP),

Financier address : United Nations Development Programme
One United Nations Plaza
New York, NY 10017
Tel: +1 (212) 906-5000
Call: +1 (212) 963-1234
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2014 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              306 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            January 26, 2010 Tuesday

DK misses award for total sanitation compliant dist

BYLINE: Jaideep Shenoy

SECTION: MANGALORE

LENGTH: 458 words


MANGALORE: It is a proverbial slip between the cup and the lip for Dakshina
Kannada as far as earning the tag of the total sanitation campaign compliant
district in Karnataka. The district incidentally to its credit has the
distinction of ensuring that all the 203-gram panchayats in Dakshina Kannada
have made the norm to earn the Nirmal Gram Puraskar given by the Union ministry
of rural development in a phased manner since 2006-07.

While 49 gram panchayats from the district earned the puraskar in 2006-07, the
highest number from any district in the state that year, it went up to 131-gram
panchayats in 2007-08. The remaining 23-gram panchayats have made it to the
puraskar in 2008-09 and will receive it from governor H R Bhardwaj at a function
to be held at Raj Bhavan in Bangalore on January 28. This completes the roll of
honour at gram panchayat level.

ERRANT BLOCKS PLAY SPILSPORT

However, a focussed push towards ensuring that all the five blocks in the
district earn the block-level award, and by virtue of it the district-level
award has received a setback with two of the five blocks failing to make the cut
this year. The errant blocks include Sullia and Mangalore, while Puttur, Bantwal
and Belthangady blocks have passed the scrutiny of a central level evaluation
team that visited the blocks recently to verify award norms.

P Shivashankar, chief executive officer of Dakshina Kannada zilla panchayat told
TOI here on Sunday that the inability of the two blocks to pass master on solid
waste management front has cost the district the distinction of earning the
coveted award. "The evaluation team found certain deficiencies in the manner in
which solid waste was managed in some of the villages in the two above blocks,
and have asked us to rectify the same," he said.

Rs 80 LAKH GRANT INSUFFICIENT

The zilla panchayat has received a block grant of Rs 80 lakh from the Union
ministry to address the issue of solid waste management. "This amount is grossly
insufficient to meet the needs of all 203-gram panchayats," he said adding that,
"We would require at least Rs 2 crore and more for such an endeavour." In
addition, one has to factor the recurring cost of keeping any such system so
created going on for a longer duration, the CEO said.

Gram panchayats selected for NGP get an incentive of Rs 4 lakh, blocks Rs 20
lakh, and the district Rs 40 lakh. This amount, he said can in turn be mainly
used for improvement of solid waste management systems. "I have asked district
support unit of the campaign to study a small scale technological intervention
model of a Poona based firm to implement solid waste management systems in GPs
that is not cost intensive," he added.

jaideep.shenoy@timesgroup.com

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              307 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           October 14, 2006 Saturday
                                 State Edition

Development group gets solid waste funds

SECTION: Pg. C2

LENGTH: 133 words

DATELINE: CARIBOU


The Northern Maine Development Commission has received funding from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture Rural Development Solid Waste Management Grants
Program. The funding will be used to foster a broader understanding among
community members, students and solid waste professionals about waste management
programs, waste reduction and recycling strategies, and state and federal
regulations or laws relating to waste management.

The grant will fund the Littering and Illegal Dumping Campaign, the Regional
Household Hazardous Waste Planning Assistance program, and the Regional
Multi-Media program. These programs all serve to increase awareness in the
community of waste management and recycling options.

These programs are available to any community within NMDC's service area until
Sept. 30, 2007.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Bangor Daily News


                              308 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

Bolivia to promote Lake Titicaca cleanup with IDB assistance

LENGTH: 412  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Inter-American Development Bank has issued the following news
release:



  $86 million financing will help treat wastewater from 165,000 households



 The Inter-American Development Bank (IDB) has approved a total $86 million in
loans and grants to support wastewater treatment, solid waste management and
other actions in Bolivia's Katari River watershed in order to reduce pollution
in Lake Titicaca, into which the Katari empties its waters.





 The funds will support the implementation of a resilient, integral watershed
management model that will include wastewater treatment for 165,000 households,
connecting 5,000 homes to the sewer system, and providing solid-waste landfill
disposal services to another 10,000 homes.



 "The Titicaca basin has been suffering for years from the effects of climate
change and contamination from domestic, industrial and mining wastewater
discharges," said Omar Garzonio, IDB project team leader. "This project is a
first but very important step in the process of reverting this situation."



 Building, improving and enhancing wastewater treatment plants and sewer systems
will demand a $65 million investment over the project's five-year implementation
period.



 Another $7 million will be used to purchase landfill operation machinery and
vehicles and to finance the deployment of more than 500 solid waste collection
containers. The funds will also help build drainage systems and access cells for
the Copacabana and Tiahuanaco landfills; build three new landfills or equivalent
facilities; and close three existing dumpsites.



 An additional $9 million will be earmarked for management strengthening to help
cope with existing and anticipated climate change impacts, pollution source
identification, personnel training, and communications.



 The funding consists of several components:



 A $25 million loan from the Bank's ordinary capital for a 30-year term, with
six years of grace and a LIBOR-based interest rate; a soft $4.5 million loan
from the IDB's Fund for Special Operations for a 40-year term, with 40 years of
grace at 0.25 percent fix interest; and $47.3 million from the grant leverage
mechanism, from the IDB's ordinary capital; these resources, which total $77.3
million, will be complemented with a $8.4 million grant from the European Union,
taking the operation's grand total to $85.7 million.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              309 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

Bolivia to promote Lake Titicaca cleanup with IDB assistance

LENGTH: 412  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Inter-American Development Bank has issued the following news
release:



  $86 million financing will help treat wastewater from 165,000 households



 The Inter-American Development Bank (IDB) has approved a total $86 million in
loans and grants to support wastewater treatment, solid waste management and
other actions in Bolivia's Katari River watershed in order to reduce pollution
in Lake Titicaca, into which the Katari empties its waters.





 The funds will support the implementation of a resilient, integral watershed
management model that will include wastewater treatment for 165,000 households,
connecting 5,000 homes to the sewer system, and providing solid-waste landfill
disposal services to another 10,000 homes.



 "The Titicaca basin has been suffering for years from the effects of climate
change and contamination from domestic, industrial and mining wastewater
discharges," said Omar Garzonio, IDB project team leader. "This project is a
first but very important step in the process of reverting this situation."



 Building, improving and enhancing wastewater treatment plants and sewer systems
will demand a $65 million investment over the project's five-year implementation
period.



 Another $7 million will be used to purchase landfill operation machinery and
vehicles and to finance the deployment of more than 500 solid waste collection
containers. The funds will also help build drainage systems and access cells for
the Copacabana and Tiahuanaco landfills; build three new landfills or equivalent
facilities; and close three existing dumpsites.



 An additional $9 million will be earmarked for management strengthening to help
cope with existing and anticipated climate change impacts, pollution source
identification, personnel training, and communications.



 The funding consists of several components:



 A $25 million loan from the Bank's ordinary capital for a 30-year term, with
six years of grace and a LIBOR-based interest rate; a soft $4.5 million loan
from the IDB's Fund for Special Operations for a 40-year term, with 40 years of
grace at 0.25 percent fix interest; and $47.3 million from the grant leverage
mechanism, from the IDB's ordinary capital; these resources, which total $77.3
million, will be complemented with a $8.4 million grant from the European Union,
taking the operation's grand total to $85.7 million.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              310 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                           November 16, 2010 Tuesday

West Bank and Gaza Solid Waste Management Project

LENGTH: 1153  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Nov. 16 -- Drawing on World Bank Group Trust Fund financing and
expertise since 2001, the Palestinians were able to improve solid waste
management and environmental conditions in 80 communities in Jenin Governorate,
with a population of 200,000 people. They achieved this by establishing a new
sanitary landfill, closing and rehabilitating 85 dumpsites, and improving waste
collection services. Towards the end of the project, the new landfill was
expanded to serve all five governorates that comprise the northern West Bank
(population 600,000), providing for further cost saving and enhancing
public-private partnerships.

Challenge

As a cornerstone project of the Bank's 1997 strategy of institutional,
governance and sector-specific restructuring and reform, SWEMP helped place both
the environment and Jenin on the policy agenda. However, the SWEMP launch
coincided almost exactly with the beginning of the second Palestinian Intifada.
By November 2000, Israeli-Palestinian military hostilities had left some 1,500
Palestinians and 400 Israelis dead, and they had a major negative effect on
Palestine's economy, its social fabric, and institutions. They also had an
extremely negative impact on the implementation of SWEMP effort in Jenin, a
major battlefield. Still, SWEMP was able to overcome the major challenges
associated with political uncertainty and security by attracting international
consultants to design and supervise the construction, as well as international
contractors to build the new sanitary landfill. Moreover, SWEMP was able to
achieve serious reforms in municipal management of waste through joint
responsibilities under the umbrella of the new Joint Service Council. Finally,
SWEMP was able to create opportunities for dialogue on key environment issues
between the Palestinians and the Israelis, even under very difficult political
conditions.

Approach

SWEMP supported the Palestinian Authority's (PA) development plan by
establishing key infrastructure that in turn encouraged private investments
while delivering a cleaner environment to the Palestinian population.
Furthermore, the SWEMP task team helped foster Palestinian-Israeli cooperation
and an exchange of experiences towards designing and constructing a
first-of-its-kind sanitary landfill in the region. This approach was useful even
under the severe restrictions on movement in the West Bank. SWEMP was one of the
few projects that faced fewer restrictions, and construction material and
laborers were allowed easier access. The restriction actually presented
opportunities for creativeness, such as the replacement of one of the landfill
liner (60 centimeters of clay) with a two millimeter polyethylene layer. This
adjustment in design provided some 60,000 cubic meters of additional landfill
space. Moreover, the pilot recycling of plastic enabled the creation of a few
jobs for unemployed workers in neighboring communities, generating income to the
Jenin-Joint Service Council while reducing the total amount of land-filled
waste.

Results

A credit from the International Development Association (IDA), together with a
grant from the European Commission (EC) grant was able to achieve the following
results:

* About 600,000 people living in the northern West Bank are now enjoying safe
disposal of their municipal waste at the new sanitary landfill, compared to
200,000 at appraisal;

* Yields from the landfill operation are not only able to pay back the IDA
credit, but are also generating sufficient surpluses to maintain and improve
service levels, replace equipment, and expand the landfill once the current
capacity is exhausted. Sustainability should also be further enhanced by the
expected private sector-led recycling operation.

* Some 85 uncontrolled dumpsites in Jenin and Tubas were closed and
rehabilitated, freeing up 1,200 dunums of rehabilitated land that are now open
for development. This also led to an increase in value of neighboring
properties; and.

* The expanded landfill service coverage also freed up scarce land in the
northerhnWest Bank that had been designated for at least two additional
landfills; one in Tulkarem and a second in Nablus.

Bank Contribution

The Bank is leading donors in this sector. IDA has contributed nearly 67 percent
or US$9.5 million toward the overall US$14 million SWEMP cost. During the same
period, the Bank administered a contribution of US$1.6 million toward solid
waste management in the northern West Bank. The success of the Bank's activities
led to an IDA grant of US$12 million toward a follow-on project in southern West
Bank. The Bank is considering financing a similar project in the Gaza Strip that
is currently under preparation. Other indirect support to solid waste management
has been through the urban sector and, in particular, municipal services support
projects.

Partners

There was a strong partnership among key development partners in West Bank Gaza
solid waste management sector. Periodic meetings led by the Ministry of Local
Government with the participation of the four most active donors (IDA, European
Commission, Germany, and Italy) helped coordinate and complement investments and
analytical work.

The IDA credit for SWEMP was complemented by a US$4.3million grant from the EC
and US$1.6m from Italy in seven Tulkarem communities. Current contributions
include US$20 million from Germany's KfW for middle West Bank solid waste
management projects and US$20 million from World Bank Group Trust Funds and the
EC for the southern West Bank projects. Coordinated support has helped
contribute to a satisfactory response to Palestinian needs and priorities.

Toward the Future

The PA solid waste management strategy adopted in July 2010 recognizes the
achievements in this sector in the northern West Bank, and it reflects the
lessons learned from this experience. It also adopts policies and measures to
ensure the sustainability of the outcome from the investments. This is
exemplified through a policy to encourage public-private partnerships, whether
in collection and disposal of waste or in turning waste into resources through
the development of recycling and compositing schemes. Similarly, it calls for a
revisit of waste collection fees to ensure that it is representative of the
costs borne by the service providers, which are primarily the municipalities.

Beneficiaries

About 600,000 Palestinians in the northern West Bank now enjoy safe disposal of
their municipal waste. One resident who was part of a documentary film prepared
for the project expressed his satisfaction with the initiative, noting that it
closed and rehabilitated a dumpsite near his house, leading to a better use of
the land and an increase in neighboring land values. Published by HT Syndication
with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to this
article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              311 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                          November 17, 2010 Wednesday

USA: West Bank and Gaza Solid Waste Management Project

LENGTH: 1153  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Nov. 17 -- Drawing on World Bank Group Trust Fund financing and
expertise since 2001, the Palestinians were able to improve solid waste
management and environmental conditions in 80 communities in Jenin Governorate,
with a population of 200,000 people. They achieved this by establishing a new
sanitary landfill, closing and rehabilitating 85 dumpsites, and improving waste
collection services. Towards the end of the project, the new landfill was
expanded to serve all five governorates that comprise the northern West Bank
(population 600,000), providing for further cost saving and enhancing
public-private partnerships.

Challenge

As a cornerstone project of the Bank's 1997 strategy of institutional,
governance and sector-specific restructuring and reform, SWEMP helped place both
the environment and Jenin on the policy agenda. However, the SWEMP launch
coincided almost exactly with the beginning of the second Palestinian Intifada.
By November 2000, Israeli-Palestinian military hostilities had left some 1,500
Palestinians and 400 Israelis dead, and they had a major negative effect on
Palestine's economy, its social fabric, and institutions. They also had an
extremely negative impact on the implementation of SWEMP effort in Jenin, a
major battlefield. Still, SWEMP was able to overcome the major challenges
associated with political uncertainty and security by attracting international
consultants to design and supervise the construction, as well as international
contractors to build the new sanitary landfill. Moreover, SWEMP was able to
achieve serious reforms in municipal management of waste through joint
responsibilities under the umbrella of the new Joint Service Council. Finally,
SWEMP was able to create opportunities for dialogue on key environment issues
between the Palestinians and the Israelis, even under very difficult political
conditions.

Approach

SWEMP supported the Palestinian Authority's (PA) development plan by
establishing key infrastructure that in turn encouraged private investments
while delivering a cleaner environment to the Palestinian population.
Furthermore, the SWEMP task team helped foster Palestinian-Israeli cooperation
and an exchange of experiences towards designing and constructing a
first-of-its-kind sanitary landfill in the region. This approach was useful even
under the severe restrictions on movement in the West Bank. SWEMP was one of the
few projects that faced fewer restrictions, and construction material and
laborers were allowed easier access. The restriction actually presented
opportunities for creativeness, such as the replacement of one of the landfill
liner (60 centimeters of clay) with a two millimeter polyethylene layer. This
adjustment in design provided some 60,000 cubic meters of additional landfill
space. Moreover, the pilot recycling of plastic enabled the creation of a few
jobs for unemployed workers in neighboring communities, generating income to the
Jenin-Joint Service Council while reducing the total amount of land-filled
waste.

Results

A credit from the International Development Association (IDA), together with a
grant from the European Commission (EC) grant was able to achieve the following
results:

* About 600,000 people living in the northern West Bank are now enjoying safe
disposal of their municipal waste at the new sanitary landfill, compared to
200,000 at appraisal;

* Yields from the landfill operation are not only able to pay back the IDA
credit, but are also generating sufficient surpluses to maintain and improve
service levels, replace equipment, and expand the landfill once the current
capacity is exhausted. Sustainability should also be further enhanced by the
expected private sector-led recycling operation.

* Some 85 uncontrolled dumpsites in Jenin and Tubas were closed and
rehabilitated, freeing up 1,200 dunums of rehabilitated land that are now open
for development. This also led to an increase in value of neighboring
properties; and.

* The expanded landfill service coverage also freed up scarce land in the
northerhnWest Bank that had been designated for at least two additional
landfills; one in Tulkarem and a second in Nablus.

Bank Contribution

The Bank is leading donors in this sector. IDA has contributed nearly 67 percent
or US$9.5 million toward the overall US$14 million SWEMP cost. During the same
period, the Bank administered a contribution of US$1.6 million toward solid
waste management in the northern West Bank. The success of the Bank's activities
led to an IDA grant of US$12 million toward a follow-on project in southern West
Bank. The Bank is considering financing a similar project in the Gaza Strip that
is currently under preparation. Other indirect support to solid waste management
has been through the urban sector and, in particular, municipal services support
projects.

Partners

There was a strong partnership among key development partners in West Bank Gaza
solid waste management sector. Periodic meetings led by the Ministry of Local
Government with the participation of the four most active donors (IDA, European
Commission, Germany, and Italy) helped coordinate and complement investments and
analytical work.

The IDA credit for SWEMP was complemented by a US$4.3million grant from the EC
and US$1.6m from Italy in seven Tulkarem communities. Current contributions
include US$20 million from Germany's KfW for middle West Bank solid waste
management projects and US$20 million from World Bank Group Trust Funds and the
EC for the southern West Bank projects. Coordinated support has helped
contribute to a satisfactory response to Palestinian needs and priorities.

Toward the Future

The PA solid waste management strategy adopted in July 2010 recognizes the
achievements in this sector in the northern West Bank, and it reflects the
lessons learned from this experience. It also adopts policies and measures to
ensure the sustainability of the outcome from the investments. This is
exemplified through a policy to encourage public-private partnerships, whether
in collection and disposal of waste or in turning waste into resources through
the development of recycling and compositing schemes. Similarly, it calls for a
revisit of waste collection fees to ensure that it is representative of the
costs borne by the service providers, which are primarily the municipalities.

Beneficiaries

About 600,000 Palestinians in the northern West Bank now enjoy safe disposal of
their municipal waste. One resident who was part of a documentary film prepared
for the project expressed his satisfaction with the initiative, noting that it
closed and rehabilitated a dumpsite near his house, leading to a better use of
the land and an increase in neighboring land values Published by HT Syndication
with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with respect to this
article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              312 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                               May 8, 2015 Friday

ASU receives recycling bin grant from Coca-Cola, Keep America Beautiful

LENGTH: 391  words

DATELINE: Tempe


Arizona State University has issued the following news release:

Arizona State University is the recipient of a 2015 recycling bin grant from the
national nonprofit Keep America Beautiful and the Coca-Cola Foundation.

More than 3,600 recycling bins are being distributed to 37 colleges and
universities as part of the Coca-Cola/Keep America Beautiful Recycling Bin Grant
Program. ASU will receive 75 bins.

"We will distribute the 23-gallon bins to the Thunderbird School of Global
Management to further our recycling program collections at the university's
newest location," said Alana Levine, ASU Recycling Program Manager.

Located a few miles west of the ASU West campus in Glendale, Arizona, the
Thunderbird School became a unit of the Arizona State University Knowledge
Enterprise at the end of 2014.

"Our recycling team is enthusiastic about placing the bins at the Thunderbird
School this summer and expanding our collections to more areas in an effort to
divert recyclables from the waste stream," Levine added.

As part of the grant terms, ASU Recycling team members will track the amount of
recycled items captured by the bins during the first year of use. The
collections information will be distributed in reports KAB sends to the
Coca-Cola Foundation.

According to Keep America Beautiful information, nearly 45,000 recycling bins -
including the 2015 grants - have been placed in the program nationwide since its
inception in 2007.

"We are grateful for the Keep America Beautiful, Coca-Cola recycling bins grant
that moves us closer to achieving the university's zero solid waste and climate
neutrality goals," Levine said.

ASU defines zero solid waste as a 90 percent reduction in landfill waste from
current business-as-usual status. Diversion and aversion are the methods ASU
takes to achieve zero waste. Waste is averted through reduced consumption and
diverted from the landfill through recycling, composting, and reusing or
repurposing.

To learn more about steps ASU is taking to reduce solid waste and achieve
climate neutrality, read the university's 2014 Sustainability Operations Annual
Review. For more information about the Coca-Cola/Keep America Beautiful
recycling bins grant program, read their recent press release.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              313 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   June 29, 1991, SATURDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

WASTE REGIONS AIM AT CREATIVE DISPOSAL

BYLINE: Tom Uhlenbrock Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 531 words


A uniform curbside recycling service for all St. Louis-area residents could
beone offshoot of a new system in which the state is divided into 19 solid waste
management regions.  The Department of Natural Resources set up the regions
after holding a series of public hearings. The boundaries were announced at news
conferences held around the state Friday.  In the metropolitan area, St. Louis,
St. Louis County and Jefferson County are lumped into Region L. St. Charles and
Franklin counties join Lincoln, Warren and Montgomery counties in Region I.
Missouri's new solid waste management law banning certain items from landfills
required the creation of the regions. County governments and local
municipalities within each region are encouraged to form a solid-waste district.
Each region has 18 months to come up with a plan to reduce its flow of solid
waste going into landfills.  ''The goal is a 40 percent reduction in the
generation of solid wastes by 1998,'' said Robert Eck, regional director of the
DNR's St. Louis office.  The theory behind the new regional setup is ''economies
of scale,'' Eck said. That is, one unified waste disposal system per region can
operate more effectively - and more cheaply - than several independent
operations.  ''Joining in the district effort possibly could reduce the cost of
solid-waste collection,'' Eck said.  About 40 commercial, industrial and
residential waste haulers serve the St.  Louis area, and some have no recycling
facilities.  ''We expect to see more uniform recycling efforts and possibly not
just in the common four - plastics, glass, newspaper and aluminum,'' Eck said.
''A district could develop a market to include metal cans, fiberboard and
several other recyclable objects currently going into landfills.  ''There are
some communities in the St. Louis area that still don't have recycling efforts.
With the district, the opportunity is there for a cooperative effort for
everybody to have the same thing.'' He said municipalities that already have
recycling or composting operations, such as University City, also can benefit by
cutting their own costs.  ''If they have purchased equipment to operate a
composting facility - and if they charge for material that comes in for
composting from other municipalities in their district - the cost of their
equipment will go down.'' While the law has no ''stick'' to force a community to
join in its region's waste reduction effort, it contains a lucrative ''carrot,''
Eck said.  Since last October, the state has been collecting at landfills a
''tonnage fee'' from waste haulers. Money from that fee will be used to finance
grants to regions that come up with innovative methods for reducing solid waste,
such as recycling programs.  Any county and any city with a population of more
than 500 that does not join in the regional effort must submit a solid-waste
management plan of its own by January 1995. Refusing to join in the district
makes that community ineligible for the grants, Eck said.  Eck said there is no
cap on how much a community could get to set up a recycling or composting
facility. He said ''ingenious'' methods of recycling would be rewarded.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Map; MAP....Post-Dispatch Map....Solid Waste Management Regional
Boundaries....Source: Mo. Dept. of Natural Resources.

                  Copyright 1991 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              314 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                  Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 14, 2013 Thursday

BRIEF: Lee County receives MDEQ solid waste grant

BYLINE: Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 145 words


Feb. 14--TUPELO --The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality has
awarded Lee County a solid waste assistance grant of $21,574 that will be used
by the county for a local solid waste enforcement officer.

Cities and counties may apply for the grants through the MDEQ for programs to
prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in hiring local solid waste
enforcement officers; for public education efforts on solid waste disposal and
recycling; and to establish programs for the collection of white goods, bulky
wastes and recyclables.

A Lee County spokesman said the grant is an annual event and is not for a new
position, but to support the current code enforcement officer.

___ (c)2013 the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) Visit the
Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) at www.nems360.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130214-TP-BRF-Lee-County-receives-MDEQ-solid-waste-grant-0214-20130214

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TP


               Copyright 2013 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal


                              315 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                            July 22, 2015, Wednesday

Solid waste officials get peek at plans for recycling center

BYLINE: Rusty Marks, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P6A

LENGTH: 409 words


Kanawha County solid waste officials have preliminary drawings of a new
recycling center to be built at Slack Street.

James Young, executive director of the Kanawha County Solid Waste Authority,
said he received the first drawing of the proposed facility this week. Architect
Mason Proudfoot, on loan from the county airport authority, presented drawings
for a bare-bones, 15,000-square-foot enclosed metal building with room for a
sort line, offices, a small conference room and restroom facilities.

"It's very simple, just to get us off the ground, Young said Tuesday. He said
the drawings include room to expand in the future.

Kanawha County has been without a functional recycling program since late last
year, when businessman George Hunyadi pulled out of a joint agreement to operate
the Slack Street recycling center, taking most of the center's equipment with
him. Solid waste officials have since torn down the shell of the former
recycling center, which was the home of an ancient brick power plant.

Slack Street has continued to accept recycling materials at large recycling bins
on site, but has been paying to take the materials to West Virginia Cashin
Recycling in Nitro.

Solid waste officials are counting on a low-interest loan from the West Virginia
Solid Waste Management Board to build the new recycling facility. Because the
Kanawha County Solid Waste Authority doesn't have any collateral to put up for a
loan, state solid waste officials will make the loan based on the value of the
facility once it's finished.

"That's what I need to do next, Young said. "Once the layout (of the building)
is finalized, we'll take it to a metal company to come up with a cost estimate
for it. That's what we'll use as the appraisal to get the loan.

Young also said the county solid waste authority just got a $10,500 grant from
the Solid Waste Management Board to help with day-to-day operating expenses at
Slack Street until the recycling program is back on its feet. Solid waste
officials had originally asked for $20,000.

Young had intended to share news of the grant and the drawings with the Solid
Waste Authority's governing board at a regular meeting Tuesday. That meeting was
canceled after Young had trouble lining up a quorum.

The next regular Solid Waste Authority board meeting is Aug. 18, but Young said
he may call an emergency meeting before that.

Reach Rusty Marks at rusty marks@wvgazette.com, 304-348-1215 or follow
@rusty_marks on Twitter.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Charleston Newspapers


                              316 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                              June 28, 2004 Monday

Tire disposal fee fails to live up to name

BYLINE: JUSTIN GEORGE

SECTION: CITRUS TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1083 words


Everyone who buys tires from Mike Hermanson, president of City Tire of
Inverness, pays the state government a $1 fee per tire, the same fee they would
pay at any tire store across Florida.

Customers think the fee goes toward tire recycling or finding an environmentally
safe way to dispose of them, Hermanson said. So does Hermanson, whose family has
owned the 40-year-old, Firestone-sponsored shop on U.S. 41 for 19 years.

But not all the money from the fee goes toward those purposes. Beginning
Thursday, even less will.

The governor's office has cut funding for a $2.6-million waste tire grants
program, which had given Citrus County $13,000 this year to recycle tires and
dispose of illegal tire dumps.

Still, the $1 mandatory waste tire disposal fee, which is paid whenever
consumers buy a new tire or car, continues to generate about $19-million a year.

"Where is it going?" asked Hermanson, dressed in an auto mechanic's brown pants
and tan shirt with name patch. "I think it's a good idea if they find a solution
to tire disposal. But if they're taking that away - I don't think that's a good
purpose if it's not the environment.

"If they're going to charge a waste tire fee," Hermanson added, "why not keep it
for the tires?"

Citrus County Solid Waste Division director Susan Metcalfe agreed. At the
Central Landfill in Lecanto, three mountainous piles of tires collect in a
holding area, sorted by whether they have rusty rims. Oversized tires land in
another pile. Shredded, torn tires and mangled rims show the telltale sign of
accidents.

Citrus County collects about 1,200 tons of tires a year. They are some of the
19.5-million waste tires generated in Florida each year.

"We're actually prohibited from putting tires into the landfill," Metcalfe said,
because tires are known to buoyantly work their way up to the surface.

"Because the state says we can't put them in the landfill," she added, "we have
to do something with them."

The county funds a waste tire program, which operates on a budget of between
$80,000 and $100,000, funded by a tipping fee that people and companies pay when
they drop off tires at the landfill. The fee is $82.50 a ton.

But the program was also funded by what the county earned through a state waste
tire grant, which had been a strong source of income.

At one point in the mid 1990s, Metcalfe said, the county received as much as
$50,000 a year, until the state began siphoning away money.

With the grant, the county cleaned up illegal tire dumps, which pose a fire and
health danger since they are flammable and excellent mosquito breeding grounds.

The county also used the grant, as well as its own funds, to hire a contractor
who picks up all the used tires dropped off at the landfill. The company then
trucks them to the Ridge Generating Station power plant in Auburndale, where the
tires are safely burned for energy.

Now, Citrus will have to pay for these programs by itself - though tire buyers
in Citrus County will continue to pay the $1 fee. And everyone thinks they are
paying a tire "recycling fee," Metcalfe said. That bothers her.

"They're still collecting money from the citizens, but they're not giving us -
who are doing the service of getting these tires recycled - it," she said.

According to Bobby Adams, who is the administrator of the Solid Waste Management
Program of the state Department of Environmental Protection, the $1 "waste tire
fee" began in 1988. The money collected goes into a solid waste management trust
fund, which is dispersed by the state each year.

"It's never gone all for tire recycling," Adams said. "It's funded a variety of
grant programs over the years: solid waste, recycling and education, small
county solid waste grants, used oil grants at one time, litter prevention grants
at one time. All of that money was funded primarily by the waste tire fee."

But it also funded the waste tire grant program, which has given out more than
$100-million to Florida's 67 counties. Slowly, over the years, the grant program
has been whittled down until it was eliminated this year.

Thirty-four counties, with populations of less than 100,000, will still earn
small county grants from the fund. They will split $6.5-million this coming
fiscal year. But that money can be used for a variety of solid waste uses and
doesn't necessarily go toward recycling tires.

Another $50,000 from the fund was appropriated by the Legislature to clean up
"large tire piles" around the state, said Linda Frohock, a DEP spokeswoman.

But that's only a fraction of what the solid waste management trust fund earns,
and many wonder where all the money goes.

"I'm sure the customers would like to know as well as I," said Elmer Lewis,
owner of Countryside Tires and Auto Service in Inverness.

According to the House of Representatives Appropriations Committee, the
estimated $19-million the trust fund will earn next fiscal year will pay out
almost $4.2-million in DEP salaries; $600,000 for DEP expenses including
computers and desks; $880,000 for a Department of Health biomedical waste
disposal program; $200,000 for hazardous waste compliance education;
$2.1-million to the state Agriculture Department for mosquito control; $500,000
for University of Florida research; $1-million for Department of Transportation
litter prevention; and $100,000 for an Agriculture Department pesticide disposal
program.

The remainder was appropriated by the Legislature for solid waste grants,
including the money small counties will get this coming fiscal year.

The $2.6-million for county waste tire grants, however, was vetoed by Gov. Jeb
Bush, meaning that it will stay in the trust fund for another year.

Jacob DiPietre, Bush's spokesman, said the governor vetoed the program because
it showed up on next year's budget after the House and Senate signed off on
their versions. The governor, who had warned legislators that he would veto
anything that showed up later, stuck to his word.

"It was never in the House budget," DiPietre said. "It was never in the Senate's
budget, and it was never in the governor's budget."

The $1 fee people pay, however, is staying put, though little of it will ever go
toward tire recycling in Citrus County or elsewhere.

"They're still paying for it," Metcalfe said, "and we still have a problem."

- Justin George can be reached at (352) 860-7309 or jgeorge@sptimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2004 Times Publishing Company


                              317 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   March 30, 1993, TUESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

CITY SEEKS GRANT TO SPUR NEW RECYCLING

BYLINE: Marcia L. Koenig Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 424 words


St. Louis refuse officials are exploring new recycling programs to lighten the
loads in the city's trash trucks and conserve space in area landfills.

The city's refuse division has applied to the St. Louis-Jefferson Solid Waste
Management District for three grants worth a total of almost $ 300, 000 to test
several new programs in city neighborhoods.

One of those programs would establish eight to 12 neighborhood drop-off sites
for newspapers. The sites might expand later to accept other goods.

The two other proposals would make recycling easier for city residents and would
encourage waste reduction.

One would be a "blue bag" program to allow residents to place all recyclable
goods - cans, glass and plastic - together in special plastic bags.  The bags
would be placed in yard-waste Dumpsters and picked up by the city.

The other program would have three facets. It would emphasize waste reduction
through:

Education on composting at home, buying in bulk and buying items in reduced
packaging.

An incentive program that would pay neighborhoods to reduce their trash
collections to once a week from twice a week.

Individual push carts that would be assigned to each family. These would replace
large alley Dumpsters that are shared by several neighbors.

Elena Irwin, spokeswoman for the refuse department, said the push carts would
attempt "to create more accountability with household trash." She said the alley
Dumpsters are so large that people tend to ignore how much trash they are
discarding.

As for the neighborhoods that would cut their trash pickups to once weekly,
their neighborhood associations would get a cash reward based on the savings to
the city.

All of the proposed programs are part of the city's effort to meet the state
mandate of reducing waste by 40 percent by 1998. Irwin said the city's program
of separating yard-waste from other trash has reduced trash collection by 11
percent, or 24,000 tons a year.

The city's three grant proposals would finance the test programs for six months.

If the grants are approved, the new programs would start in June, Irwin said.
The money for the grants comes from a tipping fee the state charges trash
haulers to dump their loaded trucks at landfills.

The executive board for the St. Louis-Jefferson Solid Waste Management District
is expected to decide by mid-April which grant applications from St.  Louis and
St. Louis and Jefferson counties to finance. The state Department of Natural
Resources will have the final say.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              318 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                January 1, 1996, Monday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

COUNCIL APPROVES PROPOSAL THAT AIMS TO REDUCE GARBAGE

SECTION: ZONE NORTH; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 113 words


St. Louis County has become eligible for grants from the St. Louis-Jefferson
Solid Waste Management District by adopting the district's waste-management
plan. The County Council's action also complies with a 1990 state law.

The plan commits participants in the plan to:

Ensure that residents have access to collection of recyclable materials.

Ensure that residents have access to yard-waste collection.

Provide programs promoting waste reduction and recycling.

The plan is part of a state effort to reduce by 40 percent the waste that is
dumped in landfills. Jefferson County, St. Louis and numerous municipalities
within the district have adopted the plan.

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 1996

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1996 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              319 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                 The Times Leader (Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             June 2, 2016 Thursday

Registration necessary for county tire recycling events

BYLINE: Melanie Mizenko, The Times Leader, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 371 words


June 02--Since 2002, Luzerne County residents have recycled close to 222,600
tires though the county's solid waste management tire recycling collections. The
next two Saturdays will add to the total.

The county will accept tires during its 2016 tire Recycling collection dates --
8 a.m. to 2 p.m. June 4 at Drums Elementary Middle School, 85 S. Old Turnpike
Road, Drums; and 8a.m. to 2 p.m. June 11 at the Hanover Junior/Senior High
School, Sans Souci Parkway, Hanover Township.

Though the collection is free, residents must register with the Solid Waste
Management office -- 1-800-821-7654 -- to get a pre-registration number.

"We're fortunate enough to offer the program (free) to residents," said Luzerne
County recycling coordinator Beth Denardi.

A grant, which reimburses the solid waste management office up to 50 percent,
helps defray the cost to the county. Denardi said the office puts the money up
front, keeps receipts and submits receipts and grants to the state.

Registration is essential because Denardi can alert Mahantango Enterprises, of
Liverpool, PA, the recycling vendor for the event. If the vendor knows how many
tires to expect, it can provide the correct number of trucks.

"(We can get residents) in and out fairly quickly," Denardi said. "Keep the
traffic flowing."

According to Denardi, the solid waste management department decided to hold four
tire collections this year -- two in the summer, two in the fall -- because the
electronic recycling program has been suspended.

"People wait for it," Denardi said, noting she is expecting upward of 800 cars
at each site. For Denardi, one tire collected is one more tire out of the woods.

"(Recycling them is safer) with diseases and stagnant water (in old tires)" she
said.

Rules for the collection are:

--a 15 tire limit per registered vehicle

--tires must be removed from rims

--tires must not be full of water or excessively dirty

The last day to register a vehicle is June 3 for the Drums location and June 10
for the Hanover Area collection.

Reach Melanie Mizenko at 570-991-6116 or on Twitter @TL_MMizenko

___ (c)2016 The Times Leader (Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) Visit The Times Leader
(Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) at www.timesleader.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160602-WB-Registration-necessary-for-county-tire-recycling-events-20160602

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WB


                        Copyright 2016 The Times Leader


                              320 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                          February 26, 2014 Wednesday

Management and recycling of solid waste largest grass-Acopaz project

LENGTH: 609  words


Project Number: HND/SGP/OP5/STAR/IW/13/04
Country: Honduras
Area Of Work: Climate Change Mitigation
Operational Phase: Phase 5
Grant Amount: US$ 30,000.00
Start Date: 10/2013
End Date: 11/2014
Status: Currently under execution
Project Description: The " MANAGEMENT AND RECYCLING OF SOLID WASTE OF GRASS BIG
ACOPAZ " project will take place in the community of El Zope , located on the
peninsula of Zacate Grande, Municipality of Amapala , the project will be
executed by the " Community Association of Fishermen community the Zope " ACOPAZ
, in coordination with NGOs and state institutions. This management and solid
waste collection in 10 communities of the Peninsula of Zacate Grande, this in
order to promote environmentally sustainable development in the area of
influence of the Project aims .


The project will be developed in three specific components: organizational
strengthening, this component seeks to raise awareness ACOPAZ Zacate Grande
population about the importance of proper management of solid waste . ACOPAZ
partners undertake training in the administrative issues , organizational
strengthening , use and maintenance of equipment, solid waste. These trainings
are meant to leave installed capacities that enable partners ACOPAZ be a self
sustainable organization and management of their own resources, to be active
participants in making decisions that benefit their business development.
In the second generation employment component association aims to generate
revenue through the collection of solid waste throughout the peninsula of Zacate
Grande, simultaneously tries to establish a network marketing thereof , in order
to generate resources that benefit the sustainability of the project and sustain
the needs of the families of the beneficiaries.
Due to the food shortage in the area and the economic crisis on the exploitation
of the Gulf of Fonseca, "The association of artisanal fishermen of Zope " set
out to plant five acres of corn to ensure food security , promising to share the
fruits of harvest to people in the community who are not in the group , as a
gesture of support for people who do not have access to these foods.
The third component Environmental Protection , the association will continue
contributing to the protection of ecosystems of the Gulf of Fonseca, above. With
support from the PPD program in recent years the organization reforested 20
hectares of mangrove and contributed with three cleaning beaches Zope Community
, having the commitment to conservation ACOPAZ concerned about the large amount
of debris buildup in the Gulf , which significantly affect the environment , due
to this situation and the lack of management of garbage collection in the
municipality of Amapala , for that reason as an organized group seeking to take
responsibility for establishing a network of solid waste collection and while
selecting this crap then transform it to the market, thereby generating
financial resources for the org

Project completion date : 2014-11-30 12:00:00
Major organization : SGP THE GEF SMALL GRANTS PROGRAMME

Address : House United Nations Avenue Republic of Panama
Tegucigalpa, Francisco Morazán, 976
Attn:  Mr. Hugo Galeano

Country :Honduras
Financier : Global Environment Facility (GEF),
United Nations Development Programme (UNDP),

Financier address : United Nations Development Programme
One United Nations Plaza
New York, NY 10017
Tel: +1 (212) 906-5000
Call: +1 (212) 963-1234

Contacts : GEF Secretariat
1818 H Street, NW, Mail Stop P4-400
Washington, DC 20433 USA
Tel: (202) 473-0508
Fax: (202) 522-3240/3245
Email: secretariat@thegef.org
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2014 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              321 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                            July 25, 2013, Thursday

Grant given for recycling information

BYLINE: MATT MURPHY, DAILY MAIL STAFF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P9A

LENGTH: 328 words


Kanawha County residents should start seeing more information about recycling
options after the Solid Waste Authority was awarded $14,800 in grant money for
educational materials and educational conference expenses.

Executive Director James Young said the biggest problem he has experienced since
taking the job is the lack of information available to average residents about
recycling.

Therefore, the bulk of the grant money the authority received will go to printed
materials like postcards that will be mailed to homes across the county. Each
postcard will have recycling locations and options specific to the municipality
or area where the postcard is mailed.

"We want to cover all different locations possible," he said.

In addition, the authority will create pamphlets, brochures and magnets, among
other materials, to distribute, all with the goal of informing residents about
how to recycle. Young said the campaign has the potential to reach 120,000
people.

"It's part of a comprehensive approach to get information in people's hands," he
said.

An effort to rebrand the authority also is underway. It includes a new website
and logo design and is planned to make finding recycling information simpler for
the general public.

The state Solid Waste Management Board administered the grant, and Kanawha's was
one of 31 recycling authorities across the state to receive funding.

The Putnam County Solid Waste Authority received $6,500 as part of the same
round of awards. Those funds are marked for "educational conference expenses,
advertising for county cleanup, e-cycling hauling fees and fork truck rental for
cleanups."

Boone County received $12,000 for tires and fuel; Jackson County received $6,000
for fuel and equipment maintenance; and Lincoln County received $12,800 for
transportation of recyclables, wages, educational brochures and insurance.

Contact writer Matt Murphy at Matt.Murphy@dailymail.com or 304-348-4817. Follow
him at www.twitter.com/DMCityCounty.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Charleston Newspapers


                              322 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       Chapel Hill Herald (Durham, N.C.)

                              July 27, 2014 Sunday

Blue recycling roll carts now fully in use

BYLINE: Blair L. Pollock, Solid Waste Planner Orange County Solid Waste
Management

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; A; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 828  words


Orange County has now distributed more than 18,000 of the new blue recycling
roll carts to all single-family households within the town limits of Carrboro,
Chapel Hill and Hillsborough and completed three full weeks of recycling using
the carts.

Recycling programs manager Eric Gerringer reminds cart users to have carts to
the curb by 7 a.m. on their collection day, to set them square to the curb with
the opening facing out toward the street (see arrows on cart lid for guidance),
keep them at least 3 feet from other objects, including trash carts and continue
to recycle the old blue bins, if not wanted, by placing them in the cart. The
old bins will be recycled into new bins or carts or some higher quality ones may
be reused in public recycling programs.

Gerringer notes that collection times may change a bit, but for almost all
users, except about 400 customers, the collection day remains the same. So if
your new cart is not collected at the same time during the day as the old bins
were, do not worry, it will be collected on your scheduled day.

The county anticipates that this conversion to carts will make it easier for
most people to bring material to the curb, create safer and more efficient
collection conditions and enable more recycling as has been true in almost every
other program that has converted from bins to carts. The total purchase price
for all carts totaled approximately $812,400 which will be financed for ten
years. The county received a total of $208,425 of grant money through the state
of North Carolina community recycling grants program which helped to defray some
of the costs.

***

This year's 35th annual Festival for the Eno held July 4-5 at West Point on the
Eno park again recycled or composted almost all incoming waste. This "mother of
all trash-free festivals" as it's been dubbed, has volunteers who help
festivalgoers rigorously sort trash into the categories of recyclable,
compostable or "true trash" at its staffed sorting stations.

All festival food vendors are required to adhere to the policy of serving food
and drink using only compostable or recyclable serving containers and utensils.
Orange County Solid Waste provides recycling collection, Brooks Contractor the
composting and festival volunteers do all the sorting down to recovering the
plastic bags used for ice. This year's statistics: Compost, 3,300 pounds;
recycling, 2,900 pounds; plastic bags, 32 pounds; subtotal, 6,232 pounds; trash,
197 pounds; total, 6.429 pounds; landfill diversion rate, 97 percent.

***

June marked a full year of the mattress recycling program in which Orange County
collected ore than 2,100 mattresses and box springs and sent 70 percent or 1,500
for recycling to Purpose Recycling in Greensboro. This program is the only
landfill-based mattress recycling program in North Carolina. (The city of
Greensboro has the first curbside mattress recycling collection program). The
program was awarded a small grant from the North Carolina Community Solid Waste
Reduction Grant program that funded 80 percent of the cost of a protective wall
around a shelter at the landfill helping keep the mattresses dry between
collections.

***

OC Solid Waste management is looking for volunteers for move-in recycling
outreach Aug. 13-15. This is our fourth year going door-to-door talking with new
and returning UNC Chapel Hill students about proper recycling, in particular
cardboard box management. This year we will also be making sure they have a new
blue cart at their household and they know how to use it to its fullest.
Volunteers must be 16 years of age or older, and be able to commit to a
three-hour time slot. Contact Muriel Williman muriel@orangecountync.gov to sign
up.

***

UNC-Chapel Hill is on track to surpass last year's recycling rate! The final
recycling rate for 2012-2013 was 43 percent. As of May 2014, UNC's overall year
to date campus recycling rate reached 46 percent, up from 42 percent at this
time last year. So far in this year, there has been a 19 percent increase in
recycling tonnage compared to last year. At the same time, UNC decreased trash
generation by 2 percent. Later this year the UNC Office of Waste Reduction and
Recycling's complete recycling trend report for 2013-2014 will be published
online at www.wastereduction.unc.edu.

***

We welcome to the county's commercial food waste collection program Glass Half
Full, Neals' Deli and Tylers Tap Room in Carrboro, marking the first three
restaurants in Carrboro to join the program. There are now 35 stops from which
Brooks Contractor collects about 1,500 tons a year of compostable waste that
they truck to its facility in Goldston to convert to high-quality soil
amendments sold to farmers, gardeners, homeowners, landscapers and golf courses
throughout the state.

***

Our favorite creative reuse center of the Triangle, The Scrap Exchange, will be
closed Aug. 11-15 to relocate. It will open again Aug. 16 at its permanent home
at 2050 Chapel Hill Road in Durham.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              323 of 995 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                            April 10, 2013 Wednesday

Waste Authority Gets Grant To Help Switch Trucks To Natural Gas

SECTION: B; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 316  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


The Lancaster County Solid Waste Management Authority has received a $174,048
state grant to help offset costs of replacing the authority's fleet of 14
diesel-powered trash-transfer trucks with ones that run on compressed natural
gas.

The authority will use its own funds to install new natural-gas fueling
infrastructure at its transfer station complex on Harrisburg Pike, which will be
used by the fleets it serves and the general public.

The authority is paying about $3.9 million to finance the project, which will
cost slightly more than $4 million. The state Department of Environmental
Protection's grant is through clean diesel grant funds, which come out of a
September 2012 award from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency under the
Diesel Emission Reduction Act.

"Clean diesel grants improve air quality by funding projects that reduce diesel
emissions," DEP Secretary Mike Krancer said. "This project will displace 140,000
gallons of diesel fuel per year, reducing annual carbon dioxide emissions by
more than five million pounds."

In addition to the diesel fuel and carbon dioxide reductions, LCSWMA anticipates
the new CNG fleet annually will reduce 173,508 pounds of nitrogen oxides, 39,352
pounds of particulate matter, 27,431 pounds of volatile organic compounds and
1,198 pounds of sulfur oxides.

The Pennsylvania clean diesel program's goal is to improve air quality by
decreasing emissions from diesel-powered motor vehicles. The program supports
projects that repower or retrofit fleet vehicles to curb emissions, purchase and
install idle-reduction technology or purchase clean alternative-fuel fleet
vehicles.

Ground-level ozone, a key component of smog, forms during warm weather when
pollution from vehicles, industry, homes and power plants "bakes" in the hot
sun, making it difficult for some people to breathe. Fine particulate matter is
a main cause of respiratory issues.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              324 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

               September 14, 1995, Thursday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

My View;
Recycling: Waste not, help wanted

BYLINE: Bill Sheehan

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. 17A

LENGTH: 569 words


Will 1996 be the year Georgia finally stops making garbage from used resources
and starts making jobs instead? Possibly, if a state Senate Waste Reduction
Study Committee gets ambitious - and if enough of us demand it.

Last year's bruising legislative fight over restricting the number of dumps in
southeast Atlanta may have set the stage for considering alternatives to putting
most of our discards in landfills. The Waste Reduction Study Committee was
created to consider drafting legislation to address this problem.

Sates investing in the development of recycling businesses are finding that
recycling not only protects the environment, it also creates jobs.

The California Integrated Waste Management Board estimates that increasing
recycling from 25 percent to 50 percent in that state will create 45,000 jobs.
Dumping the same amount in landfills employs only 500 people (not including
collection, which is required for both disposal and recycling). North Carolina's
efforts have added 2,600 jobs in the recycling sector.

In the absence of businesses to collect, process, remanufacture and sell
recyclables, these materials are mixed and buried. What a waste to spend $ 30
(exclusive of collection and transportation costs) to dump a ton of paper in a
landfill when paper mills pay $ 100 to $ 200 for the same material.

Building up recycling to decrease waste disposal will take a major investment.
Wisconsin has achieved a 50 percent recycling rate by spending $ 46 million per
year in grants to local governments and low- interest loans to recycling
enterprises. Arkansas, with a population one- third the size of Georgia's, gives
$ 2.25 million per year in recycling grants to local governments, funded by a $
2.50 surcharge on landfill disposal fees. These and many other states have tax
incentives promoting recycling business development.

And Georgia? Funding for recycling grants to local governments stands at $
50,000 in 1995. It was $ 300,000 in 1994 and zero before that. Some monies from
a Solid Waste Trust Fund, now in its second year, pay for state recycling and
reduction activities, but the vast majority is dedicated to cleaning up
abandoned scrap tire piles. We have no meaningful recycling tax incentives.

Some will argue that government shouldn't get involved in recycling, especially
when markets are strong. But the current success of recycling nationally is due
primarily to government initiatives and mandates - which in turn are the
consequences of two decades of grass-roots pressure.

State legislation is needed to increase recycling business development, state
government use of recycled products and the supply of recovered materials for
which there are waiting markets. Requiring unit- based disposal pricing - a "pay
as you throw" system - for communities that do not reduce by other means also
would help Georgia recycle more. Funding these activities with a landfill
surcharge would discourage waste of valuable resources.

Developing the full economic potential of recycling will take a new level of
funding, effort and initiative. To do less is to waste jobs and preserve an
unsustainable economy. Our legislators should be encouraged to take a
fundamental look at helping Georgia become a leader, not a holdout, in turning
waste into jobs.

Bill Sheehan, a recycling consultant in Athens and Snellville, is a member of
the Georgia Sierra Club.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart: Speak out
These are the members of the state Senate Waste Reduction Committee:
Donzella James (D-College Park),
chairwoman: 656-0049
Ed Boshears (R-Brunswick): 656-0082
Rooney Bowen (D-Cordele): 656-7580
Hugh Gillis (D-Soperton): 656-5080
George Hooks (D-Americus): 656-0065
Johnny Isakson (R-Marietta): 656-5085
Walter Ray (D-Douglas): 656-5034
David Scott (D-Atlanta): 656-0090

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              325 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                        Crossville Chronicle (Tennessee)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 15, 2014 Tuesday

Bids OK'd for used oil collection program

BYLINE: Gary Nelson, Crossville Chronicle, Tenn.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 655 words


April 15--CROSSVILLE -- Several bids were approved recently by the Cumberland
County Financial Management Committee for the purchase and installation of
equipment for a used oil collecting program from an oil grant awarded by the
state for the county's solid waste and recycling department.

The grant total that was approved by the state and awarded to Cumberland County
Recycling Center for the collection of waste oil was $113,300.

Mike Harvel, 7th District commissioner and assistant director of the Cumberland
County Solid Waste and Recycling Department, explained there will be used oil
collection sites constructed at the 17 convenience centers in the county.

There will also be three oil burners purchased, two for the solid waste and
recycling center and one for the county's maintenance garage, for burning the
oil.

The county financial management committee approved the following bids for the
program:

Two electric oil transfer pumps for the recycling center and one 12 volt pump
for a sanitation truck were approved with a low bid of $1,747 from J. Bisio
Enterprises of Cane Ridge, TN. It was unanimously approved on a motion by 2nd
District Commissioner Nancy Hyder. Hyder's motion was supported by 9th District
Commissioner Carmin Lynch.

A $20,850 bid was accepted and approved for three waste oil furnaces. The
furnaces will burn old, recycled oil and cost $6,200 each. Installation cost is
$750. Lynch made a motion to approve and accept the low bid from Energy Logic of
Antioch, TN. Johnny Presley, 3rd District commissioner, supported the motion and
it was unanimously approved.

A $5,547 low bid was approved for the purchase of three oil filter crushers from
the Gray Manufacturing Company of St. Joseph, MO. Hyder made a motion to approve
and it was supported by Lynch.

A $7,895 low bid for oil absorbency product pads and socks submitted by J. Bisio
Enterprises was approved after a motion came from Lynch. Hyder supported the
motion.

A $30,073 low bid from J. Bisio Enterprises was approved for the purchase of 17
oil tanks and spill pans for the convenience centers in the county. It was
approved after a motion was made by Hyder and supported by Lynch. Only one other
company submitted a bid and it was Energy Logic for $47,600.

A $26,198.36 bid submitted by Cox Excavating of Crossville for the purchase of
17 carports and concreted pads at 17 convenience center sites was approved after
a motion was made by Hyder. Hyder's motion was supported by Lynch.

A $21,844 bid for four 35-yard containers submitted by Bakers Waste Equipment of
Knoxville was approved after a motion was made by Lynch and supported by
Presley. Lynch also wanted to accept a bid of $4,575 for five 8-yard containers
submitted by Wastequip of Eagleville, TN.

Cumberland County Finance Director Nathan Brock and Harvel said the bids were
sent out as a package for both containers. Although Bakers was the cheapest for
the 35-yard containers, the company did not submit a bid for the 8-yard
containers.

Wastequip was the low bidder on the package with a $31,350 bid on the 35-yard
containers and a $4,575 bid on the 8-yard containers, for a total bid of
$35,925.

Lynch's motion was made on the contingency of being able to split the bids in
order to save the county roughly $4,000. If it was not acceptable, then the
motion is to go with Wastequip for both container bids.

Harvel abstained from voting on all of the bid awards.

In other areas, a low bid of $16,404.32 bid submitted by Mobile Fixture of
Lavergne, TN, was approved for the purchase and installation of a new heavy-duty
range, griddle range and two deep fryers for the kitchen at the Cumberland
County Jail.

The bid was accepted after a motion came from Lynch. Harvel supported the motion
and it was unanimously approved.

___ (c)2014 Crossville Chronicle (Crossville, Tenn.) Visit the Crossville
Chronicle (Crossville, Tenn.) at crossville-chronicle.com/ Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140415-XV-USED-OIL-20140415

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XV


                      Copyright 2014 Crossville Chronicle


                              326 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 29, 2017 Wednesday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals

LENGTH: 661  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Utilities Service
(RUS)



  Action



 Notice and request for comments.

 Summary



 In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the United States
Department of Agriculture's Rural Utilities Service (RUS) invites comments on
this information collection for which approval from the Office of Management and
Budget (OMB) will be requested.



 Dates



 Comments on this notice must be received by May 30, 2017.

 For Further Information Contact



 Thomas P. Dickson, Acting Director, Program Development and Regulatory
Analysis, Rural Utilities Service, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP 1522, Room
5164 South Building, Washington, DC 20250-1522. Telephone: (202) 690-4492.
Email: thomas.dickson@wdc.usda.gov

 Supplementary Information



 The Office of Management and Budget's (OMB) regulation (5 CFR part 1320)
implementing provisions of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (Pub. L. 104-13)
requires that interested members of the public and affected agencies have an
opportunity to comment on information collection and recordkeeping activities
(see 5 CFR 1320.8(d)). This notice identifies an information collection that RUS
is submitting to OMB for approval. Comments are invited on: (a) Whether the
proposed collection of information is necessary for the proper performance of
the functions of the agency, including whether the information will have
practical utility; (b) The accuracy of the agency's estimate of the burden of
the proposed collection of information including the validity of the methodology
and assumptions used; (c) Ways to enhance the quality, utility and clarity of
the information to be collected; and (d) Ways to minimize the burden of the
collection of information on those who are to respond, including through the use
of appropriate automated, electronic, mechanical, or other technological
collection techniques or other forms of information technology. Comments may be
sent to: Thomas P. Dickson, Acting Director, Program Development and Regulatory
Analysis, Rural Utilities Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, STOP 1522,
1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1522. Email:
thomas.dickson@wdc.usda.gov



 Title: Technical Assistance Programs.



 OMB Control Number: 0572-0112.



 Type of Request: Extension of a currently approved collection.



 Abstract: The Rural Utilities Service is authorized by section 306 of the
Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1926) to make loans to
public agencies, American Indian tribes, and nonprofit corporations to fund the
development of drinking water, wastewater, and solid waste disposal facilities
in rural areas with populations of up to 10,000 residents. Under the CONACT, 7
U.S.C. 1925(a), as amended, section 306(a)(14)(A) authorizes Technical
Assistance and Training grants, and 7 U.S.C. 1932(b), section 310B authorizes
Solid Waste Management grants. Grants are made for 100 percent of the cost of
assistance. The Technical Assistance and Training Grants and Solid Waste
Management Grants programs are administered through 7 CFR part 1775.



 Estimate of Burden: Public reporting for this collection of information is
estimated to average 3 hours per response.



 Respondents: Not-for-profit institutions.



 Estimated Number of Respondents: 142.



 Estimated Number of Responses per Respondent: 17.



 Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 6,250.



 Copies of this information collection can be obtained from Thomas P. Dickson,
Program Development and Regulatory Analysis, at (202) 690-4492. All responses to
this notice will be summarized and included in the request for OMB approval. All
comments will also become a matter of public record.

 Dated: March 16, 2017.

 Christopher McLean,

 Acting Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.

 [FR Doc. 2017-06026 Filed 3-27-17; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              327 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                          February 11, 2015 Wednesday

West Bank and Gaza: GZ-SOUTHERN WEST BANK SOLID WASTE MANAGEMENT

LENGTH: 350  words


Project ID: P105404
Region: Middle East and North Africa
Approval Date (as of board presentation): May 14, 2009
Closing Date: December 30, 2015
Commitment Amount: US$ 0.00  million
Total Project Cost: US$ 20.00  million
Borrower: PALESTINIAN AUTHORITY
Sectors:


Solid waste management92%
Sub-national government administration8%
The objective of the Southern West Bank Solid Waste Management Project for West
Bank and Gaza is to improve solid waste disposal services for the communities
and businesses of Palestinian municipalities and joint services councils in the
Bethlehem and Hebron governorates through provision of an efficient socially
acceptable and environmentally friendly mechanism. The project implementation is
progressing satisfactorily towards achieving the original Project Development
Objectives (PDO). As a result, the ratings of both the implementation progress
and the PDO are rated satisfactory. Similarly, the client~s compliance with
fiduciary and safeguards conditions are rated satisfactory. Commitment stands at
US$9.3 million (79 percent of grant proceeds) while disbursement as of July 31,
2012 is US$5.4 million (45 percent of grant proceeds). Two major works and
services contracts related to the construction of the sanitary landfill and
construction supervision, for US$8 million and US$0.33 million, respectively
were recently signed. The reallocation is necessary to ensure satisfactory and
timely implementation of the project activities. Specifically: a) to meet
contractual obligations related to the issuance of the construction permits for
the new landfill and associated access road; b) to finance incremental operating
expenditures that were underestimated during appraisal.
Project completion date : 2015-12-30 12:00:00
Major organization : SOUTHERN WEST BANK JSC FOR HEBRON AND BETHLEHEM

Address : West Bank and Gaza

Country :Palestinian Territory, Occupied
Financier : World Bank (WB)

Financier address : World Bank (WB)
1818 H Street, NW
Washington, DC 20433
USA.
Phone: (202) 473-1000
Fax: (202) 477-6391
http://www.worldbank.org /
Attn: Ibrahim Khalil Dajani

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              328 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              WALL STREET JOURNAL

                            April 14, 1992, Tuesday

CHAMBERS AGAIN WILL LOWER '91 PROFIT, PLANS TO DISCUSS OUTSIDE AUDITING FIRM

BYLINE: BY GABRIELLA STERN

SECTION: Section A; Page 6, Column 1

LENGTH: 50 words


Chambers Development Co, in another blow to its shattered finances, says it will
again lower 1991 net income to a figure less than its restated three cents a
share; also says it is dismissing its outside accounting firm, Grant Thornton,
and has fired its chief financial officer Richard A Knight (M)

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  WSJ

              Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                              329 of 995 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                              May 17, 2013 Friday

Waste Authority Gets Pa. Grant To Convert Fleet To Natural Gas

BYLINE: Tim Mekeel

SECTION: B; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 233  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Business Editor

tmekeel@lnpnews.com

Lancaster County Solid Waste Management Authority has received a $350,000 state
grant to help fund switching its fleet to natural-gas power.

The grant, announced Thursday, will help pay for 14 new trash-transfer trucks
fueled by compressed natural gas.

These trucks, which pull trailers filled with 80,000 pounds of trash, will
replace 14 diesel-engine trucks.

The funding was authorized by Act 13, best known as the law that spells out
oversight of natural gas drilling in the state's Marcellus Shale region.

LCSWMA was among 18 recipients of $6.7 million in Act 13 funding statewide. Some
49 applicants had sought nearly $13 million in grants.

In April, the authority received a $174,048 state grant toward the fuel-switch
endeavor.

Those dollars came from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency through the
U.S. Diesel Emission Reduction Act.

In a related move, LCSWMA also is installing a natural-gas fueling station at
its transfer station complex on Harrisburg Pike.

The station will be used by its fleet, the authority's customers and select
groups including businesses and government organizations.

The total cost of the new vehicles and fueling station is estimated to be $4
million.

The 14 new trucks will cost $1.5 million; the fueling station will cost $2.5
million, an authority spokeswoman said.

The project is expected to be completed this October or November.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              330 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                              Early Times (India)

                             January 4, 2016 Monday

MC Bandipora dumps Rs 82 lakhs along with garbage in Wullar

LENGTH: 513 words

DATELINE: Bandipora


Bandipora, Jan. 4 -- Allocated a whopping Rs 82 lakhs to develop mechanism for
solid waste management to check dumping of garbage in Wullar lake, the Municipal
committee Bandipora has done nothing as wullar continues to be town's garbage
yard.

Few years back the Municipal Committee (MC) Bandipora received a grant of around
Rs 82 lakhs from Wullar Conservation and Management Authority (WUCMA) for
strengthening and developing the infrastructure for scientific disposal of
municipal solid waste so as to prevent any sort of pollution within and along
the banks of Wular Lake. Inspite of a huge grant the Muncipal Committee (MC)
Bandipora continues to dump all the garbage in the local water bodies and the
irony is that this dumping mostly takes place in famous Wullar lake.

Recently the Wullar Conservation and Management Authority (WUCMA) Chief
Executive Director (CED) shot a letter to Director Local Bodies Kashmir and
showed his serious concern about the activities of MC Bandipora. The letter shot
by CED to Director Local Bodies Kashmir a copy of which lies with Early Times
reads as : "During 2013-14 and 2014-15 the authority has provided a financial
assistance of Rs 39 Lakhs and Rs. 42.90 Lakhs respectively to MC Bandipora
through DC Bandipora for strengthening and developing the required
infrastructure for scientific disposal of municipal solid waste (M&H Rules 2000)
so as to prevent any sort of pollution within and along the banks of Wullar Lake
under 13th FCA. The concern civic body has not taken necessary measures which
are mandatory under environment protection act and rules framed therein as cited
above to ensure scientific disposal of municipal solid waste around the banks of
Wular Lake." "We are thankful to Mian Javid Hussain the newly posted Chief
Executive Director (CED) of WUCMA for showing keen interest in saving Wullar
lake. We hope Director local Bodies Kashmir will take action against the
officials of MC Bandipora " said Abdul Majid Mir a local resident of Bandipora.

Pertinent to mention that in clear violation of Environment Protection Act, the
Bandipora Municipal Committee has been dumping garbage and solid waste including
polythene in an open area near Nusoo village located in the outskirts of town.
The illegal dumping site according to local residents has not only affected the
Wular Lake but has badly deteriorated the health of residents living around this
lake.

"The Bandipora MC collects about 50 to 60 tons of waste daily from 17 wards of
the town, hospitals and nursing homes. This waste includes biomedical waste as
well and dumping biomedical waste material in Wullar is a matter of serious
concern. If Rs 80 lakhs has been given to MC Bandipora for upgrading its
services where has this money been spend , the locals wasn't answer from
Executive Officer of the Muncipal Committee Bandipora" said Dr Mushtaq Khan RTI
Activist.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Early Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Early Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              331 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                           December 10, 2011 Saturday

Armenia: Kotayk Solid Waste Management Project

LENGTH: 501  words


Project number: 39603
Project Status: Passed concept review, Pending final review
Project Description: The EBRD is considering providing a   3.5 million sovereign
loan to the Republic of Armenia for the construction of the first EU compliant
regional landfill and relevant infrastructure in the country.


The landfill will be located in Hrazdan, capital town of Kotayk distrcit in the
central part of Armenia, and will be used by eight municipalities in the nearby
region - Hrazdan, Abovian, Charentsavan, Yeghvard, Nor Hachn, Tsakhadzor,
Byureghavan and Sevan (Participating Municipalities).
The project will require the tendering out of waste collection to the private
sector and the creation of a fully commercial solid waste management company
(the   Company  ).
The project will also include the aquisition of vehicles, bins and equipment for
waste management.
Transition Impact: Framework for markets:    The Participating Municipalities
will be charged a full cost recovery tipping fee as part of the project
structure within two years of the landfill becoming operational. In addition,
public service contracts defining the responsibilities of the Company and the
Participating Municipalities will be developed.
Institutional building: Technical co-operation services will be provided to
assist participating municipalities in establishing a commercially driven solid
waste company. Subsequent capacity building will be provided to implement
efficient operations in accordance with a business plan, and in accordance with
EU directives on solid waste.
Private sector participation: Private participation in the collection of waste
will be developed through the tendering of collection services.
Demonstration effect of new processes: The Project will put in place the first
sanitary landfill in Armenia to be built and operated in accordance with
applicable EU Directives. Besides physical technology, the Project will also
help develop better public awareness of the benefits of anti-littering and
recycling through public promotion campaigns and incentives. This would be the
first commercially driven approach in Armenia, with significant demonstration
effects to other cities and solid waste companies.
The Client: Sovereign loan to the Republic of Armenia with on-lending to the
Participating Municipalities, which will establish and own the company for solid
waste management to operate the landfill.
EBRD Finance:   3.5 million sovereign loan, which will be on-lent to the
Participating Municipalities. In addition, the European Union Neighbourhood
Investment Facility (  NIF  ) has approved a grant in the amount of   3.5
million to provide co-financing for the Project.

Project Cost: The project cost is US $ 10.791204 million (  8.07 million),
including post signing technical cooperation.
Environmental Impact: The Project is expected to provide significant
environmental and social benefits for the Kotayk Region and Sevan municipality
by introducing a

country :Armenia
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2011 Tenders Info
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              332 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 23, 2016 Monday

Texas: Comprehensive Solid Waste Management Plan on track for City Council
presentation this summer

LENGTH: 384 words

DATELINE: New York



 Austin: City of Fort Worth, The State of Texas has issued the following news
release:



   With two-thirds of the city's new 2015-2035 Comprehensive Solid Waste
Management Plan (CSWMP) complete, a City Council presentation for the draft plan
is scheduled for Aug. 2.





 Work on the plan -- one of the largest green initiatives the undertaken in Fort
Worth - began in August 2014. With the planning nearing its public debut, here's
recap of what's happened since November 2015 update and a preview of what's
next.

 Public Meetings



 Since the last update, eight one-on-one meetings with local solid waste
industry members were conducted, and 32 interviews with influential city leaders
took place - 20 more than originally planned. The meetings included city
management and City Council; all chambers of commerce; local businesses;
educational and professional organizations.

 Disaster Debris Management Plan



 During the last six months, the city has also prepared a Disaster Debris
Management Plan (DDMP) - a integral part of the CSWMP.



 One of the critical services the city provides to its residents is the
management of debris generated during a disaster - be it natural or man-made.
The DDMP establishes the protocols to be observed in responding to a disaster,
identifying the roles and responsibilities of the various city departments and
outside agencies. The city is currently wrapping up enhancements to the DDMP,
which were funded by a grant from the Department of Homeland Security.

 Next Steps



 Following the City Council presentation, both the draft CSWMP and final DDMP
will be made available to all residents of Fort Worth for public review. The
third and final public open house is scheduled to take place in September,
providing the public and local businesses with an overview of the key
recommendations of the plan and an opportunity to give direct feedback.



 The comments and input received during creation of the plan is being compiled,
reviewed and will be considered for inclusion in the Comprehensive Solid Waste
Management Plan in its final version.



 The Comprehensive Solid Waste Management Plan is currently scheduled for
completion in late October or early November 2016.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              333 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                The Wayne County Outlook (Monticello, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 21, 2011 Tuesday

Wayne County receives grant funding to expand recycling program

BYLINE: Melodie Phelps, The Wayne County Outlook, Monticello, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 444 words


June 21--Wayne County Judge-Executive Greg Rankin and Solid Waste Coordinator
Tim Bell received excellent news earlier last week as Wayne County requested and
received a grant from the Kentucky Division of Waste Management for $84,133.52,
to expand the county's recycling program. The money will be used to purchase a
John Deere Skid Steer with accessories, a Max Pak baler, two Pro-Gravity recycle
trailers, one Pro-Tilt hydraulic dump trailer, two Pro-Mesh recycling trailers
and a pallet truck, all of which will support the county's growing recycling
program. "The recycling program has been a huge success and these new and
additional tools will allow for all citizens of Wayne County to recycle products
easier, at no extra cost to the county.

This program continues to grow and anything we can to do enhance our services,
at no cost to the taxpayer, is a win-win situation. I'm very proud of Tim Bell
and his staff for their efforts and I'm also pleased with the response we've
received from the people throughout our county. We were hoping to get a couple
of the items, but to get 100 percent funding, I think that shows the people at
the state level know we're making excellent progress in recycling," said Rankin.
The grant was a joint effort of both the Solid Waste Coordinator's office and
Community Development office. "We know money is tight and a concern statewide,
so to be able to get everything we requested, it's just great news for our
recycling center. This is just one of several projects that we are working on
and are very excited about the possibilities," said Com-munity Development
Specialist Shannon Hutchinson. The grant is just more good news for Bell, as the
Solid Waste Coordinator's office received over $30,000 earlier this year for
continued work with roadside litter clean-up projects. "We have made great
improvements within our recycling program in just a couple years and all of this
new equipment is much needed and will be put to good use. We continue to get
lots of good comments about our recycling efforts. If we all work together we'll
make a difference and a change in our environment, which is our goal," said
Bell. For questions or more details stop by the County Judge-Executive's office
located on the first floor of the Courthouse, or call (606) 348-4241.

To see more of The Wayne County Outlook or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.wcoutlook.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Wayne County Outlook,
Monticello, Ky. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110621-OZ-Wayne-County-receives-grant
-funding-to-expand-recycling-program-0621-20110621

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OZ


                    Copyright 2011 The Wayne County Outlook


                              334 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                             March 28, 2017 Tuesday

Puhovichi Solid Waste Project

LENGTH: 546  words


Country:Belarus
Business sector: Municipal and environmental infrastructure
Notice type: Public
Environmental category: B
Target board date: 05 Jul 2017
Status: Concept Reviewed
PSD disclosed: 27 Mar 2017
Project Description:


A  5 million sovereign loan to the Republic of Belarus for the construction of
the first EU regulations compliant regional landfill in the country and related
infrastructure.
The new landfill will be located in Druzhnyi, a village located some 45 km
outside the city of Minsk, and will service Puhovichi and Cherven Districts,
both within the Minsk region. The EBRD loan will be on-lent to a new regional
solid waste company that will be established to operate the new landfill as well
as waste collection systems for the two above mentioned districts.
It is envisaged that the project will be co-financed by a capital grant of  2
million provided by an international donor(s).
Project Objectives:
The proceeds of the loan and the grant will be used to finance the upgrade of a
solid waste management system in the Puhovichi and Cherven Districts through i)
the construction of an EU regulations compliant landfill, ii) a waste sorting
facility, and iii) vehicles and equipment for improvement of the waste
collection system.
The key benefits of the Project are better service and environmental standards
due to: (i) reduced landfilling, (ii) reliable waste collection and
transportation operations, (iii) lower CO2 and methane emissions.
In addition, the investment will be complemented by a TC package comprising
implementation support as well as corporate development support to the new
company.
Transition Impact: Good.
Demonstration effects:
Demonstration effects by introduction of new environmental standards beyond the
current local norms by promoting higher standards of physical technology in the
sector, increasing recycling and decreasing the amount of waste deposited at the
landfill.
Commercialisation through theestablishment of the first special purpose regional
solid waste management company. If successful, this would be the first
commercially oriented solid waste company in Belarus, with significant
demonstration effects to other Districts and Regions, creating a blueprint for
unbundling of municipal utilities and solid waste sector reform in Belarus.
Improved standards for corporate governance and business conduct through
increased transparency requirements, such as financial management (including
accounting and reporting to be produced in accordance with IFRS); international
tendering for the contracts; implementation of annual environmental, social,
health and safety reports.

Framework for markets through further development of tariff methodology to cover
operating costs, depreciation, debt service and capital expenditure, while
ensuring affordability for low income families.
EBRD Finance Summary:  5,000,000.00
A sovereign loan of to the Republic of Belar
Project completion date : 2019-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : REPUBLIC OF BELARUS

Country :Belarus
Url : http://www.belarus.by/

Financier:EUROPEANBANKFORRECONSTRUCTIONANDDEVELOPMENT(EBRD),

Financieraddress:EuropeanBankforReconstructionandDevelopment(EBRD)
OneExchangeSquare
LondonEC2A2JN
UnitedKingdom
Tel:02073386000
http://www.ebrd.com /

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2017 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              335 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily News of Newburyport (Massachusetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 23, 2012 Friday

Turning trash to cash

BYLINE: Dyke Hendrickson, The Daily News of Newburyport, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 553 words


March 23--NEWBURYPORT -- In an era when Newburyport is attempting to keep the
municipal budget under control, city officials are leaving no garbage container
unturned as they seek new revenue.

And a state grant of $21,400 to study ways to improve disposal and recycling
could help the effort.

Newburyport was recently awarded the grant from the Massachusetts Department of
Environmental Protection to explore different ways to work toward being a Zero
Waste community.

City residents interested in learning more about better ways to dispose of trash
and aggregate recyclable goods can attend information sessions at City Hall
tomorrow at 9 a.m. or Monday at 7 p.m.

"The city can cut down on the amount it spends for trash removal and increase
the cash we get for recycled materials," said Molly Ettenborough, recycling and
energy coordinator for the city.

"These sessions are designed to inform residents of the steps they can take to
improve the city's situation."

City officials say progress has been made in decreasing Newburyport's solid
waste through single-stream curbside recycling, but solid waste management is a
huge drain on the city's budget.

The city currently spends $1.1 million annually on solid waste and recycling
services, Ettenborough said.

About half of the cost is for curbside collection of trash and recyclables, and
the rest is spent on disposal.

The grant the city received will help city officials learn more. The study will
engage 50 households in a pilot program to document best practices for reducing
waste through recycling, composting, reuse and source reduction.

The goals of this project include:

Demonstrating the feasibility of reducing and potentially achieving "near zero
waste" for residential municipal solid waste in Newburyport.

Documenting best practices for maximizing diversion of waste at the household
level.

Creating an online resource to provide residents with information about
recycling, composting, source reduction, reuse and responsible disposal.

Demonstrating the financial, health and environmental benefits of a zero waste
program to model a citywide initiative and serve as a model for other
communities.

Individuals and families are invited to sign up to participate in the study.

Ettenborough said one of the steps toward zero waste is the elimination of
organic waste. To measure the effects and processes required to divert organic
wastes from the municipal waste stream, the city is launching a residential
pilot composting program.

The Environmental Protection Agency estimates that kitchen organics -- food
scraps and wastes -- make up more than 14 percent of municipal waste streams,
while other organizations and researchers believe that number to be much higher.

Eliminating 14 percent of Newburyport's municipal waste bill would save the city
more than $150,000 per year, city officials say.

During the information sessions tomorrow and Monday, residents will learn about
the different methods of composting, the cost and the details about how the
pilot program will work.

More information on the project can be obtained by contacting Ettenborough at
MEttenborough@CityofNewburyport.com

___ (c)2012 The Daily News of Newburyport (Newburyport, Mass.) Visit The Daily
News of Newburyport (Newburyport, Mass.) at www.newburyportnews.com Distributed
by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120323-ZN-Turning-trash-to-cash-0323-20120323

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZN


                  Copyright 2012 The Daily News of Newburyport


                              336 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             August 24, 2008 Sunday

Cowell Ranch receives state grant

BYLINE: By Paula King East County Times

SECTION: MY TOWN; Environment; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 578 words


While state archeologists continue to document and collect American Indian
artifacts from Brentwood's Cowell Ranch, a recent grant from the California
Integrated Waste Management Board will help remove trash and preserve antique
farm equipment from the former ranching operation.

The $35,000 allocation will allow the California Department of Parks and
Recreation to dispose of decades of accumulated trash left over from nearly a
century of ranching. The farm equipment will be saved for display at the
3,659-acre state historic park that is also home to the historic John Marsh
house. "Any historical stuff we find we will keep, record and use later. The
trash sits adjacent to Marsh Creek that has Native American burials in it,"
state park planner Steve Bachman said. "It is the only area that is full of
trash there."

In recent years, state archeologists have discovered bones from the Miwok burial
grounds on the property where John Marsh, Contra Costa County's original
settler, lived from 1837 to 1856.

"California Integrated Waste Management is always looking to go into areas and
clean them up," Bachman said. "We really like working with them. It is nice to
know that someone has funds to deal with cleanup of this type."

As the state's leader of recycling and waste reduction, California Integrated
Waste Management pays for the cleanup of sites where there is no responsible
party for the dumping. This grant came from the board's Solid Waste Disposal and
Codisposal Grant Program.

Meanwhile, other grant funds are moving along an emergency stabilization project
for the Marsh House where one of the building's four walls has already
collapsed. The funding is coming from the California Cultural and Historical
Endowment, the city of Brentwood and the developer of the Cowell Ranch
development.

"It is doing stabilization so the building doesn't continue to deteriorate,"
Brentwood Parks and Recreation Director Craig Bronzan said. "The purpose of the
grant is to stop the decay and stabilize the building."

Constructed in 1856, specialists say the stone house is in grave danger of
collapsing and stabilization work is set to begin in early 2009. The house is
somewhat protected by a temporary roof and interim stabilization support.

Emeryville's Siegel & Strain Architects will complete the design and
construction documents for stabilization, Bronzan said. He added that the city
is the fiscal agent with the state overseeing the overall project.

"It is now unsafe. We are moving along and with these grants, we have money to
at least stabilize it," state historian Marianne Hurley said. "It will be strong
and able to survive an earthquake and more deterioration."

With stabilization plans on the horizon, the John Marsh Historic Trust is
focused on restoration work.

"Brentwood now has a commissioned, significant state historic park of 3,659
acres in its backyard and the house is the symbolic center of the entire park,"
trust president Gene Metz said. "It will be the center of interest."

The California Cultural and Historical Endowment also awarded $200,000 to design
development of the house's rehabilitation and the trust matched those funds with
$100,000. According to Metz, there have been many delays to the project but it
is now progressing.

"It is an important building now that that whole section of Brentwood has been
growing and getting more visibility," Hurley said.

Paula King covers Brentwood. Reach her at 925-779-7189 or
pking@bayareanewsgroup.com .

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              337 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 25, 1992, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

COMPANY NEWS;
Chambers Named In 21 Lawsuits

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: Section 1; Page 37; Column 2; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 153 words

DATELINE: PITTSBURGH, April 24


The Chambers Development Company said 21 lawsuits were filed against it between
March 18 and April 20 charging securities law violations in connection with a
change in accounting practices that virtually eliminated its 1991 earnings. In a
Securities and Exchange Commission filing, Chambers also said Grant Thornton,
which it had dismissed as its independent auditors, had maintained Chambers
officials knew about questionable accounting practices, but had not informed
Grant Thornton before Chambers changed its accounting principles in March.

The assertion by Grant Thornton could add fuel to the fire that led to the
shareholder suits against Chambers. Its shares lost two-thirds of their value
after the disclosure about its aggressive accounting. Analysts said it had also
sharply reduced confidence in the Chambers management and left questions about
how long Chambers had reported inflated earnings.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              338 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           Ruidoso News (New Mexico)

                            December 7, 2010 Tuesday

'Zozo post office gets recycling grant

SECTION: LINCOLN COUNTY

LENGTH: 399 words


Lincoln County has made the Keep New Mexico Beautiful (KNMB) grant program
'Winners Circle' again. Late last week, KNMB announced award of an $800 grant to
underwrite the Carrizozo Post Office Recycling Project.

The award will purchase a three-cubic-yard blue recycling collection dumpster as
well as lobby containers for postal patrons.

The award is the third consecutive grant in support of Greentree Solid Waste
Authority and regional Post Office efforts at increasing recycling for postal
patrons.

The project is expected to steadily increase the amount of mixed paper recycling
of all kinds in the region. Establishment of Post Office recycling has been a
long-term goal of the Carrizozo Community Re-cycling Committee.

Similar projects funded by KNMB or the New Mexico Recycling Coalition [Capitan]
have been underway for some time in Capitan, Alto and Ruidoso Downs.

Corona Post Office lobby recycling has been on-going for several years. While
lobby recycling is not available in Ruidoso, recycling discarded or unwanted
mail items by postal employees takes place at the Ruidoso and Hollywood Station
post offices thanks to outdoor recycling container placement by the Village of
Ruidoso Solid Waste Department.

Keep New Mexico Beautiful has worked for more than 40 years with communities and
organizations around New Mexico to improve their surroundings and promote civic
pride. KNMB grants may be used for "hands on" projects, trash cleanup,
creation/expansion of recycling facilities, and provision of trash receptacles.

Grants are made for solid waste management and litter control activities; native
landscaping and beautification activities; and educational activities. Funded
projects promote the mission of KNMB by being good community stewards in
environmental projects of recycling, litter control, water conservation and
beautification.

Postal patrons can recycle any discarded or unwanted mail in lobby recycling
containers before leaving the Post Office.

Although any paper items can be recycled, patrons are cautioned not to recycle
anything with sensitive personal information such as social security numbers in
lobby containers.

For more information on Post Office recycling, the Solid Waste Authority office
at 378-4697, toll free at 1-877-548-8772 or via email at gswa@greentreeswa.org .
General recycling information is available on the Authority website at
www.greentreeswa.org .

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2010 Ruidoso News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              339 of 995 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                              June 17, 2013 Monday

Recycling Efforts Take Hold Here

BYLINE: Editorials

SECTION: A; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 488  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Recycling is a team effort, and in Lancaster County, the Lancaster County Solid
Waste Management Authority has taken the field.

And West Donegal Township is there, too.

The township, recently awarded 25 recycling bins through a grant from the
Coca-Cola Foundation's Keep America Beautiful Bin Grant Program, plans to not
only place those bins at athletic fields at Rheems Elementary School, its
municipal building and adjacent fields, but to also share bins with New Holland
Borough.

West Donegal improved its recycling program last year by increasing its yard
waste collection efforts. Separating yard waste from regular trash makes sense
since it can be turned into mulch rather than mixing with less biodegradable
trash in landfills. The township was able to improve its recycling by 14
percent, thanks to this effort.

Recycling bins, for plastic and aluminum, make sense overall, as well.
Manufacturing products and packaging using recyclable materials reduces waste
sent to landfills and uses less energy than transporting and processing
resources to manufacture new cans, bottles and other items.

Setting up more recycling bins should increase West Donegal's recycling ratio
even more because having a place to deposit recyclables and having a pickup
program in place are the two biggest tricks to successful recycling. People are
willing to recycle, but make it too difficult, and their enthusiasm wanes.

That's why the county solid waste authority deserves special thanks for its
efforts.

The LCSWMA's Keep Lancaster County Beautiful program submitted the application
for West Donegal Township, and can help other local communities, according to
Barbara Baker, recycling manager for LCSWMA and coordinator of Keep Lancaster
County Beautiful.

Keep Lancaster County Beautiful's mission is to empower citizens to make
communities clean and beautiful through education, individual responsibility,
public-private partnerships and volunteer action. Priorities include litter- and
illegal- dump prevention, cleanup handling waste properly, and sustainable
practices.

But, as noted above, the bin program is the best way to get the public involved.

The Coca-Cola Foundation deserves credit for its Keep America Beautiful program,
which has made bin-grant awards across the country, to institutions such as the
Philadelphia Zoo, and parks, school districts and municipalities.

The program has awarded 156 grants to local governments, schools, colleges and
other community groups across the U.S., and West Donegal is to be commended for
meeting a number of criteria - including level of need, recycling experience and
the ability of applicants to sustain their programs in the future - to win the
grant.

Other municipalities, school districts and institutions in Lancaster County
should contact Keep Lancaster County Beautiful, and explore making recycling
more convenient and more effective for the sake of our community's long-term
health.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              340 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                              July 8, 2014 Tuesday

Grant will fund Windham County school composting

BYLINE: By MIKE FAHER / Reformer Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 589 words


BRATTLEBORO -- With the state pushing hard to reduce the amount of trash sent to
landfills, Windham Solid Waste Management District is turning its attention to
local schools.

This fall, after receiving just-announced funding from the state, district
administrators will establish new recycling and composting initiatives at the
Brattleboro, Leland & Gray and Twin Valley middle and high schools.

The effort also will involve education, as officials say many people do not
realize how much waste can be diverted from trash bags.

For instance, "milk cartons can go into the compost," said Kristen Benoit, the
district's program coordinator. "The real goal here is to reduce the amount of
waste that schools are producing."

Vermont's new waste-management law, Act 148, is phasing in new recycling
mandates from this year through 2020. For instance, it requires that all trash
haulers offering curbside pickup must also collect recyclables by 2015, leaf and
yard debris by 2016 and food scraps by 2017.

Some new requirements for the largest producers of food scraps -- for instance,
big grocery stores -- already are taking effect: As of July 1, any entity that
generates two tons of food waste weekly had to begin composting that waste.

"Price Chopper in Brattleboro has started a program, and we are now receiving
their food scraps," said Bob Spencer, Windham Solid Waste's executive director.
"They got right on board, and they're doing a great job."

The composting mandate is cut in half next year, when it will apply to weekly
producers of one ton of food waste. It is reduced still further the following
year and, by 2020, all households will be required to compost because food
scraps will be banned from landfills.

While schools' production of food waste varies, "They're going to be required to
divert (organics) at some point, depending on their size," Spencer said.

Some educational institutions already are separating compostable items: Examples
include Vernon Elementary, Putney School and Marlboro College, Spencer said.

Now, thanks to an $11,250 grant from the Vermont Agency of Natural Resources'
Department of Environmental Conservation, Windham Solid Waste will bring
composting to the county's middle schools and high schools in Brattleboro,
Townshend and Whitingham.

The state awarded identical grants to the University of Vermont for work with
schools in the Rutland and Colchester areas; to Northeast Recycling Council for
work with schools in the Bennington area; and to Northeast Kingdom Waste
Management District for work with schools in northeastern Vermont.

In Windham County, "I tried to target some of the largest student populations
while reaching out to as many towns as possible," Benoit said.

None of the affected schools currently has a composting program, she added. The
idea is to install composting containers and collection at each site along with
new recyclable-sorting stations and signs inside the schools.

While Vermont's new composting requirements may not yet apply to most schools,
"we just want to get everyone on line early," Benoit said.

There also will be educational efforts as well as audits to determine the size
and makeup of each school's waste output.

"We're going to be launching it this fall," Benoit said, adding that schools can
save money by cutting down on the amount of trash sent to landfills.

Also included under the grant is establishment of an environmental club in any
school that does not already have such a group.

Mike Faher can be reached at mfaher@reformer.com or 802-254-2311, ext. 275.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              341 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           Springfield News-Sun, Ohio

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             May 13, 2015 Wednesday

Clark County lags in recycling, campaign seeks to increase rates

BYLINE: Tiffany Y. Latta, Springfield News-Sun, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 907 words


May 13--The Clark County Solid Waste District recently launched a new campaign
aimed at increasing curbside recycling in the area and possibly saving residents
money.

District officials want to use the "Take It to the Curb, Clark County" campaign
to gauge public interest in curbside recycling, increase overall residential
recycling rates in the community, and explore whether communities are interested
in contracting with a single hauler for trash and recycling service.

In 2013, Clark County's average for recycling per person was 11 pounds per year.
The Ohio average was 84 pounds, putting the county well behind the rest of the
state, said Steve Schlather, program director with the solid waste district.

About 10 to 15 percent of households in Clark County currently recycle, when
mulching is excluded from the data. But a community-wide program could help
residents save money and boost residential recycling numbers above 35 percent
and help the county meet or surpass a new 25-percent minimum state goal for
residential recycling.

"We want to try to make it as convenient as possible and encourage people to
recycle in general, but use curbside recycling, (which) is what this campaign is
about," said Chuck Bauer, Clark County Utilities & Solid Waste Management
Director.

Currently, five haulers work in Springfield: H.W. Mann and Sons, Vince Refuse,
Rumpke, Waste Management and First Choice Disposal. All offer curbside
recycling, but the programs vary by hauler and location, Schlather has said.

Most Clark County residents have a subscription service and pay a hauler of
their choice to remove their trash. As a result, multiple trash trucks can drive
along the same street picking up trash, Bauer said.

If there's enough interest in curbside recycling, some townships or
municipalities could explore moving to a community-wide contract with one hauler
that would provide both trash service and curbside recycling.

A contract with a single hauler would likely save residents money, Bauer said.

"We believe that's the best overall alternative to look at as a community
because everyone gets access to curbside recycling because you can put that in
the contract," Bauer said.

He also said a contract with a single hauler would reduce the number of trash
trucks going through a route, minimizing truck traffic in residential
neighborhoods.

"That's a big benefit to cities and townships in the area," Bauer said. "Garbage
trucks, particularly on township streets, are probably the heaviest piece of
equipment that goes down the streets, which causes the most road damage."

In 2009, the solid waste district presented city commissioners with a
feasibility study that included an option to contract with a single hauler.

Springfield Mayor Warren Copeland supports the proposal.

"I think it would be more efficient, I think the price would be lower and it
would provide better service," Copeland said.

Copeland said the city looked into the 2009 report, but the commission never
voted on the issue as there was little support for contracting with a single
hauler.

City Commissioner Kevin O'Neill is opposed to contracting with a single hauler,
but said he would be willing to listening to new information. He said he worries
contracting with a single hauler would put people out of business who already
provide recycling.

"I think everything that a single hauler would offer is available. It's never
been a positive thing since I've been on the commission," O'Neill said. "People
like picking their own waste disposal person ... I think what we have is
working... If it isn't broken I don't think we need to fix it."

He said more people are recycling than ever before, and if officials want
increased recycling, the haulers need to make it more attractive to residents.

The solid waste district has a $75,000 grant available to help communities that
want to develop a curbside recycling program in 2016-17. The district's main
objective is to increase residential recycling participation, whether its
through a subscription service with a hauler of a resident's choice or working
with communities that want a community-wide contract service.

Bauer said officials want to begin the conversation in the community at the
"grassroots" level so the grant money does not go unclaimed.

The county approved the solid waste district's plan, which included allocating
the grant money.

"The Curbside Recycling Grant Program is designed to create an incentive for
political subdivisions to develop contracted curbside recycling in their
communities," Bauer said.

The program provides for one-time grant per capita allowances, he said. The
maximum grant that Moorefield Twp., for example, could receive for establishing
a program is $66,624, he said.

"For most people, the actual cost could go down and you get curbside recycling,"
Bauer said.

Residents can participate in a survey to make their opinions known.

"We're hopeful what will happen is people will go to the website and answer that
10-question survey and let us know what their thoughts are," Bauer said. "The
most important question is, 'If the cost goes down, how much would you want
curbside recycling?' "

For more information about the "Take it to the Curb, Clark County" campaign,
visit take2curb.org. The website includes frequently asked questions and the
survey.

___ (c)2015 Springfield News-Sun, Ohio Visit Springfield News-Sun, Ohio at
www.springfieldnewssun.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150513-1SP-Clark-County-lags-in-recycling-campaign-seeks-to-increase-rates-051
3-20150513

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1SP


                   Copyright 2015 Springfield News-Sun, Ohio


                              342 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 25, 2014 Thursday

Tennessee: State Grant Helps City with Disposal of Used Motor Oil

LENGTH: 367 words

DATELINE: Nashville


City of Knoxville, The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:

The City of Knoxville has been awarded a $14,600 grant from the Tennessee
Department of Environment and Conservation - part of more than $400,000
dedicated to better collection of used vehicle motor oil across the state.

"Used Motor Oil Collection Grants encourage cities and counties to establish
collection centers where people can dispose of their used motor oil, which helps
prevent pollution of our lakes, streams and groundwater," said TDEC Commissioner
Bob Martineau.

Tennesseans who change their own motor oil in their vehicles generate more than
1 million gallons of used oil each year, which can pollute soil and water and
interfere with the operation of sewer systems when not properly disposed,
according to TDEC.

The City of Knoxville will be purchasing equipment - a tank, canopy, pad,
heater, pump and absorbent â[#x20ac]" to be set up at the Household Hazardous
Waste Collection Center at the City's Solid Waste Management Facility at West
Baxter and Elm streets. The facility currently accepts used oil from Knoxville
and Knox County residents for free.

The tank, canopy, absorbent and pad will be an upgrade to the current equipment
in use. The heater and pump will be used to augment winter heating in the
collection center by using part of any unwanted clean oil that is collected and
offsetting the building heating costs, said John Homa, the City's Solid Waste
Project Manager.

"We're pleased and grateful that TDEC recognizes the dangers of improper
disposal of motor oils and awarded us this grant," Homa said. "We're eager to
expand our used oil collection infrastructure, and we'll be making it much
easier for do-it-yourselfers to properly dispose of their oil."

The non-matching state grant does not require any City funding.

The Household Hazardous Waste Collection Center is open Mondays, Tuesdays,
Thursdays and Fridays (7 a.m.-4 p.m.); Wednesdays (7 a.m.-noon); and Saturdays
(8 a.m.-noon).

For a list of materials accepted at the center, visit
www.cityofknoxville.org/solidwaste/hazwaste.asp.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              343 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  April 22, 1993, THURSDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

GRANTS LIKELY FOR RECYCLING WASTE FROM HOMES

BYLINE: Phil Sutin Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: ZONE SOUTH; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 732 words


Householders wanting to get rid of half-empty cans of old paint, drain cleaner
or insecticide soon may be getting help from their local governments.  Grants
for programs to recycle household hazardous wastes are prominent on a list of 34
recommended by the St. Louis-Jefferson Solid Waste District for financing by the
state. The money comes from a fee of $155 a cubic yard of trash dumped in
landfills. The money goes to the state for programs to reduce the volume of
trash. The state has a goal to reduce the volume by 40 percent by 1998.  The
grants are the first being awarded since the state began collecting the fee in
1991. The state Department of Natural Resources is expected to act on the
recommendations next month.  Five cities in southwest St. Louis County are
seeking nearly $100,000 to start a joint, household-hazardous, waste-collection
program. The cities are Crestwood, Glendale, Kirkwood, Oakland and Webster
Groves.  Another six cities would work with St. Louis County to set up a paint
collection system if the county gets a $65,500 grant. They are Ballwin,
Chesterfield, Clayton, Florissant, Olivette and University City.  The chairman
of the St. Louis-Jefferson Solid Waste Management District, Lee Brotherton, said
the cities might reprocess the collected paint and use it on their buildings.
St. Louis County wants to train 200 representatives of local government, civic
and service organizations in the proper management of household hazardous waste.
And the Metropolitan Sewer District is seeking $88,750 for a household hazardous
waste collection system and education program in north St. Louis County.
"Hazardous household waste is the biggest environmental threat," Brotherton
said. "A small quantity of the waste can get out of landfills and into the
ground water." Paint accounts for 50 percent of the household hazardous waste,
he said.  The district covers St. Louis and St. Louis and Jefferson counties.
The district has about $1.4 million allocated to it and received 50 proposals
calling for spending slightly more than $3 million, he said. The district not
only rejected some proposals, but it trimmed spending on proposals it
recommended, he said.  St. Louis County, with 64 percent of the district's
population, had 61.4 percent of the recommended proposals. St. Louis, with 25
percent of the population, had 26.5 percent of the recommended proposals.
Jefferson County, with 11 percent of the population, had 12.1 percent of the
recommended proposals.  The East Central Solid Waste Management District, which
covers Franklin, Lincoln, Montgomery, St. Charles and Warren counties, submitted
only one proposal to the state.  The district requested that the Boonslick
regional council of governments use all of its allocation of $180,843 for a
grant and loan program.  Lincoln County Associate Commissioner David Oney Jr.,
chairman of the East Central District, explained that the district did not have
time to seek and review proposals.  Boonslick Executive Director Steve Etcher
said the state may be reluctant to accept the proposal because it will not be
able to review applications for projects in the district.  Etcher said the
district received two proposals that might be financed later through Boonslick.
They are: A request from the Recycled Plastic Resins company of Washington, Mo.,
for $50,000 to buy a mobile grinder for plastic material. The shredded material
would be hauled to its plant in Washington for recycling.  A request by St.
Charles County for $2,600 to buy a waste freon recovery system.  In the St.
Louis-Jefferson district, the city of St. Louis has three recommended requests
for grants that would make recycling easier for residents and increase the
number of recycling drop-off centers.  Several municipalities and private
companies have been recommended for grants for equipment for collecting,
grinding and recycling materials.  The district is seeking $100,000 to hire an
executive director, pay for support staff and run an office. The executive
director would help prepare a districtwide solid waste management plan and
provide technical assistance to local entities.  The district recommended that
Jefferson County get $33,470 to pay for a recycling coordinator.  Brotherton
said the beginnings of projects depends on the speed of the state approving
applications and the completion of needed paperwork.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: (1) Photos by Post-Dispatch/By Jerry Naunheim Jr. - RIGHT: Family
members of the late Michael C. Roth, St. Louis recreation commissioner, at a
memorial service. Shown are Mr. Roth's wife, Christine; his daughter, Marsha;
and father, Frederick. (2) Photo - ABOVE: During the memorial service for Roth,
who died in a January car accident, a tree stands ready to be planted in his
honor. (3) Photo - RIGHT: Officials planting the tree at Dunn-Marquette Park,
4025 Minnesota Street. From left are Ed Stehlin, president of the Friends of
Dunn-Marquette Park, Alderman Paul Beckerle, and former Mayor Vincent C.
Schoemehl Jr.

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              344 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                            January 31, 2014 Friday

CMC seeks Rs14 cr annually for solid waste mgmt

LENGTH: 313 words

DATELINE: CUTTACK


CUTTACK, Jan. 31 -- The present annual grant of Rs 6.5 crore from the 13th
Finance commission for solid waste management in Cuttack is highly inadequate
and, therefore, the Cuttack Municipal Commission (CMC) on Thursday urged the
State Finance Commission to increase the funds for the purpose.

At a meeting held here between the Fourth State Finance Commission and all the
urban local bodies coming under the ten districts of central division, the CMC
Commissioner made a plea to increase its annual allotment.

The 13th Finance Commission is now providing an annual grant of Rs 6.5 crore to
the civic body for the solid waste management. "But we need at least Rs 18 crore
for the purpose," said the CMC Commissioner. He also pointed out that the civic
body is now facing extreme financial crunch and the holding tax structure in the
city has not been revised for last several years for which major developmental
projects are suffering.

The meeting was held under the chairmanship of RDC PK Mehrda and attended, among
others, by State Finance Commission Chairman Chinmaya Basu and Urban Department
Project Director BK Mohapatra. The executive officers of all the urban bodies in
the 10 district of the Central Revenue Division were also present.

The Finance Commission was also urged to make adequate fund provisions for
eviction drive and setting up of vending zones, Kalyan Mandaps and town halls
and parks in the urban local bodies.

The urban local bodies' executive officers told the finance commissioner that
developmental works in their respective areas are being severely hampered due to
poor staff strength. They also pointed out that in many areas the civic body
employees are underpaid.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              345 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          Kilgore News Herald (Texas)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           October 24, 2015 Saturday

Environmental funds may revamp green waste center

BYLINE: James Draper, Kilgore News Herald, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 553 words


Oct. 24--Almost $47,000 in local grant funding could enable the City of Kilgore
to make its Green Waste Center accessible to residents on a regular basis.

The East Texas Council of Governments has approximately $114,000 in state funds
available, Kilgore Parks Director Danny Downing explained Tuesday, earmarked for
solid waste programs in the area. Kilgore, in turn, has a variety of ongoing
needs at its Longview Street green waste collection site.

With council members' support, City Hall is now seeking up to $46,785.13 of the
funding from the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality, aiming to put it
towards equipment, personnel and security at the Green Waste Center.

"We may not get all of it," Downing explained, "but I anticipate getting some of
it."

While actual implementation of the funds will come later, current plans call for
the purchase of a dump bed trailer to transport to residents' homes for on-site
collection of tree debris, Downing reported, as well as funding part-time
staffers to operate the Longview Street facility in addition to a new monitoring
system.

Taking the trailer to the homes of residents at their request, "We create an
ease and a convenience for our citizens for transporting green waste," Downing
said. "It could reduce our man-hours on our brush truck that's working now."

The council's unanimous action Tuesday (three votes in favor with two members
absent) approved a requisite resolution supporting the city's application for
the grant monies.

According to the resolution, the East Texas Council of Governments is directed
by the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality to administer solid waste grant
funds within ETCOG's regional solid waste management plan.

The resolution authorizes Selleck to request the grant funding and commits the
city to the requirements set by ETCOG, TCEQ and the State of Texas if the funds
are awarded.

If the grant application is successful, Kilgore City Manager Josh Selleck said,
the injection of new funds could make the Green Waste Center much more
customer-friendly.

Currently, the facility is open infrequently for residents to dropoff tree
debris themselves -- security, maintenance and upkeep concerns have kept the
city from adopting a 'self-service' model at the site.

"We've had a lot of comments from people wishing that they could take their
green waste somewhere on the weekends and during the week even," he explained,
"rather than having to wait for the brush truck to come pick it up.

"We have limited hours at this time. It's never actually been fully-open to the
public ... This gives people another opportunity for somewhere to take their
green waste so they're not at the mercy of the rotating schedule for the brush
pick-up."

Taking Downing's recommendations Tuesday, the council will revisit the issue
when and if the grant monies are award, determining then how much to spend on
which aspects.

In the current strategy, "There's some part-time help included in it to assist
in the manning of and management of the green waste site," Selleck noted, "and
ultimately there's some marketing so we can let our residents know what our new
green waste hours are."

___ (c)2015 the Kilgore News Herald (Kilgore, Texas) Visit the Kilgore News
Herald (Kilgore, Texas) at www.kilgorenewsherald.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151024-KQ-Environmental-funds-may-revamp-green-waste-center-1024-20151024

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KQ


                       Copyright 2015 Kilgore News Herald


                              346 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Analyst

                                 March 07, 2013

Mary Broh Letter of Resignation and Accomplishments [document]

LENGTH: 915 words


February 28, 2013

H.E. Ellen Johnson Sirleaf

President of Liberia

Executive Mansion

Monrovia, Liberia

I am pleased to present my compliments and by this communication highlight to
you the progress and key achievements realized by me since my incumbency as
Acting Mayor of the Monrovia City Corporation (MCC) from June 10, 2009 to
February 22, 2013, the date of my indefinite suspension by you.

A remarkable accomplishment has been improvements in the internal revenue
generation of the MCC from US$.5M in 2009 to US$1.2M in 2012 through the
injection of better internal controls.

Furthermore Madam President, through enhanced coordination with the donor
community, the MCC again under my leadership has benefited from the following
support.

This activity is the principal municipal service delivery function of the MCC.
I met a 20-25% collection coverage but now coverage is 55-60% due to a host of
factors that were pursued and introduced by me. These include but are not
limited to following.

·         Approval by the World Bank of the US$18.4M Emergency Monrovia Urban
Sanitation (EMUS) Project Grant for expanded solid waste collection in Monrovia

·         Approval by the Gates Foundation of a US$5M Grant Proposal on Improved
Primary Waste Collection  in the Poor Communities of Monrovia for increased
access of the urban poor to door-to-door waste collection services

·         Construction and introduction of two (2) waste transfer stations in
the Monrovia Solid Waste Management system for rapid collection and disposal of
secondary waste from the city center and environs

·         Setting up of a designated Solid Waste Management Account with a
commercial bank for the long term sustainability of waste collection in Monrovia

·         Acquisition of additional funding of US$4M from the International
Development Agency of the World Bank Group through a 40 year soft loan
arrangement.

This activity represents the second most municipal service delivery function of
the MCC and we were able to realize the construction of public sanitation
centers in poor communities with donor funding from OXFAM and CSR funding from
Chevron Liberia and TOTAL and APM Terminals. At the moment we have received
approval of a US$1.4M equivalent grant from the African Water Facility (AWF) of
the African Development Bank (AfDB) to be effective March 2013.

Under this activity, in partnership with the private sector the MCC has
introduced City Street Parking Services in the City's Business District (CBD)
and immediate environs thereby reducing congestion and facilitating a free flow
of vehicular traffic and pedestrian movement. Additionally, with CSR support
from corporate donors, the MCC has established the Monrovia Central Park, which
will be completed soon to enhance recreational services for the City's
residents. Chevron has provided the MCC a second tranche of CSR funding to
complete the park.

Upon assumption of office as the Acting Mayor, I was granted a study tour of the
City of Accra, Ghana organized by the World Bank to enable me observe street
selling, solid waste management (SWM) and slum upgrading. Additionally, under my
leadership the below support has been obtained by the MCC

·         Situational Study of Slum Conditions in Monrovia and the Options for
Upgrading and Prevention. This was funded by Cities Alliance.

·         Capacity support from USAID in terms of immediate logistics and
funding of technical assistance by IBI

·         Capacity support from the World Bank in terms of a short term
Governance Adviser to assist the Office of the Mayor to improve responsiveness
of the MCC on issues related to the core functions of the Monrovia City
Corporation (MCC)

·         An Organizational Audit and Restructuring of MCC was undertaken and
completed with funding sourced from the World Bank

·         Financial Audit and Restructuring of MCC has been undertaken and
completed with funding from the World Bank

·         Over 50 staff members have been provided training through both in and
out of country training opportunities

I am delighted, Madam President, that with the confidence you have reposed in me
throughout these years, with the diligence of the staff of the Monrovia City
Corporation, with the help from the international community, with the
cooperation from local businesses, and, significantly, with the positive support
of the majority of the residents of Monrovia, we have been moving in the right
direction to make this city, our capital city, a better place to live.  I have
strived to help make Monrovia an example of urban transformation that would be a
model for other cities in Liberia and Africa. The task is far from done.
Although the living standards of the city's residents have improved during my
tenure, there remains much to be done.  We are far below international standards
and must therefore work incessantly and vigorously to make things better here in
Monrovia.

As a patriot, I consider it a privilege to serve our people. I have sought to
demonstrate my patriotism by delivering on the responsibility given me.  For
that reason, I have presented to you above a summary of achievements of the MCC
under my leadership.

Today, tension permeates the atmosphere between the Legislative and Executive
branches of Government and I honestly do not want to be a source of conflict
between the Legislature and the Executive.  Therefore, Madam President, I hereby
tender my resignation as Acting Mayor of the MCC.

Most respectfully submitted,

Mary T. Broh

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              347 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             March 13, 2016 Sunday

Civic body allocates Rs 119 crore for environment protection

SECTION: KOLHAPUR

LENGTH: 558 words


The Kolhapur Municipal Corporation (KMC) has proposed as many as nine projects
for environment protection for the first in its budget by setting aside Rs 119
crore for 2016-17. The civic body has not announced any new project, but instead
chose to club all the existing schemes in a comprehensive package."As per norms,
the civic body has to allot 25% of the total capital budget for environment
protection measures. However, we have taken the percentage to 28 and set aside
Rs 119 crore for the purpose," said Sanjay Sarnaik, chief accountant in the
KMC."At a glance, the provisions seem adequate in terms of total funds. But
importance should be given to proper implementation of the projects.

My immediate concern is about Panchganga river, Rankala lake and solid waste
management projects. These issues are directly linked with every citizen. The
KMC must not waste further time and implement the projects to clean up the water
bodies," said Prakash Raut, head of environment department, Shivaji
University.Here's a a look at look at the projects through which the civic body
aims to protect the city's environment:STPs at Kasba Bawda and Dudhali: The
project at Kasba Bawda is underway at present, while the at Dudhali will be
completed within the fiscal. Altogether 93 million litres of sewage water can be
processed once both the projects commence. Moreover, the civic body has also
proposed works worth Rs 1.6 crore at Line Bazar nullah and Rs 1.88 crore at
Bapat Camp nullah in the budget.Takala landfill site: The site is being
developed currently and the work will be completed soon. The KMC has made
provisions for transferring inert material from the garbage depot at Kasba
Bawda.Solid waste management: The civic body has received ample funding from
13th and 14th Finance Commissions for solid waste management projects. Garbage
compactors, cycle rickshaw, containers and other machinery will be purchased
using the funds. The KMC will procure sweeping machines on rent to clean the
roads.Swachh Bharat Abhiyan: As many as 700 individuals will be benefited from
the grants sanctioned to construct toilets. As of now, 564 beneficiaries have
received grants from the authorities. The remaining beneficiaries will get the
funds after scrutiny of their documents.Waste-to-energy scheme: The project will
commence this fiscal on design build finance operate transfer (DBFOT)
basis.Construction of toilets: As many as 16,000 families are using community
toilets in the city. Altogether 324 community toilets exist in the city of which
107 were repaired. More funds will be used to repair the toilets using grants of
the 14th Finance Commission.Kalamba lake conservation: Works of Rs 7.75 crore
are underway at the site. The authorities will make available additional Rs 2.25
crore for water conservation, strengthening the dam wall, construction of
compound wall, removing sludge and stopping sewage water from mixing with the
lake.Garden development & urban forestry: The KMC is aiming to plant trees on
over 15% of the total available land. Funds will be raised by allowing 20% space
of the gardens for advertisement and nursery development.Rankala lake
protection: The KMC will initiate measures to restrict people from using the
lake water for washing clothes and animals and other illegal activities.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              348 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                   Palestine News & Information Agency (WAFA)

                           December 8, 2012 Saturday

Japan Grants PA $12.5 for Projects

LENGTH: 213 words




The first grant of $10 million will go for improving solid waste management and
the second grant of $2.5 million will be in the form of aid of industrial
products.



Prime Minister Salam Fayyad, who signed the agreements on behalf of the
Palestinian Authority, thanked Japan for its support for the Palestinian people
and for its vote at the United Nations to upgrade the status of Palestine to a
non-member state observer.

He called on the international community to urge Israel to transfer withheld PA
tax revenues which could cripple the PA's ability to provide services to its
people if not delivered.

Junya Matsuura, Japan's representative to the PA who signed the agreements on
behalf of his government, said that his country was committed to supporting the
Palestinian people and authority on the political and economic levels.

A press release by the Japanese representative office said the first grant will
provide equipment and vehicles for solid waste management to the joint service,
planning and development councils in Hebron, Jenin, Jericho, Salfit and Tulkarem
to improve the solid waste management capacity.

The second grant aims to alleviate PA financial difficulties and help PA procure
industrial products needed for economic and social development efforts.

M.H..M.S.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 200


                  Copyright 2012 Palestine News Agency - WAFA
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              349 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           Ruidoso News (New Mexico)

                           December 9, 2010 Thursday

Keep New Mexico Beautiful Awards Carrizozo Post Office Recycling Grant

SECTION: LINCOLN COUNTY

LENGTH: 426 words


Lincoln County has made the Keep New Mexico Beautiful [KNMB] grant program
'Winners Circle' again.

Late last week, KNMB announced award of an $800 grant to underwrite the
Carrizozo Post Office Recycling Project.

The award will purchase a three cubic yard blue recycling collection dumpster as
well as lobby containers for postal patrons.

The award is the third consecutive grant in support of Greentree Solid Waste
Authority and re-gional Post Office efforts at increasing recycling for postal
patrons. The project is expected to steadily increase the amount of mixed paper
recycling of all kinds in the region.

Establishment of Post Office recycling has been a long-term goal of the
Carrizozo Community Recycling Committee.

Similar projects funded by KNMB or the New Mexico Recycling Coalition [Capitan]
have been underway for some time in Capitan, Alto and Ruidoso Downs. Corona post
office lobby recycling has been on-going for several years.

While lobby recycling is not available in Ruidoso, recycling of discarded or
unwanted mail items by postal employees takes place at the Ruidoso and Hollywood
Station post offices thanks to outdoor recycling container placement by the
Village of Ruidoso Solid Waste Department.

Keep New Mexico Beautiful has worked for more than 40 years with communities and
organizations around New Mexico to improve their surroundings and promote civic
pride.

KNMB grants may be used for "hands on" projects, trash cleanup,
creation/expansion of recycling facilities, and provision of trash receptacles.

Each year Keep New Mexico Beautiful awards grants to exemplary schools,
villages, municipalities, chambers of commerce, organizations, and government
agencies.

Grants are made for solid waste management and litter control activities; native
landscaping and beautification activities; and educational activities.

Funded projects promote the mission of KNMB by being good community stewards in
environmental projects of recycling, litter control, water conservation and
beautification.

Postal patrons can recycle any discarded or un-wanted mail in lobby recycling
containers before leaving the Post Office. Although any paper items can be
recycled, patrons are cautioned not to recycle anything with sensitive personal
information such as social security numbers in lobby containers.

For more information on Post Office recycling, the Solid Waste Authority office
at 378-4697, toll free at 1-877-548-8772 or via email at gswa@greentrees wa.org
. General recycling information is available on the Authority website at
www.greentreeswa.org .

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2010 Ruidoso News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              350 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     November 29, 2004 Monday Home Edition

Council is poised to place limitations on waste stations

BYLINE: MICHAEL PEARSON

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Gwinnett News; Pg. 15JJ

LENGTH: 447 words


Alpharetta appears ready to adopt regulations that would control the operation
of future waste transfer stations in the city.

The City Council voted 7-0 last week to grant preliminary approval to a law
requiring council review of future requests for the transfer stations and to
place limits on their operation.

The restrictions would not, however, have any effect on the waste transfer
station Waste Management Inc. is building on Maxwell Road.

But city officials expect those restrictions to be included in a contract
between the city and Waste Management.

"I feel pretty confident that it's going to be pretty much the same as in the
regulations," said Councilwoman Debbie Gibson, who oversees development issues
for the council.

Currently, many kinds of development permitted in the city's light industrial
zoning category do not require review by the City Council, including sewage
treatment plants, glassmaking plants and tattoo parlors.

Although waste transfer stations are not now mentioned in the city's zoning
code, the Maxwell Road facility was approved under the Community Development
Department's authority to determine if projects are similar enough to existing
categories to grant approval. The department determined the waste transfer
station was similar to a sewage treatment plant and authorized its construction.

That angered some City Council members, who said they should have been allowed
to weigh in on the controversial development.

The change would require the council to review proposals for sewage plants,
transfer facilities and several other kinds of developments. It also would
implement a number of restrictions on garbage transfer stations.

The restrictions include limits on operating hours --- from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m.
Monday through Saturday --- and limits on the number of trucks that can travel
to the site.

Council members said the regulations appeared fairly complete but would require
some changes, including a later Saturday starting hour and an explicit
prohibition on Sunday operation.

The restrictions appear to be somewhat theoretical because the law would make it
virtually impossible for another company to build a transfer station in the
city.

The regulations prohibit new stations within 3 miles of the existing facility,
and limit them to the city's light industrial area, which is where the current
station is located.

If Waste Management seeks to change the conditions of its development permits,
the station would come under the proposed regulations, according to Community
Development Director Diana Wheeler.

The proposal should be discussed for a final time at the council's Dec. 6
meeting.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphic: UPDATE: THE STORY SO FAR

* Previously: Many Alpharetta officials and residents are upset over the
construction of a waste transfer station on Maxwell Road.

* The latest: The City Council voted last week to grant preliminary approval of
a law requiring city review of future transfer station plans.

* What's next: The proposal is expected to be discussed at the council's Dec. 6
meeting.

                Copyright 2004 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              351 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                     The Chronicle (Centralia, Washington)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 14, 2013 Friday

BRIEF: Clean-up Grants Offered by County Solid Waste Disposal District

BYLINE: The Chronicle, Centralia, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 220 words


June 14--The Lewis County Department of Solid Waste will offer a pilot grant
program to certain nonprofit organizations through the end of the year,
according to the department.

Under the pilot program, nonprofit 501(c)3 or 501(c)4 groups planning to sponsor
community cleanup projects in Lewis County may be eligible to receive funding to
cover part or all of their disposal costs at a Lewis County transfer station.

Tim Elsea, Lewis County engineer and public works director, earlier this week
announced that the department will award up to $10,000 in grants; the maximum
per organization is $5,000.

"The Solid Waste Disposal District Board of Commissioners is offering this grant
program as a way to help groups in their efforts to keep our county clean and
perform projects for the community good," Elsea said. "It's a pilot program this
year so that we can determine how well it works and to solve any problems that
might arise."

Applications for the grant program are available in the Solid Waste Utility
office, 1411 S. Tower Ave., Centralia.

For application requirements or more information, call the Lewis County Solid
Waste Utility office: (360) 740-1451 or 1-800-749-5980.

___ (c)2013 The Chronicle (Centralia, Wash.) Visit The Chronicle (Centralia,
Wash.) at www.chronline.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130614-1CE-BRF-Clean-up-Grants-Offered-by-County-Solid-Waste
-Disposal-District-0614-20130614

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CE


                          Copyright 2013 The Chronicle


                              352 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     November 28, 2004 Sunday Home Edition

ALPHARETTA: Council poised to place limitations on waste stations

BYLINE: MICHAEL PEARSON

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: NorthSide; Pg. 3ZH

LENGTH: 447 words


Alpharetta appears ready to adopt regulations that would control the operation
of future waste transfer stations in the city.

The City Council voted 7-0 on Monday to grant preliminary approval to a law
requiring council review of future requests for the transfer stations and to
place limits on their operation.

The restrictions would not, however, have any effect on the waste transfer
station Waste Management Inc. is building on Maxwell Road.

But city officials expect those restrictions to be included in a contract
between the city and Waste Management.

"I feel pretty confident that it's going to be pretty much the same as in the
regulations," said Councilwoman Debbie Gibson, who oversees development issues
for the council.

Currently, many kinds of development permitted in the city's light industrial
zoning category do not require review by the City Council, including sewage
treatment plants, glassmaking plants and tattoo parlors.

Although waste transfer stations are not now mentioned in the city's zoning
code, the Maxwell Road facility was approved under the Community Development
Department's authority to determine if projects are similar enough to existing
categories to grant approval. The department determined the waste transfer
station was similar to a sewage treatment plant and authorized its construction.

That angered some City Council members, who said they should have been allowed
to weigh in on the controversial development.

The change would require the council to review proposals for sewage plants,
transfer facilities and several other kinds of developments. It also would
implement a number of restrictions on garbage transfer stations.

The restrictions include limits on operating hours --- from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m.
Monday through Saturday --- and limits on the number of trucks that can travel
to the site.

Council members said the regulations appeared fairly complete but would require
some changes, including a later Saturday starting hour and an explicit
prohibition on Sunday operation.

The restrictions appear to be somewhat theoretical because the law would make it
virtually impossible for another company to build a transfer station in the
city.

The regulations prohibit new stations within three miles of the existing
facility, and limit them to the city's light industrial area, which is where the
current station is located.

If Waste Management seeks to change the conditions of its development permits,
the station would come under the proposed regulations, according to Community
Development Director Diana Wheeler.

The proposal should be discussed for a final time at the council's Dec. 6
meeting.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Waste Management Inc. is building a waste transfer station on
Maxwell Road in Alpharetta. Restrictions are expected to be placed in a contract
between Waste Management and the city./ PHIL SKINNER / Staff; Graphic: UPDATE:
THE STORY SO FAR

* Previously: Many Alpharetta officials and residents are upset over the
construction of a waste transfer station on Maxwell Road.

* The latest: The City Council voted last week to grant preliminary approval of
a law requiring city review of future transfer station plans.

* What's next: The proposal is expected to be discussed at the council's Dec. 6
meeting.

                Copyright 2004 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              353 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          Carstairs Courier (Alberta)

                            January 16, 2001 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Grant allocation disputed by waste authority conversion to commission in final
stages

BYLINE: Chris Puglia, Carstairs Courier

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 515  words


The Mountain View Solid Waste Authority expressed some confusion over grant
money received from the provincial government to cover capital costs to assist
setting up a regional waste management system.

The way the authority understood the 1991 grant approval was it would provide
the region with $3.68 million with an initial payment of $628,000.

However, a letter from the provincial government, dated 1993, states the
province understood the agreement in a very different way.

In the view of the environment minister of that time, Brian Evans, the
government only committed to $3.05 million with the payment of $628,000 being
the initial instalment of that said amount.

The dispute comes in clause b in section four of the grant agreement that reads
``In addition to the capital grant of $628,600, the minister shall hereby pay an
additional capital grant of $3,052,400 in accordance with, and as prescribed by
schedule ``C''. The $628,600 grant provided under agreement No. 92- 0713 in
fiscal year 1991/92 shall constitute the initial payment under this agreement.''

According to the authority the wording of that statement clearly states the
government committed to $3.68 million which is what the authority applied for in
1991.

It was decided that the grant agreement would be sent to legal counsel for
advice and if the lawyers decided that the authority was correct in their
assumption a meeting will be scheduled with the current minister of environment,
Halvar Johnson.

Aside from the grant confusion the solid waste authority also conducted some
house keeping matters that will pave the road for the new commission structure
which will take over regional management in March.

In that process was the approval of an operating budget, the start of
negotiations to hire Larry Nault, authority administrator, as commission CAO and
the acceptance of information that will see the construction of two transfer
stations, one in Didsbury and one in Carstairs. The opening of the transfer
stations will also result in the closure of the two landfill sites in those two
communities.

When commission status is in place the authority will take over all regional
waste management and have the power to requisition funds from local communities
as well as handle their own budgets and operations.

According to Nault, recycling operations will continue to be handled by
community service groups who are operating recycling centres unless they wish to
hand over those operations to the authority.

As well, the commission will be responsible for hiring staff in the waste
management system. According to Nault, some job descriptions will be changing
which may result in new people being hired in the region.

``They (current employees), will get first crack at the jobs, but we don't want
to inherit any difficulties,'' said Nault.

Sundre personnel have already received lay-off notices, but Nault says they will
still have the opportunity to apply for a job with the commission.

The first meeting of the commission is scheduled for March 1 in Olds and the
commission will begin operating transfer stations in July.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2001 Carstairs Courier
                              All Rights Reserved


                              354 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                         The Tribune (Seymour, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 16, 2006 Saturday

Solid waste district targets recycling across community

BYLINE: Aubrey Woods, The Tribune, Seymour, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 385 words


Sep. 16--BROWNSTOWN -- The board of the Jackson County Solid Waste Management
District met Thursday night at the district office on Bloomington Road.

Executive director Leroy Crees gave updates about several recycling programs,
including one involving the collection of appliances this fall. That program
will be held Oct. 9-11 at the district office.

The district also plans to hold a fall cleanup collection program at Rumpke of
Indiana's landfill in Carr Township. Rumpke has agreed to foot the bill for the
collection with the exception of any tires collected, Crees said.

"The county will pick up the tab for the tires," Crees said. Rumpke will likely
take any tires collected, he added.

There will be a limit of 10 tires per person placed on the tire collection
program, which Crees said he believes many county residents will use.

"We'll get plenty of tires," he added.

The district receives its funding from a tipping fee for every ton of waste
collected at the Medora landfill, and it pays for recycling programs with
proceeds from that fee and other sources such as grants.

The board also accepted a Public Education Promotion grant of about $5,000 from
the Indiana Department of Environmental Management. Crees said the purpose of
the grant is to help with any promotional or educational expenses.

Crees also said he and Matt Otte, Seymour's supervisor of recycling, have been
discussing the possibility of establishing a one-day program to shred documents
for homeowners. That program could be held later this year.

Board member Debbie Hackman, an employee of Rumpke and a member of the county
council, said Crees and Otte should consider hiring a firm to do the work
instead of trying to do it on their own because of liability issues.

"Businesses will do it for free if they are allowed to keep the paper," Hackman
said.

The board adopted the 2007 budget of $144,385. That budget includes $35,000 for
special collection programs, $10,000 for the drop-off recycling program and
$38,160 for Crees' salary.

Copyright (c) 2006, The Tribune, Seymour, Ind. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Business News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060916-TS-0916-Solid-waste-district-targets-recycling-across-community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TS


                           Copyright 2006 The Tribune


                              355 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                        Greenville Herald-Banner (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 12, 2008 Sunday

Commissioners to consider solid waste ordinance

BYLINE: Chad Blackshear, Greenville Herald-Banner, Greenville, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 492 words


Oct. 12--Hunt County Commissioners will discuss and possibly take action on an
initial plan regarding the adoption of a county solid waste ordinance when they
meet Monday morning.

The project funds are being provided via a grant from the North Central Texas
Council of Governments.

Commissioners will have the opportunity to allow input from the consulting firm
R.W. Beck, which specializes in the areas of water/wastewater and solid waste.

According to County Judge John Horn, due to the topography of Hunt County, an
ordinance needs to be in place to ensure that pollutants and chemical do not get
into any waterways and other areas where they can do damage to the public. "I
don't think that is how we want Hunt County identified," said Horn.

According to the NCTCOG website, the Environment and Development Department has
received $75,000 in grant funding, provided by the Texas Commission on
Environmental Quality (TCEQ), to undertake a technical study to help identify
suitable areas for solid waste facilities in three counties in the region.

The counties participating in this project are Hunt, Johnson, and Wise counties.
This funding will be used to engage a consultant to explore county concerns
about land use goals, compliance with TCEQ guidelines, and to determine the
viability of adopting their own municipal solid waste (MSW) facility siting
ordinances.

This project addresses the "Assuring Capacity for Trash" (ACT) goal of NCTCOG's
Regional Solid Waste Management Plan.

Since 2005, six NCTCOG counties (Navarro, Hood, Kaufman, Ellis, Collin, and Palo
Pinto) have developed MSW facility siting ordinances. Based on recommendations
by the ACT Subcommittee, NCTCOG staff sought to encourage the remaining counties
in the 16-county region to pursue their own siting ordinances.

To further the recommendations of the ACT Subcommittee, NCTCOG staff held an
informational workshop on April 23, 2008 and invited representatives from North
Central Texas counties still lacking a solid waste facility siting ordinance.

As a result of this workshop, Hunt, Johnson, and Wise counties formally stated
that they would like to develop ordinances through a TCEQâ[#x20ac]"funded
technical study. This will enable these counties to designate suitable and
unsuitable MSW facility locations within the county.

Some counties are "built out" to such a degree (e.g. Dallas) that they felt this
would never become an issue for them and some other, more rural, counties felt
that they were not ready to address the issue at this time.

To see more of Greenville Herald-Banner, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.heraldbanner.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, Greenville Herald-Banner,
Greenville, Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081012-GC-Commissioners-to-consider-solid-waste-ordinance-1012

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GC


                                 Copyright 2008


                              356 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 1, 2015 Thursday

Tennessee: State Grant Helps City with Disposal of Used Motor Oil

LENGTH: 367  words

DATELINE: Nashville


City of Knoxville, The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:

The City of Knoxville has been awarded a $14,600 grant from the Tennessee
Department of Environment and Conservation - part of more than $400,000
dedicated to better collection of used vehicle motor oil across the state.

"Used Motor Oil Collection Grants encourage cities and counties to establish
collection centers where people can dispose of their used motor oil, which helps
prevent pollution of our lakes, streams and groundwater," said TDEC Commissioner
Bob Martineau.

Tennesseans who change their own motor oil in their vehicles generate more than
1 million gallons of used oil each year, which can pollute soil and water and
interfere with the operation of sewer systems when not properly disposed,
according to TDEC.

The City of Knoxville will be purchasing equipment - a tank, canopy, pad,
heater, pump and absorbent â[#x20ac]" to be set up at the Household Hazardous
Waste Collection Center at the City's Solid Waste Management Facility at West
Baxter and Elm streets. The facility currently accepts used oil from Knoxville
and Knox County residents for free.

The tank, canopy, absorbent and pad will be an upgrade to the current equipment
in use. The heater and pump will be used to augment winter heating in the
collection center by using part of any unwanted clean oil that is collected and
offsetting the building heating costs, said John Homa, the City's Solid Waste
Project Manager.

"We're pleased and grateful that TDEC recognizes the dangers of improper
disposal of motor oils and awarded us this grant," Homa said. "We're eager to
expand our used oil collection infrastructure, and we'll be making it much
easier for do-it-yourselfers to properly dispose of their oil."

The non-matching state grant does not require any City funding.

The Household Hazardous Waste Collection Center is open Mondays, Tuesdays,
Thursdays and Fridays (7 a.m.-4 p.m.); Wednesdays (7 a.m.-noon); and Saturdays
(8 a.m.-noon).

For a list of materials accepted at the center, visit
www.cityofknoxville.org/solidwaste/hazwaste.asp.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              357 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 31, 2014 Wednesday

Tennessee: State Grant Helps City with Disposal of Used Motor Oil

LENGTH: 367  words

DATELINE: Nashville


City of Knoxville, The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:

The City of Knoxville has been awarded a $14,600 grant from the Tennessee
Department of Environment and Conservation - part of more than $400,000
dedicated to better collection of used vehicle motor oil across the state.

"Used Motor Oil Collection Grants encourage cities and counties to establish
collection centers where people can dispose of their used motor oil, which helps
prevent pollution of our lakes, streams and groundwater," said TDEC Commissioner
Bob Martineau.

Tennesseans who change their own motor oil in their vehicles generate more than
1 million gallons of used oil each year, which can pollute soil and water and
interfere with the operation of sewer systems when not properly disposed,
according to TDEC.

The City of Knoxville will be purchasing equipment - a tank, canopy, pad,
heater, pump and absorbent â[#x20ac]" to be set up at the Household Hazardous
Waste Collection Center at the City's Solid Waste Management Facility at West
Baxter and Elm streets. The facility currently accepts used oil from Knoxville
and Knox County residents for free.

The tank, canopy, absorbent and pad will be an upgrade to the current equipment
in use. The heater and pump will be used to augment winter heating in the
collection center by using part of any unwanted clean oil that is collected and
offsetting the building heating costs, said John Homa, the City's Solid Waste
Project Manager.

"We're pleased and grateful that TDEC recognizes the dangers of improper
disposal of motor oils and awarded us this grant," Homa said. "We're eager to
expand our used oil collection infrastructure, and we'll be making it much
easier for do-it-yourselfers to properly dispose of their oil."

The non-matching state grant does not require any City funding.

The Household Hazardous Waste Collection Center is open Mondays, Tuesdays,
Thursdays and Fridays (7 a.m.-4 p.m.); Wednesdays (7 a.m.-noon); and Saturdays
(8 a.m.-noon).

For a list of materials accepted at the center, visit
www.cityofknoxville.org/solidwaste/hazwaste.asp.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              358 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 30, 2014 Tuesday

Tennessee: State Grant Helps City with Disposal of Used Motor Oil

LENGTH: 367  words

DATELINE: Nashville


City of Knoxville, The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:

The City of Knoxville has been awarded a $14,600 grant from the Tennessee
Department of Environment and Conservation - part of more than $400,000
dedicated to better collection of used vehicle motor oil across the state.

"Used Motor Oil Collection Grants encourage cities and counties to establish
collection centers where people can dispose of their used motor oil, which helps
prevent pollution of our lakes, streams and groundwater," said TDEC Commissioner
Bob Martineau.

Tennesseans who change their own motor oil in their vehicles generate more than
1 million gallons of used oil each year, which can pollute soil and water and
interfere with the operation of sewer systems when not properly disposed,
according to TDEC.

The City of Knoxville will be purchasing equipment - a tank, canopy, pad,
heater, pump and absorbent â[#x20ac]" to be set up at the Household Hazardous
Waste Collection Center at the City's Solid Waste Management Facility at West
Baxter and Elm streets. The facility currently accepts used oil from Knoxville
and Knox County residents for free.

The tank, canopy, absorbent and pad will be an upgrade to the current equipment
in use. The heater and pump will be used to augment winter heating in the
collection center by using part of any unwanted clean oil that is collected and
offsetting the building heating costs, said John Homa, the City's Solid Waste
Project Manager.

"We're pleased and grateful that TDEC recognizes the dangers of improper
disposal of motor oils and awarded us this grant," Homa said. "We're eager to
expand our used oil collection infrastructure, and we'll be making it much
easier for do-it-yourselfers to properly dispose of their oil."

The non-matching state grant does not require any City funding.

The Household Hazardous Waste Collection Center is open Mondays, Tuesdays,
Thursdays and Fridays (7 a.m.-4 p.m.); Wednesdays (7 a.m.-noon); and Saturdays
(8 a.m.-noon).

For a list of materials accepted at the center, visit
www.cityofknoxville.org/solidwaste/hazwaste.asp.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              359 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 29, 2014 Monday

Tennessee: State Grant Helps City with Disposal of Used Motor Oil

LENGTH: 367  words

DATELINE: Nashville


City of Knoxville, The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:

The City of Knoxville has been awarded a $14,600 grant from the Tennessee
Department of Environment and Conservation - part of more than $400,000
dedicated to better collection of used vehicle motor oil across the state.

"Used Motor Oil Collection Grants encourage cities and counties to establish
collection centers where people can dispose of their used motor oil, which helps
prevent pollution of our lakes, streams and groundwater," said TDEC Commissioner
Bob Martineau.

Tennesseans who change their own motor oil in their vehicles generate more than
1 million gallons of used oil each year, which can pollute soil and water and
interfere with the operation of sewer systems when not properly disposed,
according to TDEC.

The City of Knoxville will be purchasing equipment - a tank, canopy, pad,
heater, pump and absorbent â[#x20ac]" to be set up at the Household Hazardous
Waste Collection Center at the City's Solid Waste Management Facility at West
Baxter and Elm streets. The facility currently accepts used oil from Knoxville
and Knox County residents for free.

The tank, canopy, absorbent and pad will be an upgrade to the current equipment
in use. The heater and pump will be used to augment winter heating in the
collection center by using part of any unwanted clean oil that is collected and
offsetting the building heating costs, said John Homa, the City's Solid Waste
Project Manager.

"We're pleased and grateful that TDEC recognizes the dangers of improper
disposal of motor oils and awarded us this grant," Homa said. "We're eager to
expand our used oil collection infrastructure, and we'll be making it much
easier for do-it-yourselfers to properly dispose of their oil."

The non-matching state grant does not require any City funding.

The Household Hazardous Waste Collection Center is open Mondays, Tuesdays,
Thursdays and Fridays (7 a.m.-4 p.m.); Wednesdays (7 a.m.-noon); and Saturdays
(8 a.m.-noon).

For a list of materials accepted at the center, visit
www.cityofknoxville.org/solidwaste/hazwaste.asp.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              360 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 27, 2014 Saturday

Tennessee: State Grant Helps City with Disposal of Used Motor Oil

LENGTH: 367  words

DATELINE: Nashville


City of Knoxville, The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:

The City of Knoxville has been awarded a $14,600 grant from the Tennessee
Department of Environment and Conservation - part of more than $400,000
dedicated to better collection of used vehicle motor oil across the state.

"Used Motor Oil Collection Grants encourage cities and counties to establish
collection centers where people can dispose of their used motor oil, which helps
prevent pollution of our lakes, streams and groundwater," said TDEC Commissioner
Bob Martineau.

Tennesseans who change their own motor oil in their vehicles generate more than
1 million gallons of used oil each year, which can pollute soil and water and
interfere with the operation of sewer systems when not properly disposed,
according to TDEC.

The City of Knoxville will be purchasing equipment - a tank, canopy, pad,
heater, pump and absorbent â[#x20ac]" to be set up at the Household Hazardous
Waste Collection Center at the City's Solid Waste Management Facility at West
Baxter and Elm streets. The facility currently accepts used oil from Knoxville
and Knox County residents for free.

The tank, canopy, absorbent and pad will be an upgrade to the current equipment
in use. The heater and pump will be used to augment winter heating in the
collection center by using part of any unwanted clean oil that is collected and
offsetting the building heating costs, said John Homa, the City's Solid Waste
Project Manager.

"We're pleased and grateful that TDEC recognizes the dangers of improper
disposal of motor oils and awarded us this grant," Homa said. "We're eager to
expand our used oil collection infrastructure, and we'll be making it much
easier for do-it-yourselfers to properly dispose of their oil."

The non-matching state grant does not require any City funding.

The Household Hazardous Waste Collection Center is open Mondays, Tuesdays,
Thursdays and Fridays (7 a.m.-4 p.m.); Wednesdays (7 a.m.-noon); and Saturdays
(8 a.m.-noon).

For a list of materials accepted at the center, visit
www.cityofknoxville.org/solidwaste/hazwaste.asp.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              361 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 24, 2014 Wednesday

Tennessee: State Grant Helps City with Disposal of Used Motor Oil

LENGTH: 367  words

DATELINE: Nashville


City of Knoxville, The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:

The City of Knoxville has been awarded a $14,600 grant from the Tennessee
Department of Environment and Conservation - part of more than $400,000
dedicated to better collection of used vehicle motor oil across the state.

"Used Motor Oil Collection Grants encourage cities and counties to establish
collection centers where people can dispose of their used motor oil, which helps
prevent pollution of our lakes, streams and groundwater," said TDEC Commissioner
Bob Martineau.

Tennesseans who change their own motor oil in their vehicles generate more than
1 million gallons of used oil each year, which can pollute soil and water and
interfere with the operation of sewer systems when not properly disposed,
according to TDEC.

The City of Knoxville will be purchasing equipment - a tank, canopy, pad,
heater, pump and absorbent â[#x20ac]" to be set up at the Household Hazardous
Waste Collection Center at the City's Solid Waste Management Facility at West
Baxter and Elm streets. The facility currently accepts used oil from Knoxville
and Knox County residents for free.

The tank, canopy, absorbent and pad will be an upgrade to the current equipment
in use. The heater and pump will be used to augment winter heating in the
collection center by using part of any unwanted clean oil that is collected and
offsetting the building heating costs, said John Homa, the City's Solid Waste
Project Manager.

"We're pleased and grateful that TDEC recognizes the dangers of improper
disposal of motor oils and awarded us this grant," Homa said. "We're eager to
expand our used oil collection infrastructure, and we'll be making it much
easier for do-it-yourselfers to properly dispose of their oil."

The non-matching state grant does not require any City funding.

The Household Hazardous Waste Collection Center is open Mondays, Tuesdays,
Thursdays and Fridays (7 a.m.-4 p.m.); Wednesdays (7 a.m.-noon); and Saturdays
(8 a.m.-noon).

For a list of materials accepted at the center, visit
www.cityofknoxville.org/solidwaste/hazwaste.asp.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              362 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 23, 2014 Tuesday

Tennessee: State Grant Helps City with Disposal of Used Motor Oil

LENGTH: 367  words

DATELINE: Nashville


City of Knoxville, The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:

The City of Knoxville has been awarded a $14,600 grant from the Tennessee
Department of Environment and Conservation - part of more than $400,000
dedicated to better collection of used vehicle motor oil across the state.

"Used Motor Oil Collection Grants encourage cities and counties to establish
collection centers where people can dispose of their used motor oil, which helps
prevent pollution of our lakes, streams and groundwater," said TDEC Commissioner
Bob Martineau.

Tennesseans who change their own motor oil in their vehicles generate more than
1 million gallons of used oil each year, which can pollute soil and water and
interfere with the operation of sewer systems when not properly disposed,
according to TDEC.

The City of Knoxville will be purchasing equipment - a tank, canopy, pad,
heater, pump and absorbent â[#x20ac]" to be set up at the Household Hazardous
Waste Collection Center at the City's Solid Waste Management Facility at West
Baxter and Elm streets. The facility currently accepts used oil from Knoxville
and Knox County residents for free.

The tank, canopy, absorbent and pad will be an upgrade to the current equipment
in use. The heater and pump will be used to augment winter heating in the
collection center by using part of any unwanted clean oil that is collected and
offsetting the building heating costs, said John Homa, the City's Solid Waste
Project Manager.

"We're pleased and grateful that TDEC recognizes the dangers of improper
disposal of motor oils and awarded us this grant," Homa said. "We're eager to
expand our used oil collection infrastructure, and we'll be making it much
easier for do-it-yourselfers to properly dispose of their oil."

The non-matching state grant does not require any City funding.

The Household Hazardous Waste Collection Center is open Mondays, Tuesdays,
Thursdays and Fridays (7 a.m.-4 p.m.); Wednesdays (7 a.m.-noon); and Saturdays
(8 a.m.-noon).

For a list of materials accepted at the center, visit
www.cityofknoxville.org/solidwaste/hazwaste.asp.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              363 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 22, 2014 Monday

Tennessee: State Grant Helps City with Disposal of Used Motor Oil

LENGTH: 367  words

DATELINE: Nashville


City of Knoxville, The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:

The City of Knoxville has been awarded a $14,600 grant from the Tennessee
Department of Environment and Conservation - part of more than $400,000
dedicated to better collection of used vehicle motor oil across the state.

"Used Motor Oil Collection Grants encourage cities and counties to establish
collection centers where people can dispose of their used motor oil, which helps
prevent pollution of our lakes, streams and groundwater," said TDEC Commissioner
Bob Martineau.

Tennesseans who change their own motor oil in their vehicles generate more than
1 million gallons of used oil each year, which can pollute soil and water and
interfere with the operation of sewer systems when not properly disposed,
according to TDEC.

The City of Knoxville will be purchasing equipment - a tank, canopy, pad,
heater, pump and absorbent â[#x20ac]" to be set up at the Household Hazardous
Waste Collection Center at the City's Solid Waste Management Facility at West
Baxter and Elm streets. The facility currently accepts used oil from Knoxville
and Knox County residents for free.

The tank, canopy, absorbent and pad will be an upgrade to the current equipment
in use. The heater and pump will be used to augment winter heating in the
collection center by using part of any unwanted clean oil that is collected and
offsetting the building heating costs, said John Homa, the City's Solid Waste
Project Manager.

"We're pleased and grateful that TDEC recognizes the dangers of improper
disposal of motor oils and awarded us this grant," Homa said. "We're eager to
expand our used oil collection infrastructure, and we'll be making it much
easier for do-it-yourselfers to properly dispose of their oil."

The non-matching state grant does not require any City funding.

The Household Hazardous Waste Collection Center is open Mondays, Tuesdays,
Thursdays and Fridays (7 a.m.-4 p.m.); Wednesdays (7 a.m.-noon); and Saturdays
(8 a.m.-noon).

For a list of materials accepted at the center, visit
www.cityofknoxville.org/solidwaste/hazwaste.asp.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              364 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            August 16, 2016 Tuesday

Team to monitor waste treatment plant

SECTION: GOA

LENGTH: 268 words


Panaji: The state government has appointed a five-member committee to
periodically audit the functioning of the state-of-the-art solid waste
management facility, run by the Hindustan Waste Treatment pvt ltd at the Saligao
plateau. Concerns have been expressed that the 146 -crore garbage treatment
facility was struggling to cope with unsegregated waste.

The government-appointed committee has been tasked with the preparation of
monthly inspection reports, based on which charges for the damage will be
deducted from the monthly grants, given to the Hindustan Waste Treatment to run
the plant.

The five-member committee will be headed by the director of science and
technology, Levinson Martins.

"The committee shall carry out monthly inspection of the solid waste management
facility jointly along with the authorized representative of the Hindustan Waste
Treatment. The inspection has to be carried out within seven days of the end of
each month, after which the committee should prepare the report stating
compliance or non-compliance," Martins said.

The state government will pay out an annual grant of 29.9 crore to the plant
operator for a period of 10 years, along with the gross annual operational
support grant of 7 crore for a decade, and another 11 crore towards the
infrastructure.

In total, the state will disburse 381 crore to the Hindustan Waste Treatment to
run the plant over a period of 10 years.

"The mandate of the committee would be to monitor the performance and submit a
report which would be vetted by an expert committee as formed by GSIDC," Martins
said.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              365 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            August 16, 2016 Tuesday

Team to monitor waste treatment plant

SECTION: GOA

LENGTH: 268 words


Panaji: The state government has appointed a five-member committee to
periodically audit the functioning of the state-of-the-art solid waste
management facility, run by the Hindustan Waste Treatment pvt ltd at the Saligao
plateau. Concerns have been expressed that the 146 -crore garbage treatment
facility was struggling to cope with unsegregated waste.

The government-appointed committee has been tasked with the preparation of
monthly inspection reports, based on which charges for the damage will be
deducted from the monthly grants, given to the Hindustan Waste Treatment to run
the plant.

The five-member committee will be headed by the director of science and
technology, Levinson Martins.

"The committee shall carry out monthly inspection of the solid waste management
facility jointly along with the authorized representative of the Hindustan Waste
Treatment. The inspection has to be carried out within seven days of the end of
each month, after which the committee should prepare the report stating
compliance or non-compliance," Martins said.

The state government will pay out an annual grant of 29.9 crore to the plant
operator for a period of 10 years, along with the gross annual operational
support grant of 7 crore for a decade, and another 11 crore towards the
infrastructure.

In total, the state will disburse 381 crore to the Hindustan Waste Treatment to
run the plant over a period of 10 years.

"The mandate of the committee would be to monitor the performance and submit a
report which would be vetted by an expert committee as formed by GSIDC," Martins
said.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              366 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                                   The Record

                             March 18, 2005, Friday

Farm bureau aims to clean up illegal dumping

BYLINE: By Michelle Machado

LENGTH: 746 words



What used to be an octagonal "Santa Stops Here" sign, now is broken and lays in
the dirt.

But Santa had nothing to do with delivering this load: broken-down furniture,
used lumber, old car batteries, obsolete computer equipment and torn clothing
littering the rural Lodi land that Stanton Lange farms.

San Joaquin Farm Bureau Federation is hoping through a partnership with the
county Public Works Department to help secure grant funds to clean up
agricultural parcels, such as Lange's, where illegal dumping has occurred.

This month, Farm Bureau mailed surveys to its members to collect data about
similar sites that exist on county farms and ranches.

"The response has been outstanding. More than 80 surveys have been returned so
far," said Joe Petersen, a Farm Bureau program director who is spearheading the
survey effort.

Those surveys are being forwarded to the San Joaquin County Public Works
Department, the local agency responsible for obtaining Farm and Ranch Solid
Waste Cleanup and Abatement Grants.

The grant funds are not a sure thing, though.

"It's competitive. Just because I write it doesn't mean I'll get it," said
Jennifer DiCiano, the county Public Works management analyst who writes the
proposals.

The grants, which may be applied for four times each year, are limited to $
50,000 per cleanup or abatement project, with a $ 200,000 annual cap per
applicant.

Only cities, counties, resource conservation districts and Native American
tribes may apply for the grants, a reimbursement program administered by the
California Integrated Waste Management Board.

The program is funded through an assessment whereby landfills pay the Waste
Management Board $ 1.40 for each ton of waste delivered to their sites.

Since its inception in 1998, the program has provided over $ 2.4 million in
grant funds for the cleanup of illegal solid waste sites on farm and ranch
property.

So far, San Joaquin County has been awarded $ 79,202, including a $ 29,891 award
confirmed in February that will be used to clean up 11 agricultural sites.

Two Lange family farm sites qualified for cleanup funds under that grant, and
the new site on Devries Road will likely be folded in with the others, said
DiCiano.

Cleanup crew and dumpster charges will likely push the cost to remove and
dispose of the waste pile -- about a standard pick up load -- to about $ 500,
she said.

Legal disposal at Harney Lane landfill, just a dozen miles away, would have cost
just over $ 8.

"It's frustrating," said Lange, who called illegal dumping on the land he
manages a regular occurrence.

"If I took my garbage and dumped it in someone's yard in town, there would be an
uprising. But people from town come out here and do just that," he said.

Since July 1, the county has hauled 1,780 tons of general waste from county
roads along with 6,000 tires, 285 refrigerators and 660 computer monitors.

"Statistically, we're seeing a slight improvement over last year," said Steve
Winkler, deputy director of the county Public Works Department.

However, that trend could be reversed if spring cleaning season, traditionally a
time of more intense illegal dumping, is generates an unusual amount of roadside
garbage this year.

County Public Works spends about $ 750,000 per year cleaning up illegal dump
sites.

Winkler and other authorities hope that an ordinance adopted by the county Board
of Supervisors last October, which raised fines for those convicted of illegally
dumping and raised rewards for those giving information leading to any related
arrest and conviction, will curb the problem.

In a separate but related effort, Farm Bureau at the time of the survey also
asked its members for historical information on illegal dumping activities in
their neighborhoods.

That information will be passed to the county Sheriff's Office to assist in the
investigation and prosecution of those responsible for illegal dumping.

"The bottom line is that we're trying to pinpoint hot spots and show the impact
on our community, said Petersen.



-----

To see more of The Record, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.recordnet.com. Copyright (c) 2005, The Record, Stockton, Calif.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: SK-FARM-DUMPING-20050318

JOURNAL-CODE: SK

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                           Copyright 2005 The Record


                              367 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                      Post-Bulletin (Rochester, Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           November 9, 2016 Wednesday

Winona County adds new recycling effort for farmers

BYLINE: Brian Todd, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 587 words


Nov. 09--WINONA -- The Winona County Board took a pair of steps to fix a couple
of solid waste issues at Tuesday's county board meeting.

The board approved a new agricultural plastics recycling program, helping
farmers get rid of large silage bags, bale wrap and most bunker covers and
greenhouse or hoophouse films, which now will be recyclable.

Finding a way to recycle those plastics -- those large, white bags full of bales
or silage seen along farmland -- has been "the most intractable challenge I have
had to face," said Anne Morse, sustainability coordinator for Winona County.

The new program, a recycling deal with Revolution Plastics will cost neither the
county nor the farmers any money to dispose of the used bags in an
environmentally friendly way, Morse said.

"Ag film is super expensive to manage as garbage," Morse said. "The industry has
developed a product they can make from the ag bags. They are in their fourth
year of rolling this out around the country. We're the first in Minnesota to get
it."

Revolution Plastics uses the ag bags as raw material to make trash can liners,
according to the company's website.

In other business:

Repeal Winona County Unified Environmental Health Ordinance

The county relinquished authority to the Minnesota Department of Health for
licenses for food, beverage, lodging, recreational campgrounds, manufactured
home parks, public swimming pools and youth camps when the board repealed the
Winona County Unified Environmental Health Ordinance.

"It's one of the few things we can give back to the state," said commissioner
Marcia Ward.

The employees who performed the inspections for the county both left their jobs
voluntarily, Ward said, and the county has decided to save money and leave the
job of inspections to the state.

Set Public Hearing on Proposed Solid Waste Management Ordinance Amendments

The board set a public hearing for Nov. 22 to put the county's solid waste
program on a firm financial footing. The county's solid waste programs,
including recycling and household hazardous waste, are paid by a combination of
solid waste fees and, in the case of the last 15 years, a portion of the reserve
fund balance.

"This would put the solid waste program on a sustainable footing for at least
(five years)," Morse said.

The solid waste fee would increase yearly from $16 to $28, and the hauler fee
would increase from 12 percent to 13 percent. Overall, the increase per
household would be $2.80 per year. The public hearing will allow residents to
give input on the proposed changes.

Approve Justice and Mental Health Collaboration Program Grant Agreement

The county board approved a $250,000 federal grant to help the county evaluate
the mental health of inmates.

"What this grant would do is reduce the need for incarceration, reduce
recidivism and allow training to deal with mental illnesses," said Winona County
Attorney Karin Sonneman.

The grant, which covers three years, would allow for better mental health
screenings during intakes in the county's judicial system, and train law
enforcement members in the screening process. Winona County was one of 16
jurisdictions in the nation to be awarded this grant, she said.

"The biggest mental health facility in the state is the Hennepin County Jail,"
Sonneman said. "And we don't want that to happen here."

Flex2 -- Morning Mail -- Horizontal for Articles

Flex2 -- Morning Mail -- Horizontal for Articles

___ (c)2016 the Post-Bulletin Visit the Post-Bulletin at www.postbulletin.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20161109-RC-Winona-County-adds-new-recycling-effort-for-farmers-1109-20161109

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RC


                          Copyright 2016 Post-Bulletin


                              368 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                            December 22, 2014 Monday

EBRD and EU provide financing for Armenia's new solid waste landfill

SECTION: WASTE COLLECTION; New Projects

LENGTH: 315 words



HIGHLIGHT: The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) and the
European Union (EU) are providing financing to Armenia for the construction of a
new solid waste landfill.


EBRD is providing a [#x20ac]3.5m loan and the EU Neighbourhood Facility is
offering a [#x20ac]3.5m capital grant for the facility.

Planned to be built in the city of Hrazdan in Kotayk Province, the landfill will
operate as a commercially sustainable unit featuring new solid waste management
systems.

The systems will collect and dispose the municipal solid waste.

The new landfill will be managed by eight participating municipalities that
include Hrazdan, Abovian, Charentsavan, Tsakhkadzor, Byureghavan, Yeghvard, Nor
Hachn and Sevan.

The project is part of the Armenia government's plans to modernise and upgrade
the country's waste management system to European standards.

Apart from the EBRD and EU, the Government of Austria is also to supporting the
project through implementation and the corporate development of the landfill
management firm.

The EBRD's Shareholder Special Fund and the Early Transition Countries Fund are
also offering additional grants.

EBRD head of Yerevan office Mark Davis said: "The investment will bring
substantial benefits to the residents and the environment in the region, and
will help to develop better public awareness of the benefits of recycling."

In a separate press release, the EBRD unveiled that it will further invest
[#x20ac]25m in Green for Growth Fund (GGF) to promote investments in renewable
energy and energy efficiency projects in south-eastern Europe and the European
Neighbourhood region (Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia, Moldova and Ukraine).

GGF offers funds to local financial institutions for on-lending to private
households, small and medium-sized enterprises as well as direct financing to
large firms and municipalities for investments in energy efficiency and
renewable energy.

Image: The new landfill will operate as a commercially sustainable unit
featuring new solid waste management systems. Photo: Courtesy of European Bank
for Reconstruction and Development.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              369 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                              June 10, 2016 Friday

EBRD partnering with Tajik government

LENGTH: 173 words

DATELINE: New York





     London: The EBRD is partnering with Tajik government to finance further
improvements in solid waste management in Khujand, the main city in the
country's north.





 A European Bank for Reconstruction and Development loan of US$ 2.5 million and
an equal investment grant from an international donor, to be announced shortly,
will be lent to the city's municipal solid waste management utility,
Khizmatrasonii Naqliyoti Sanitari, with a sovereign guarantee.



 The first phase of the works has included modernisation of the public utility's
equipment and machinery, procurement of waste collection tracks, rehabilitation
of waste collection points and containers assets, as well as rehabilitation of
the city's landfill, and will be finished in the second half of 2016. The new
financing will allow the city to start the second phase of major improvements to
its solid waste management. The EBRD has already financed the first phase by
providing a loan of US$ 2.5 million and a grant from its Shareholder Special
Fund for an equal amount.





LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              370 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           The Times of Central Asia

                            April 17, 2013 Wednesday

EBRD ready to grant 23.4 million euro for solid waste management in Bishkek

LENGTH: 233  words


The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) is ready to grant
23.4 million for implementation of Bishkek Solid Waste Management project, press
service of the Bishkek Mayor's Office reported.

The project entitled "Solid Waste Management in Bishkek" is financed by the
European Bank for Reconstruction and Development. The project will ensure the
environmental safety of not only the capital city, but also the whole region,
prevent the spread of various infectious diseases, to ease social tensions
associated with the dump, according to Kabar news agency.

The meeting was attended by heads of government and municipal agencies, heads of
municipal territorial administrations, NGOs, representatives of the initiative
group of dump nearby residential areas.

Recall that in 2010 the Bishkek Mayor's Office has begun the development of the
project and the search for a potential investor. As a result the EBRD gave
consent to finance the project, the amount of investments of the banks will be
23.4 million euro.

In frames of the project it is planned to improve the system of waste management
, starting from its collection, transportation and utilization.

The program also provides for rehabilitation of existing dumps, construction of
a new landfill meeting all international standards, construction of the combined
company for sorting and mechanical-biological waste treatment and others.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Times of Central Asia
                              All Rights Reserved


                              371 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           The Times of Central Asia

                            April 17, 2013 Wednesday

EBRD ready to grant 23.4 million euro for solid waste management in Bishkek

LENGTH: 233  words


The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) is ready to grant
23.4 million for implementation of Bishkek Solid Waste Management project, press
service of the Bishkek Mayor's Office reported.

The project entitled "Solid Waste Management in Bishkek" is financed by the
European Bank for Reconstruction and Development. The project will ensure the
environmental safety of not only the capital city, but also the whole region,
prevent the spread of various infectious diseases, to ease social tensions
associated with the dump, according to Kabar news agency.

The meeting was attended by heads of government and municipal agencies, heads of
municipal territorial administrations, NGOs, representatives of the initiative
group of dump nearby residential areas.

Recall that in 2010 the Bishkek Mayor's Office has begun the development of the
project and the search for a potential investor. As a result the EBRD gave
consent to finance the project, the amount of investments of the banks will be
23.4 million euro.

In frames of the project it is planned to improve the system of waste management
, starting from its collection, transportation and utilization.

The program also provides for rehabilitation of existing dumps, construction of
a new landfill meeting all international standards, construction of the combined
company for sorting and mechanical-biological waste treatment and others.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Times of Central Asia
                              All Rights Reserved


                              372 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           The Times of Central Asia

                            April 17, 2013 Wednesday

EBRD ready to grant 23.4 million euro for solid waste management in Bishkek

LENGTH: 233  words


The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) is ready to grant
23.4 million for implementation of Bishkek Solid Waste Management project, press
service of the Bishkek Mayor's Office reported.

The project entitled "Solid Waste Management in Bishkek" is financed by the
European Bank for Reconstruction and Development. The project will ensure the
environmental safety of not only the capital city, but also the whole region,
prevent the spread of various infectious diseases, to ease social tensions
associated with the dump, according to Kabar news agency.

The meeting was attended by heads of government and municipal agencies, heads of
municipal territorial administrations, NGOs, representatives of the initiative
group of dump nearby residential areas.

Recall that in 2010 the Bishkek Mayor's Office has begun the development of the
project and the search for a potential investor. As a result the EBRD gave
consent to finance the project, the amount of investments of the banks will be
23.4 million euro.

In frames of the project it is planned to improve the system of waste management
, starting from its collection, transportation and utilization.

The program also provides for rehabilitation of existing dumps, construction of
a new landfill meeting all international standards, construction of the combined
company for sorting and mechanical-biological waste treatment and others.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Times of Central Asia
                              All Rights Reserved


                              373 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 18, 2014 Wednesday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Harrison County

LENGTH: 138  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Harrison
County a solid waste assistance grant of $22,800 that will be used by the county
to continue the local household hazardous waste collection program.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

For further information please visit: http://www.deq.state.ms.us

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              374 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 16, 2014 Monday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Harrison County

LENGTH: 138  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded Harrison
County a solid waste assistance grant of $22,800 that will be used by the county
to continue the local household hazardous waste collection program.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

For further information please visit: http://www.deq.state.ms.us

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              375 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 30, 2014 Saturday

Arkansas: GRANTS COORDINATOR Position No.: 2212-9216

LENGTH: 1160  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Arkansas has issued the
following job vacancy:


GRANTS COORDINATOR
Agency:  Arkansas Department of Environmental Quality
Office:  Solid Waste Management Division
Section:  Programs Branch
Date Posted:  08/28/2014
Posting Expires:  09/12/2014
Summary
The Grants Coordinator is responsible for planning and reviewing the
implementation of grants and monitoring financial and operational status of
grantees. This position is governed by state and federal laws and
agency/institution policy.


Typical Functions
Reviews financial records, statues, and the utilization of program resources,
and conducts on-site inspections, assesses staff duties and functions, verifies
payroll and personnel policies, and prepares reports on findings. Assists
applicant in determining area or program needs, provides suggestions concerning
application procedures, reviews grant and/or loan applications, and recommends
approval/disapproval. Participates in the establishment of priorities and
allocation of resources, establishes accounting practices to comply with
requirements, and evaluates program requirements through studies of required
funds and resources. Coordinates and monitors the implementation of grants,
contracts, and/or loan programs by overseeing funding procedures, developing
goals and objectives, and monitoring implementation, to ensure compliance with
institution policies, laws, and regulations. Prepares financial reports,
negotiates funding sources, monitors disbursements and invoices involving
granting and contracting agencies and allocates resources for programs. Prepares
statistical reports by analyzing grant information, develops record keeping
procedures, and disseminates information to program participants and funding
sources concerning new programs or changes. Reviews grants for compliance,
recommends reallocation of funds, and researches and recommends sources for new
funding. Provides technical assistance, as required for the department's
programs and support services, in regard to purchase services and sub grant
programs. Assists in developing requests for applications, application
development workshops, and training conferences to applicants. Plans, directs,
and organizes program campaigns to acquaint local, county, and state agencies
with available grants. May process personal service contracts, contract
amendments, or invoices, by reviewing for accuracy and adherence to established
procedures, verifying available funds, transferring funds as needed, and
submitting for payment. Performs other duties as assigned.
Special Job Dimensions
Knowledge, Abilities, and Skills
Knowledge of financial grants management. Knowledge of grant implementation,
monitoring, and fiscal control practices. Knowledge of state and federal laws
and regulations governing grant administration. Knowledge of state budgetary and
accounting principles and practices. Ability to review, monitor, and administer
grant contracts. Ability to research, interpret, and apply state and federal
laws and regulations governing grants administration. Ability to develop,
monitor, and evaluate grant program compliance. Ability to prepare, present, and
review oral and written technical information and materials.
Minimum Education and/or Experience
The formal education equivalent of a bachelor's degree in business
administration, accounting, finance, or a related field; plus two years of
experience in program planning, grant administration, or a related area.
Additional requirements determined by the agency for recruiting purposes require
review and approval by the Office of Personnel Management. OTHER JOB RELATED
EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE MAY BE SUBSTITUTED FOR ALL OR PART OF THESE BASIC
REQUIREMENTS, EXCEPT FOR CERTIFICATION OR LICENSURE REQUIREMENTS, UPON APPROVAL
OF THE QUALIFICATIONS REVIEW COMMITTEE.
Preferred Qualifications
PREFER: Preference will be given to those applicants with experience in research
and accounting; proven experience in maintaining highly functional databases
using Access and spreadsheets using EXCEL; and experience with landfill disposal
fee reporting. Experience in auditing or reviewing monetary records is a plus.

Applicant must have good oral and written communication skills, and strong
ability to organize and manage large inventories of written and electronic data
Certificates, Licenses, Registrations
Agency Specific Information
Duties include; The Grants Coordinator will work in the Programs Branch of the
Solid Waste Division under the direct supervision of the Program Branch Manager.
Will develop and maintain disposal fee databases; prepare monthly and quarterly
reports; collect fees from solid waste facilities; audit solid waste facilities
and waste haulers; and other duties as assigned. Extensive travel (some
overnight) and public speaking is required.

SALARY: Starting salary is $35,554. Higher Starting Salary would apply only if a
promotional opportunity for a current State employee.

REQUIRED: Copy of college transcript must be received by September 12th.
Identify on your transcript transmittal that you are applying for Grants
Coordinator position 2212-9216. Application is NOT complete and will not be
processed without copy of transcript. Submit copy of transcript for position
221-9216 via one of the following methods:
1) e-mail: Transcript@adeq.state.ar.us
2) fax: 501-682-0715
3) mail: Human Resources, 5301 Northshore Dr., North Little Rock, AR 72118
Applications are screened from information on State Application. List ALL work
and/or volunteer experience in "Employment Work History" Section---Resume WILL
NOT Substitute. Incomplete applications will not be processed.

If you are a Veteran, Disabled Veteran or a Surviving Spouse of a Deceased
Veteran and remain unmarried at the time you are seeking preference and you are
a citizen and resident of this state, you shall be entitled to Veteran's
Preference. Submit the DD-214 and other official documentation to one of the
following:
1) e-mail: Transcript@adeq.state.ar.us
2) fax: 501-682-0715
3) mail: Human Resources, 5301 Northshore Dr., North Little Rock, AR 72118

* Direct Deposit of net pay [checking and/or savings account] is required for
employment [Act 1887 of 2005].
* 5% Mandatory contribution to AR Public Employee Retirement System.
* Tobacco Free State Agency.
* New employees hired in 2014 or later will be automatically enrolled into the
Arkansas Diamond Deferred Compensation 457 Plan with a 3% automatic deduction.
You have 90 days from your first deduction to opt out if you decide not to
participate.

Job Details
Position No.:  2212-9216
Class Code:  G147C
Grade:  C119
Salary Range:  $35,554.00 - $60,390.00 per year
Background
check required?  No
Job Type:  Full Time
Location Information
Job City:  North Little Rock
Job County/Region:  Pulaski
Contact Information
Contact name:  TOM ZAKRZEWSKI
Phone:  501-682-0698

For further information please visit: https://www.ark.org/arstatejobs/

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              376 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 10, 2014 Thursday

ENVIRONMENTAL SPECIALIST I (Solid Waste/Recycling)

LENGTH: 540  words

DATELINE: Silver Spring


Solid Waste Association of North America has issued the following news releases:

The City of Oceanside is accepting applications for the position of
Environmental Specialist I. There is currently one vacancy in the Water
Utilities Department. This position will be providing programs and services to
implement the City's Zero Waste Plan, and community outreach and education for
the City's Solid Waste and Recycling Programs.

Duties of an Environmental Specialist I may include, but are not limited to:
educating citizens and/or businesses regarding clean water prohibitions and
AB939 State mandated Solid Waste programs; developing and monitoring citizen
participation programs; creating related public relations materials, such as
websites, fliers, and pamphlets; developing educational materials and providing
training in water programs and conservation issues to citizens, government
administrators, municipal employees, developers, businesses and business groups,
industrial workers, quasi-governmental groups, homeowner associations, and
students; developing solid waste recycling, reuse programs; performing
inspections of industrial, municipal and commercial sites, with an emphasis in
providing guidance, not enforcement; providing solid waste audits and waste
characterization studies; implementing or requiring implementation of best
management practices or controls at industrial, municipal, commercial, and
residential sites; participating in permitting and implementation processes, as
they relate to construction and demolition programs; providing information and
assistance with solid waste ordinances for all industrial, commercial, municipal
and residential sites; developing pollution prevention programs for industries;
applying for and administering grants for environmental and educational
projects; preparing applicable California State mandated reports, which involves
interpreting technical data, creating charts and databases, and preparing
reports; conducting public speaking whenever necessary; dealing with the public
tactfully and effectively; establishing and maintaining cooperative relations
with those contacted in the course of duties; using computer applications to
assist in performing duties, e.g., word processing, spreadsheets, databases and
presentation applications; communicating clearly, concisely and effectively,
both orally and in writing; understanding and carrying out oral and written
instructions; and performing other related duties as required.

MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS:

Experience: Two years of experience in environmental science, physical science,
engineering, or a related field.

Experience in integrated solid waste programs, waste management, resource
management and regulations, ecosystems improvements, or a related field is
highly desirable.

Training: Graduation from an accredited college or university with a Bachelor's
degree or higher, with major coursework in environmental investigations,
preferably in the area of biology, engineering, civil and/or environmental
engineering, environmental science or a related field.

License or Certificates: Possession of, or ability to obtain, an appropriate,
valid California driver license.

Apply online at www.ci.oceanside.ca.us. APPLICATION DEAD

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              377 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                      Antioch New England Graduate School

                                 40 Avon Street
                                Keene,  NH 03431
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (603) 357-3122x202
FAX: (603) 357-0718
URL: www.antiochne.edu

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 175

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   In October 2005, ANEI received a fifteen-month, $100,000 grant from the USDA
to develop and implement a recycling-based, integrated, solid-waste, management
program for Sullivan County, New Hampshire. ANEI is the nonprofit,
community-consulting arm of Antioch University New England based in Keene, NH.
ANEI's grant is complemented by a two-year, $90,000 grant that RCAP Solutions
received from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency to improve solid- waste
disposal in Sullivan County, NH.  Under the grant, ANEI will develop a
long-term, recycling-based, integrated, waste-management program and implement
select, innovative, pilot programs to field test their feasibility. This
approach will help ensure that Sullivan County towns have realistic projections
of how much waste can be diverted and experience implementing these
cost-effective programs. The recycling-based, integrated, waste-management plan
will emphasize reducing the volume and toxicity of waste through recycling,
waste reduction, reuse, composting, proper management of household, hazardous
waste and residuals. The plan will explore economic-development opportunities
that promote partnerships in managing waste across the public/private divide.
The plan will strive to maximize job-creation opportunities through collection,
processing, and re-manufacturing of recyclable and compostable materials.  If
you have questions or concerns regarding the Sullivan County, Solid-Waste,
Management Program you can contact its Project

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              378 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            May 20, 2015, Wednesday

Solid Waste Authority mulls how to pay for new facility

BYLINE: Rusty Marks, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P8A

LENGTH: 488 words


Now that demolition is almost complete at Charleston's Slack Street recycling
center, Kanawha County solid waste officials are trying to figure out how to pay
for a new facility.

Members of the Kanawha County Solid Waste Authority's governing board want to
get a low-interest loan through the West Virginia Solid Waste Management Board,
but the Solid Waste Authority doesn't really have anything to offer as
collateral. When private businessman George Hunyadi pulled out of the recycling
center last year, he took most of the equipment with him. Hunyadi had been
running the recycling center under a lease agreement with the Solid Waste
Authority.

But West Virginia Solid Waste Management Board Executive Director Mark Holstine
told members of the Solid Waste Authority at a regular meeting Tuesday that the
lack of physical collateral might not be as big a hurdle as local solid waste
officials fear.

Holstine advised the solid waste board that they could provide state officials
with plans and blueprints for the facility they want to build, have an appraiser
determine what the facility would be worth once it's finished, and use that as
collateral to help secure a loan.

"That's what you'd do if you were going to get a private loan, Holstine said.

Once state officials have a better idea what the Solid Waste Authority wants to
do and how much the finished facility will be worth, they'll be able to figure
out if they can give the Solid Waste Authority a loan for the entire amount of
the facility or whether local officials will have to get additional funding
somewhere else, Holstine said.

Also Tuesday, members of the Solid Waste Authority board voted to apply for a
grant through the Division of Environmental Protection's REAP program. Under the
program, the Solid Waste Authority can ask for up to $150,000 for equipment for
the facility. The Kanawha County Commission can ask for an additional $100,000.

James Young, executive director of the Solid Waste Authority, said the authority
needs a sort line, a conveyor, a materials baler and a commercial roll off truck
to get a recycling center back up and running.

Recycling has been all but crippled in Kanawha County since Hunyadi pulled out
of the center late last year. Solid Waste officials are currently sending
recycling to Raleigh County or Nitro.

Solid Waste officials need to get some kind of sorting and baling facility back
up and running to start generating revenue again. In April, the Solid Waste
Authority had about $14,000 in income, but spent about $27,000.

Dave Armstrong, the Kanawha County Commission's representative on the Solid
Waste Authority board, suggested putting up some kind of temporary structure to
begin baling again.

"I'm saying we start small and work bigger, he said. "I don't want to go out
here and buy the farm when we can only garden part of it.

Reach Rusty Marks at rustymarks@wvgazette.com, 304-348-1215 or follow
@rusty_marks on Twitter.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Charleston Newspapers


                              379 of 995 DOCUMENTS

              Copyright (c) 2000 Stetson University College of Law
                               Stetson Law Review

                                  Winter, 2000

                             29 Stetson L. Rev. 910

LENGTH: 845 words

RECENT DEVELOPMENT*: Municipal Authority: Notice & Hearing - Solid Waste: Emmons
v. City of Arcade, 270 Ga. 196; 507 S.E.2d 464 (Ga. 1998)



- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Footnotes - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -


   * Decisions editorially summarized as nationally reported through November
1999. Our editorial summaries in this digest format will emphasize subjects of
direct interest to municipal corporation and local government entity
practitioners and academics. Citation style has been adapted for these purposes.
For information about a case's procedure, pleadings, and other subjects, you
should read the case directly.


- - - - - - - - - - - - End Footnotes- - - - - - - - - - - - - -

NAME: Jeffrey D. Ryan and John Fagan

LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ...  A city violated Georgia law by failing to give proper notice of a meeting
where it made a siting decision for a municipal waste disposal facility. Because
there was no other adequate remedy, an injunction was proper. ... In violation
of the statute that required at least one public meeting to review solid waste
needs and to delineate the solid waste decision making process, this city jumped
to a decision motivated by revenue only and reached without a public hearing.
... The Georgia Supreme Court viewed the issue of whether a city's annexation of
land could begin the selection process for a site for a municipal solid waste
disposal facility under GA. CODE ANN. ... The city was aware that the land was
being considered by the private developer as a possible site for a landfill. ...
Although the EPD generally could grant an adequate remedy at law (i.e., solid
waste) within its administrative review and appellate powers, it could not
address procedural due process violations that arose in these facts. ... Florida
law has not discussed the problems a municipality can face when selecting a site
for a waste disposal facility. ...  Furthermore, there is no provision under
Florida law requiring notice when a municipality has made a siting decision for
a waste disposal facility. ...

TEXT:
 [*910]  A city violated Georgia law by failing to give proper notice of a
meeting where it made a siting decision for a municipal waste disposal facility.
Because there was no other adequate remedy, an injunction was proper.

FACTS

   In violation of the statute that required at least one public meeting to
review solid waste needs and to delineate the solid waste decision making
process, this city jumped to a decision motivated by revenue only and reached
without a public hearing.

   The superior court found that the city violated GA. CODE ANN. § 12-8-26
(1999) and declared the contract between the city and Bartram Environmental,
Inc. void. It also enjoined the city from  [*911]  taking action in furtherance
of the decision that would violate § 12-8-26.

   The court of appeals affirmed the decision to invalidate the contract.
However, the decision to grant the injunction was reversed, based upon the
superior court's lack of jurisdiction. Since the statute placed permitting
authority upon the Director of the Environmental Protection Division of the
Georgia Department of Natural Resources (EPD), only that agency possessed
jurisdictional authority for public remedies.

   The Georgia Supreme Court viewed the issue of whether a city's annexation of
land could begin the selection process for a site for a municipal solid waste
disposal facility under GA. CODE ANN. § 12-8-26(a). Also, the court decided
whether the superior court had jurisdiction to enjoin the city for a violation
of § 12-8-26 of the Solid Waste Management Act. In summary, the issue was
whether the city was beginning the process to select a site.

COURT'S ANALYSIS

   To be in compliance with § 12-8-26(a) of the Solid Waste Management Act, the
site selection process of a solid waste disposal facility requires a public
meeting. This requirement applies in cases where the permit applicant is a
private developer applying for a privately owned and operated facility that lies
within a municipality. The municipality must be acting for, or in collaboration
with the developer in beginning the process to select a site.

   In the present case, the city of Arcade was cooperating with the developer,
Bartram. The city council failed to properly publish notice of either meeting.
Therefore, Justice Hines, writing for the court, found the city council violated
the Solid Waste Management Act, and granted injunctive relief.

   The city was aware that the land was being considered by the private
developer as a possible site for a landfill. The city was also aware that if the
landfill was located within Arcade, the city stood to amass significant revenue
as the host local government under § 12-8-39. At the city council meeting, the
city annexed the property for this very benefit. See City of Arcade v. Emmons,
494 S.E.2d 186 (1997).

   Although the EPD generally could grant an adequate remedy at law (i.e., solid
waste) within its administrative review and appellate powers, it could not
address procedural due process violations that arose in these facts. However,
the Georgia Code provides compensation to those "aggrieved or adversely affected
by any order or  [*912]  action of the director." GA. CODE ANN. § 12-8-26. Since
the city council's action did not comply with notice requirements, the city's
decision was flawed, causing Emmons and the citizens to be aggrieved and without
an adequate remedy; therefore, only the superior court possessed jurisdiction to
provide an adequate remedy by issuing an injunction. The court reasoned that the
superior court was authorized to enforce its ruling by enjoining the city from
attempting to circumvent the court's order.

   Finally, since the injunction was not permanent, the court called for a redo
of the siting proceedings. They should properly follow the Solid Waste
Management Act and appropriately provide notice of all hearings.

COMMENTARY

   Florida law has not discussed the problems a municipality can face when
selecting a site for a waste disposal facility. In fact, in § 403 of the Florida
Statutes, the Florida legislature failed to address the requirements that a
municipality must meet when selecting a site. See FLA. STAT. § 403.707 (1999).
Section 403.707 does not require notice if an applicant is applying for a permit
to construct or renovate a biomedical waste facility. Furthermore, there is no
provision under Florida law requiring notice when a municipality has made a
siting decision for a waste disposal facility. Thus, it does not appear that a
problem similar to the facts in this case would occur in Florida.

RESEARCH REFERENCES:
4 EUGENE McQUILLIN, COUNCIL MEETINGS -- NOTICE § 13.37.10 (3d rev. ed. 1996).

7 EUGENE McQUILLIN, MUNICIPAL POLICE POWER AND ORDINANCES -- DUMPS AND DUMPING §
24.253 (3d rev. ed. 1996).

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Contracts LawRemediesEquitable ReliefInjunctive ReliefEnvironmental LawSolid
WastesDisposal StandardsGovernmentsLocal GovernmentsBoundaries


                              380 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 19, 2014 Wednesday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Cleveland for Household
Hazardous Waste Event

LENGTH: 147  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded the City of
Cleveland a solid waste assistance grant of $21,000 that will be used by the
city for a household hazardous waste collection event on April 11, 2015.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              381 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                    Walla Walla Union-Bulletin (Washington)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 25, 2008 Tuesday

Grant sets stage for green waste recycling: A $487,500 grant will help set up a
facility for the waste at the city landfill.

BYLINE: Andy Porter, Walla Walla Union-Bulletin

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 367 words


Nov. 25--A project to recycle green waste at Sudbury Road Landfill got a big
boost Monday.

The state Department of Ecology announced the city of Walla Walla will receive a
$487,500 grant to help create a permanent facility to process organic waste. The
money is among nearly $5 million in grants announced Monday for environmental
projects statewide.

The grant was the largest award among 65 projects chosen for funding through a
competitive process. Columbia County Solid Waste will receive $60,000 to hire a
consultant to help update the county's solid waste management plans.

The money will allow the county to design and construct at the landfill an
impervious surface, which is needed to obtain a permanent operating permit to
process green waste, said Duane Cole, city manager.

"We leveled off a spot and started composting last year under a temporary
permit," Cole said today. The grant will enable the city to create a layout plan
so the facility is situated in the best spot at the landfill and then build the
solid surface needed to comply with state regulations.

The grant will also provide a recycling drop box area for non-organic recyclable
material. Both will result in about 2,500 tons of organic and recyclable waste
being diverted from the landfill, Jani Gilbert, Ecology spokeswoman, said in a
release.

"These grants give local communities the resources to move basic environmental
work to a more sustainable level. Much of the money will go to programs that
expand recycling, composting and toxics reduction efforts," said Ecology
Director Jay Manning. "A clean, green Washington is good for our public health
and our economy. These are innovative projects and we are happy to move them
forward."

Andy Porter can be reached at andyporter@wwub.com or 525-3300, ext. 282.

To see more of the Union-Bulletin or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.union-bulletin.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, Walla Walla Union-Bulletin
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081125-UN-Grant-sets-stage-for-green-waste-recycling-1125

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UN


                                 Copyright 2008


                              382 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                            January 18, 2016, Monday

Solid waste authority nearly out of money

BYLINE: Daniel Desrochers, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1A

LENGTH: 679 words


Next month, the Kanawha County Solid Waste Authority will officially be out of
money.

James Young, the executive director, has even been filling up jugs of water at
home, then bringing them to his office in a cramped trailer on Slack Street to
save money.

"We've been trying to take measures to minimize the losses every month, Young
said.

To date, the Solid Waste Authority has lost $36,951 in the 2015 fiscal year,
which ends June 30. It has effectively burned up the nest egg the authority
accumulated while a private company operated the Kanawha County recycling plant.

"We knew it wasn't going to be sustainable, Young said. "It's always been
inevitable that the funding would run out.

Currently, items that are dropped off at Slack Street are taken by Waste
Management to WV Cashin in Nitro. The authority pays $163.50 per load to Waste
Management to transport the loads and $150 per load to WV Cashin to process
them. But right now, recycling prices are so low that they're basically giving
the paper and cardboard to WV Cashin, according to Young. They only get money
back for the plastic and metal.

"It's not their fault that there's no market for recyclables right now, said
Kanawha County Commissioner Dave Hardy.

Since he took over, Young has been plugging holes in a sinking ship. Since the
authority no longer has a building where they can process recyclables, they have
to haul them to Nitro. But because the authority doesn't have a vehicle that can
carry the loads, they have to use Waste Management to do it for them. That has
led to an average loss of between $5,500 and $6,500 a month.

Young is working on that. He has applied for and received almost $200,000 in
grants over the past year and most of that has been put toward new equipment.
They're expecting a truck in late February - it's currently having a hoist
installed - that will allow them to cut the contract with Waste Management and
save around $2,000 a month.

The authority is looking at possibly taking out a loan to build a new processing
facility and has a potential lead on a building that they could purchase with
grant money, but any change to the status quo is unlikely to be seen soon.

"I'm excited about the prospects, but I'm also a realist, Hardy said. "Right now
they're still running in the red.

Losing money isn't unusual for county recycling providers. Young said that the
only county in West Virginia that consistently turns a profit on its recycling
is Greenbrier.

"To break even is really an accomplishment, Young said. "Especially to break
even without any grant dollars.

That has left the Kanawha authority scrambling to find some source of money. As
an independent state agency, the Kanawha County Commission is not responsible
for financing the authority, although they have in the past and currently
appoint two members to the authority's five-member board.

"I want to make sure that they have cut every expense that they could possibly
cut, Hardy said when asked if the Commission would think about financing.

Commission President Kent Carper was on the same page. He said that he thought
that recycling was important, but that the authority needed a new business
model.

Currently, the authority only has three employees, including Young. They are
running a bare-bones recycling program out of Slack Street, hand-sorting the
items that are brought in.

Both Hardy and Carper acknowledged the importance of the recycling program, and
since the people of Kanawha County voted to have a recycling program, they have
to figure out a way to keep the program up and running.

But in a time of budget cuts, they're worried about what that may require.

"I don't think there's any desire to subsidize them on a long-term level, Hardy
said.

Young is worried about something else: the prospect of having to shut down the
recycling program for the second time in as many years.

"Our greatest fear is that we don't want to hit the reset button and have to try
to get people back again, Young said.

Reach Daniel Desrochers at dan.desrochers@wvgazettemail.com, 304-348-4886 or
follow @drdesrochers on Twitter.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Charleston Newspapers


                              383 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          February 28, 1991, Thursday

EDUCATION BRIEFS; 2 colleges helping high school grads

SECTION: EXTRA; SECTION E; PAGE 06

LENGTH: 343 words


Spelman and Morehouse colleges are offering 1991 high school graduates and
rising seniors courses in basic English, composition and basic mathematics and
pre-calculus in a five-week program June 21-July 26.

The program is open to high school juniors and seniors who have completed at
least three years of English and mathematics through algebra, have a 2.0 grade
point average and have completed college entrance examinations (SAT, PSAT or
ACT).

The cost is $ 500 for students living off campus and $ 1,150 for students on the
Spelman and Morehouse campuses. Application deadline is May 1. To request forms,
female students should call Jacqueline Sheppard at Spelman 681-3643 extension
2171. Male students should call Weldon Jackson at Morehouse, 681-2800.

GSU SEMINAR: The Principals Center of Georgia State University will sponsor a
one-day seminar titled "Law and the School Administrator" Monday, 4 to 8 p.m.,
in the GSU North Metro Center Building J, Corporate Campus III, 1140 Hammond
Drive near Perimeter Mall. Information: 651- 2529.

ESSAY CONTEST LUNCHEON: The Metropolitan Atlanta Section of the National Council
of Negro Women will host the third annual Mary McLeod Bethune "Living the
Legacy" essay contest luncheon Saturday, at 11 a.m. at Scholars Restaurant on
the Morris Brown College campus. The contest, for local middle school students,
is in conjunction with Black History Month. Luncheon tickets are $ 15. For
information, call 524-6269.

GRANT AWARDED: Clark Atlanta University President Thomas W. Cole Jr. recently
accepted a $ 50,000 grant from Waste Management Inc. on behalf of the
Historically Black Colleges and Universities and Minority Institutions
Environmental Technology and Waste Management Consortium. The money will help
train and educate minority students in the environmental sciences and waste
management fields. The consortium last year received a five-year grant by the
U.S. Department of Energy to help develop science and technology curricula and
recruit promising students.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Chicago Bear visits his old school : Chicago Bears' defensive
lineman Richard Dent paid a surprise visit to his old school, Kirkwood
Elementary, last week. The Atlanta native's visit was arranged by First Union
Bank, which has adopted the school. First Union also donated $ 1,000 to Kirkwood
for educational purposes. / Henrietta Spearman / Staff

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                              384 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                 September 5, 2003 Friday Penn/Elkhart Edition

County leaf grant stirs up cities' opposition;
Beutter says cities should share

BYLINE: By JAMES WENSITS; Tribune Political Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 562 words


SOUTH BEND -- The Solid Waste Management District Board approved a $150,000
grant Thursday sought by St. Joseph County officials to help establish a new
leaf collection program this fall.

The request, passed 4-3, encountered strong resistance from Mishawaka Mayor
Robert C. Beutter, who first opposed the county request, then suggested that
South Bend and Mishawaka were equally deserving of cash assistance.

South Bend council member Sean Coleman, who also serves as chairman of the Solid
Waste board, joined Beutter in opposing the county's request, as did Mishawaka
council member Marsha McClure.

But three county commissioners and county council member Joseph Baldoni,
D-District H, were able to outvote the city representatives.

Beutter later speculated that vote might have gone the other way if South Bend
Mayor Stephen J. Luecke, who had a prior commitment, and New Carlisle Town Board
member Nancy Pemberton had not been absent.

Commissioner David Niezgodski, D-District 2, told board members that the money
is needed to pay for a residential education program about the new, privatized
leaf program, as well as for a partial subsidy.

According to commissioner Mark Dobson, R-District 1, the subsidy portion could
be used either to enhance South Bend's Organic Resource facility so that leaves
could be dumped there or to establish a new county facility for leaf disposal.

Beutter expressed opposition to the grant on several fronts. The Mishawaka mayor
said he feels the proposal represents a straying from the Solid Waste Management
mission of recycling waste. He also expressed concern that the public might
conclude that if the district has money to give away, "perhaps we charge too
much."

Coleman backed up Beutter, pointing out that the district has other priorities
that could be enhanced, such as the collection and recycling of computer
monitors and other electronic equipment. He also said the hazardous waste
collection program needs to be enhanced.

After the vote, Beutter suggested that South Bend receive a $150,000 grant to
help pay for its leaf collection program and that Mishawaka get $100,000 for
that purpose.

Beutter later amended his request to include all of the incorporated towns,
suggesting that the district finance grants equivalent to $1.50 per person for
all of those entities.

He based that figure on there being an estimated 100,000 county residents living
outside of South Bend and Mishawaka.

Beutter's motion got a second, but he subsequently asked that the vote be tabled
until the board's Sept. 18 meeting. He also asked that his motion, as seconded,
be left intact, needing only a vote.

"I'd like to leave the motion alive in case I'm dead," he quipped.

Mark Mehall, Solid Waste executive director, calculated after the meeting that
it would cost an estimated $245,000 on top of the county's request to distribute
funds as suggested by Beutter.

The commissioners have decided to end the county highway department's leaf
pickup program, which has been in operation for more than a decade.

It now appears that county officials are leaning toward a program involving
private waste haulers, although the final shape of that effort still has not
emerged. The leaf task force is scheduled to meet at noon today.

Staff writer James Wensits:

jwensits@sbtinfo.com

(574) 235-6353


LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2003 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              385 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 7, 2016 Wednesday

Vermont: DEC - WASTE MANAGEMENT & PREVENTION DIVISION Issues Solicitation for
"2017 SOLID WASTE IMPLEMENTATION PLAN GRANT (SWIP)"

LENGTH: 169  words

DATELINE: New York



 Montpelier: DEC - WASTE MANAGEMENT & PREVENTION DIVISION has issued requirement
for "2017 SOLID WASTE IMPLEMENTATION PLAN GRANT (SWIP)"





 Reference No.:  VT 05620



 Solicitation Type: Bid



 Description: The Department of Environmental Conservation is seeking proposals
from eligible applicants with the ability to handle the completion of projects
for collection, processing and management of household hazardous waste (HHW),
conditionally exempt generator waste (CEG), special waste, and landfill-banned
wastes consistent with requirements of the Vermont Materials Management Plan
(MMP). Solid Waste Management Entities (SWMEs) need to meet their MMP increments
for this calendar year. Up to $411,000 is available from April 15th 2017- April
15, 2018.



 Deadline for All responses: 2/1/2017 4:00 PM



 Contact Information:



          Maria Davies

 Phone: (802) 622-4022

 Fax:

 Email: maria.davies@vermont.gov



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              386 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                            December 13, 2013 Friday

Agriculture and technology professors submit successful grant proposal for
environmental project-Arkansas State University Dining Services

SECTION: IN VITRO DIAGNOSTICS; United States of America

LENGTH: 204 words



HIGHLIGHT: The Saline County Regional Solid Waste Management District (SCRSWMD)
has presented a research grant for $13,600 to Dr. Rajesh Sharma, assistant
professor of technology, and Dr. Gregory Phillips, professor of plant
biotechnology, in the College of Agriculture and Technology at Arkansas State
University in Jonesboro.


The grant was awarded to Arkansas State to develop a process that will provide
the Solid Waste District with a more environmentally sound and financially
advantageous method to properly dispose of yard waste. Sharma is the principal
investigator (PI), and Phillips is the co-PI for the project.

On behalf of the District, those announcing the grant were Shane Broadway,
director of the Arkansas Department of Higher Education; Jeff Arey, mayor of
Haskell, and SCRSWMD board chair; Lanny Fite, Saline County judge; and Michael
Grappe, SCRSWMD executive director.

The District earlier had issued a request for proposals (RFP) from all Arkansas
institutions of higher education for assistance with a project to deal with lawn
clippings and leaves in a more effective way.

The proposal from A-State, the only one submitted, calls for development of a
technique for combining lawn waste and a fertilized slurry adhesive material
into a product that is usable as fertilizer, mulch for erosion control, and
other lawn care applications.

The researchers, who will involve students in the study, will submit their
findings within one year. Their research and an accompanying product manual will
become property of the Solid Waste District.



LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              387 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          The Joplin Globe (Missouri)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 28, 2012 Friday

Carthage City Council opposes change in solid waste law

BYLINE: Susan Redden, The Joplin Globe, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 352 words


Dec. 28--CARTHAGE, Mo. -- Carthage will ask its local lawmakers to oppose a bill
that would eliminate the regional organizations that recommend the allocation of
state funds for waste reduction projects.

The Carthage City Council on Thursday voted to oppose Senate Bill 13, one of
several measures that have been pre-filed for the legislative session that
begins Jan. 9.

The measure would eliminate solid waste management districts and let the
Missouri Department of Natural Resources decide on the allocation of state funds
for projects to reduce the amount of waste that goes into landfills.

The action was based on a recommendation from the council's public works
committee and at the request of officials of the Region M Solid Waste District,
which includes Jasper, Newton, McDonald, Vernon and Barton counties. The
district currently is the third largest recipient in the state of money from the
program.

Money via the districts comes from landfill tipping fees, which also would be
reduced under the measure. Carthage has been successful in seeking grants via
the district that have been used to help operate the city's recycling center.

In other action, the council approved a recommendation from the council's public
services committee to authorize Fire Chief Chris Thompson to proceed with a
grant program that would allow the installation of six dry hydrants outside of
the city, but within the Carthage Fire District.

Members also approved Mayor Mike Harris' reappointment of David Enke to the
city's planning, zoning and historic preservation commission.

The council held its meeting on Thursday instead of Tuesday, which was Christmas
day.

Incoming, outgoing

Also during the meeting, Mayor Mike Harris and Police Chief Greg Dagnan
presented a plaque of appreciation to Capt. Randee Kaiser, who is leaving the
Carthage Police Department to become the sheriff of Jasper County. The two also
participated in ceremonies to swear in Jordan Macy as a new city police officer.

___ (c)2012 The Joplin Globe (Joplin, Mo.) Visit The Joplin Globe (Joplin, Mo.)
at www.joplinglobe.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121228-JL-Carthage-City-Council-opposes-change-in-solid-waste
-law-1228-20121228

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JL


                        Copyright 2012 The Joplin Globe


                              388 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               March 22, 2004 Monday Five Star Late Lift Edition

COUNTY UNDERUSES FUND FROM WASTE FEE, AUDITOR SAYS/ ALL REQUESTS ARE FILLED,
OFFICIAL SAYS

BYLINE: Phil Sutin/ Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: WEST POST; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 509 words


St. Louis County is not taking full advantage of a tipping-fee surcharge that
was intended to reduce waste and promote recycling, an audit indicates.

County health officials underestimate the revenue they may receive from the fee
and have been slow to spend the money, County Auditor Mark Burchyett says in his
recent audit of the waste-management section.

The county received $2,033,795 from the fee last year, or 23.19 percent more
than estimated, he says. The previous year, the county received $2,015,055, or
22.05 percent more than estimated.

The county levies a 5 percent surcharge on tipping fees that trash haulers pay
to landfills in the county. The county has been collecting the surcharge since
1992.

An ordinance specifies how the waste-management section can use the fee revenue,
including percentages of the amount the section should use to reduce waste,
promote recycling and finance its operations.

"No monies from the surcharge are ever lost," Russell Sharpmack, manager of the
solid waste program, said in a statement replying to the audit. "Unspent monies
roll over to the solid-waste fund balance. These dollars are to be appropriated
by the County Council when needed for program requirements."

Last year, the section's budget appropriated $1.2 million for grants to
municipalities and projects in the unincorporated area for waste reduction and
recycling. It spent $511,080, or 42.6 percent of the total.

"We did not underspend," Sharpmack said. "We funded all grant requests
received."

He said eight municipalities had received grants last year. He said an
application from University City was pending.

In the audit report, Burchyett said the council should consider changing the
allocations in the ordinance if they no longer fit needs. The county response in
the audit noted that the county had hired a consultant to help it revise the
waste-management plan.

On other matters, Burchyett said the section did not always inspect
trash-hauling vehicles and mobile waste containers when it licensed them.

"This could result in defective vehicles and equipment being utilized by waste
haulers," the audit report said.

The county checks vehicles for leaks, rust and proper securing and tarping of
loads. Inspectors also want to make sure the county license is in a proper,
conspicuous place.

Sharpmack said the county conducted "a quarterly hauler blitz," when inspectors
made surprise inspections of haulers' vehicles while they were at landfills.

The vehicles also are subject to state safety inspections.

The audit report quoted a section of the Waste Management Code requiring haulers
to tell customers every six months that they could arrange for curbside pickup
of recycled material. The hauler also has to disclose the cost and the system
for sorting the materials.

Burchyett said the section had no way to determine whether haulers followed the
requirement. Sharpmack said the regulations did not require haulers to submit
data on whether they provided the recycling information.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: Reporter Phil Sutin/ E-mail: psutin@post-dispatch.com/ Phone:
314-863-2812

                  Copyright 2004 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              389 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                        Tribune-Review (Greensburg, PA)

                           December 22, 2007 Saturday

Indiana County, borough get recycling grants

BYLINE: The Tribune-Review

LENGTH: 143 words


Two recycling programs in Indiana County are in line for grants from the state
Department of Environmental Protection in the latest round of reimbursements.

Indiana Borough was awarded $52,656 to enhance the community's curbside yard
waste-collection program and purchase additional curbside recycling containers.

Indiana County Solid Waste Authority was awarded $322,083 to sustain and enhance
the recycling programs conducted at the county recycling center.

The Recycling Development and Implementation Grant Program reimburses local
governments, councils of government, consortiums and solid-waste authorities for
the cost of municipal recycling and composting programs.

Pennsylvania's recycling program, created under Act 101 of 1988, mandates
recycling in the state's larger municipalities and requires counties to develop
municipal waste management plan.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2007 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              390 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            June 24, 2015 Wednesday

Govt to woo civic bodies with special grants

SECTION: KOLHAPUR

LENGTH: 533 words


KOLHAPUR: The state urban development department (UDD) is planning to provide
special grants to the civic bodies showing positive results during the Swachh
Maharashtra Abhiyan.

The department also considering making it mandatory for the municipal
corporations and municipal councils across the state to reveal the results for
availing grants under the 14{+t}{+h} Finance Commission.

Manisha Patankar- Mhaiskar, nodal officer of Swachh Maharashtra Abhiyan (SMA)
and secretary of UDD, during her recent visit to the city indicated that the
government is determined to make SMA successful and the civic bodies ignoring
the mission may suffer losses of grants.

The 14{+t}{+h} Finance Commission has recommended basic grants worth Rs 69,715
crore and Rs 17,428 crore as a performance grant. Mhaiskar indicated that
municipal corporations may lose the performance grant if they fail to implement
SMA successfully.

Mhaiskar said the government is considering the proposals to boost the best
working civic bodies in the state. "These grants can be made available through
the state and the Union governments. But at the same time, we are also
considering providing grants to those who are performing," she said.

There are 26 municipal corporations and 265 urban civic bodies in the state
which are part of SMA (urban). The UDD has asked these bodies to focus on toilet
construction, solid waste management and encouraging people on the cleanliness
campaign.

The department has also asked the civic bodies to prepare sanitation plans and
assured them of immediate financial support for toilet construction, solid waste
management projects and sewage treatment plants.

"I think it is necessary. I don't think civic bodies are inclined to work for
better sanitation. When I implemented 100% open defecation-free campaign in
Panhala taluka, I observed that the officers were reluctant initially. There was
meagre support from the elected members. They would start working only if we
push them to the wall and warn them of losing funds," Bharat Patil, a state
sanitation committee member and campaigner for 100% toilet mission, told TOI.

"Kolhapur is religious city and so is Jotiba gram panchayat. More than 20,000
people visit these places daily and we do not have ample amount of toilets at
both the places. Such places will not become clean unless we link everything to
the elected bodies' performance in the cleanliness campaign," Patil added.The
cleanliness drive

* Union government launched Swachh Bharat Abhiyan on October 2, 2014

* The state government launched the initiative on May 15, 2015

* The Centre has formed committees to monitor state-level progress of the
campaign

* The urban development department is the nodal agency to implement the mission
in municipal areas

* As per the Union government's guidelines, the state is arranging
divisional-level capacity building programmes for the elected members and
officers of civic bodies

Urban scenario in Maharashtra

* 5,08,27,531: Urban population

* 45.23% population lives in cities and towns

* 1,08,13,928 families in urban areas

* 29% of the families do not have personal toilets

* 27% of the families forced to defecate in the open

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              391 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                             March 24, 2017 Friday

Solid Waste Management Sector Project

LENGTH: 198  words


Project Status:Pipeline
Sector / Subsector: Water and other urban infrastructure and services
- Waste management
Timetable: Concept Clearance 30 Jun 2012
Fact Finding 31 Jul 2014
to 08 Aug 2014
MRM 15 Aug 2014
Last PDS Update 19 Mar 2013
Source of Funding / Amount:Grant: Solid Waste Management Sector ProjectUrban
Environmental Infrastructure Fund under the Urban Financing Partnership
FacilityUS$ 2.00millionLoan: Solid Waste Management Sector ProjectOrdinary
capital resourcesUS$ 70.00million
Outcome: Efficient management of solid waste by the participating LGUs.


Description of Project Outputs
Solid waste management plans at LGU levels prepared
Investment programs for solid waste management facilities completed
Project management and institutional capacity improved
Project completion date : 2018-12-30 12:00:00
Major organization : ASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK (ADB)

Address : 6 ADB Avenue,
Mandaluyong City 1550,
Philippines

Country :Philippines
Url : https://www.adb.org /

Financier : ASIAN DEVELOPMENT BANK (ADB),

Financier address : Asian Development Bank (ADB),
Southeast Asia Department,
Urban Development and Water Division, SERD,
Responsible ADB Officer:Tansengco-Schapero, Stella

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2017 Tenders Info
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              392 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

              September 19, 1996, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

STUDY URGES PERMANENT CENTER FOR COLLECTING HAZARDOUS WASTE

BYLINE: Phil Sutin Of The Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: ZONE NORTH; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 348 words


The St. Louis area should have a permanent collection center for household
hazardous waste, a study says. Officials would have to find a way to pay for
building and operating it.

The recommendation came recently from a study by a task force of Conflu ence St.
Louis, commissioned by St. Louis County. The study also said the area should
have at least one mobile collection unit. The study did not suggest a site for
the permanent collection center.

Household hazardous waste includes leftovers of products that are flammable,
explosive, corrosive or toxic. Some cleaning materials and used motor oil are
common household hazardous waste.

Collection drives are virtually the only way residents can get rid of household
hazardous waste without risking their safety or the environment's. Because of
the cost - sometimes exceeding $ 100,000 each - an area may be included in a
drive only once every two or three years.

Confluence St. Louis' study estimated the area would need to spend about $
650,000 to build a collection center and to buy and equip a mobile van. The
collection system would cost $ 710,000 a year to operate. Part of that money
would pay for teaching the public to recognize and properly dispose of household
hazardous waste, the study said.

Money would have to come from government sources and private grants, the study
said. Officials could seek money for building the center from state
waste-reduction grants and from the St. Louis-Jefferson Solid Waste Management
District, the study said. Private grants or in-kind contributions may be
available, the study said.

Counties and the city of St. Louis could pay for operating costs out of their
general revenue budgets, a tax or special fee, the study said. Confluence St.
Louis, however, recommended against a tax. "The closer the funding source can be
tied to (household hazardous waste) and solid waste management, the more
accepting the public will be of the program," the study said.

Officials unsuccessfully sought a $ 77,500 state grant to hire a program manager
to act on the recommendations.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1996 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              393 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 26, 2014 Monday

BRIEF: Waste district sets up recycling grant sessions

BYLINE: The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 130 words


May 26--The Ottawa-Sandusky-Seneca Solid Waste Management District will host an
informational meeting at 10 a.m. Wednesday for people interested in applying for
recycling-program grants.

Potential applicants must attend the meeting in the OSS Solid Waste District
office at 1875 E. State St., Fremont before submitting applications. Grants must
be used to establish recycling programs in educational institutions, cities,
townships, and villages or for nonprofit organizations.

Applicants may register by calling 419-334-7222 or 1-888-850-7224, or by email
to Amy Drummer at ad@recycleoss.org More information on a guidelines can be
found at recycleoss.net.

___ (c)2014 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140526-TO-BRF-Waste-district-sets-up-recycling-grant
-sessions-0526-20140526

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2014 The Blade


                              394 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            August 2, 2012, Thursday

Recycling could go private;
With funding drying up, authority sees few other options

BYLINE: Rusty Marks, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1A

LENGTH: 620 words


The Kanawha County Solid Waste Authority is inching toward privatizing the
county's recycling program.

"Without public funding, we cannot build a facility," Solid Waste Authority
board member Rod Watkins said at an emergency meeting of the board on Wednesday.

"To me, our only answer is working hand-in-hand with the private sector."

In March, the solid waste board voted to shut down the Solid Waste Authority's
recycling sorting facility on Slack Street because of safety concerns in the
100-year-old building that houses the equipment. The board has since reopened
Slack Street as a drop-off point for the public with reduced hours, but
abandoning the facility's baling and sorting equipment has crippled efforts to
collect and sell recyclable materials.

Outgoing Solid Waste Authority Director Norm Steenstra said revenues have been
slashed by more than half since the initial closure. Cities that used to bring
their recycling to Slack Street made other arrangements and are taking their
materials to Nitro or Beckley, and the solid waste board recently fired half of
the staff at Slack Street.

Steenstra himself is resigning effective Sept. 26.

With revenue slowing to a trickle and no significant funding from local or state
government on the horizon to dig the authority out of its financial hole, board
members said Wednesday they're running out of options.

"We're at Ground Zero," said board member Kasey Russell. "We have no plan.

"We have a blank sheet of paper, so let's make a plan."

Russell said she has already spoken with officials for garbage haulers Waste
Management to see if they might be interested in picking up recyclables in
unincorporated parts of the county. Waste Management officials have not wanted
to pick up the materials in the past because they said there wasn't enough
participation in recycling, but Russell said they might be interested now if
enough county residents can be convinced to recycle to make it worth Waste
Management's time and expense.

Board member Greg Sayre, a lobbyist for recyclers and garbage haulers who also
works for West Virginia Cashin Recyclables in Nitro, said haulers and processors
of recyclables would have to see an advantage to taking over recycling duties
for the Solid Waste Authority.

"You have two parts to the private sector," he said. "You have the part that
collects and the part that processes, and they're not always the same people."

Sayre and other board members want to have a meeting with private haulers and
recyclers to see if privatizing the recycling program is an option.

Meanwhile, solid waste officials are trying to keep the program afloat. On
Wednesday, the board voted to apply for a state grant to allow them to keep
collecting electronics at Slack Street.

Hours at the Slack Street drop-off center have again been reduced, with the
center open from 7:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. Monday through Friday. "That will save
an hour a day, as far as paying someone," said Steenstra. He said Saturday hours
would remain the same.

Also Wednesday, the board appointed Solid Waste Authority business manager
Jeannie Gunter as interim director to replace Steenstra. The board directed
Steenstra to spend his remaining time with the authority determining the costs
to tear down the century-old building.

Steenstra said there is probably asbestos on the roof of the structure, which
used to be a power plant. The site may also be contaminated with PCBs.

The solid waste board has considered moving to several different sites around
the county, but have come to the conclusion that remaining on Slack Street makes
the most sense if money can be found to tear down the old building and put up a
new facility.

Reach Rusty Marks at rustymarks@wvgazette.com

or 304-348-1215.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Charleston Newspapers


                              395 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            Waterloo Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 8, 2010 Wednesday

Grants awarded from landfill profits

BYLINE: Tim Jamison, Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 361 words


Dec. 08--WATERLOO, Iowa -- A Black Hawk County board is trying to recycle
landfill profits into assistance for those in need.

Members of the county's Solid Waste Funds Allocation Board voted Monday to
recommend a spending plan for $175,765 in excess landfill revenue the county
Board of Supervisors has earmarked as grants for nonprofit social service
agencies and programs.

Board members focused on programs that directly helped those in desperate
situations, such as the Northeast Iowa Food Bank, Operation Threshold and
Society of St. Vincent de Paul, to whittle down the $434,000 in requests for the
available grant funds.

In the current economic climate, board members noted there was a strong demand
for that help.

"In looking at the budgets (of applicants) a lot of them were trying to replace
losses elsewhere (in their budgets) with what they got here," said board member
Jerome Amos.

Requests for equipment, brick-and-mortar building projects and administrative
overhead for those agencies were quickly discarded from consideration.

Many of the agencies recommended to receive grants in the coming 2011-12 fiscal
year were also awarded grants in the current year.

The county Board of Supervisors ultimately will vote to decide whether to follow
the committee's recommendation or make adjustments in the spending plan.

The county has been receiving a share of some $2 million annually returned by
the county's Solid Waste Management Commission for the past eight years.

Commission members noted last month they may need to start scaling back or
eliminating those payments in the future as its cash reserves have started to
decline more rapidly than expected. Any awards approved by the allocation board
and supervisors would be contingent upon the county actually receiving the
landfill funding next year.

To see more of the Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.wcfcourier.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Waterloo-Cedar
Falls Courier, Iowa Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101208-OO-HLT-Grants-awarded-from-landfill-profits-1208-20101208

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OO


                        Copyright 2010 Waterloo Courier


                              396 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      July 26, 1985, Friday, Final Edition

Radio;
NPR Gets Grant for News Show

BYLINE: By Jacqueline Trescott, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Style; D7

LENGTH: 991 words


Two days after the National Public Radio board voted last week to continue
weekend broadcasts of "All Things Considered," the struggling network received a
$100,000 grant from Waste Management Inc. for the news show. The grant will
enable NPR to lower the one-year fees its stations had pledged for the program
and perhaps enlist more stations to take the weekend show.

In the spring, at the suggestion of its member stations, NPR drew up a fee
schedule to determine whether enough stations were willing to pay for weekend
"ATC," as well as for other arts and performance programs for the next year. The
Corporation for Public Broadcasting had announced earlier that it could give NPR
1.3 million in fiscal 1986 but NPR felt that amount would not cover the two
services. Last week the NPR board announced that a combination of station fees
and outside underwriters would enable them to continue the services. With the
Waste Management grant NPR now has about $450,000 of the $500,000 estimated
budget for the news program, which attracts 800,000 listeners each week. In the
arts and performance area, NPR said 217 stations had pledged $340,000 of the
$661,000 needed. The network said it would continue to solicit funds from
private donors for these programs, which are used by 98 percent of public radio
stations.

Let's Get Personal

Starting Aug. 4, WHFS-FM (99.1) plans to read "personal" notices submitted by
listeners from 10 p.m. to 4 a.m., the Annapolis outlet announced this week.
Around the country dating talk shows have cropped up in recent years but
industry observers don't recall a station running a paid service similar to the
"In Search of" ads in Washingtonian magazine and similar publications. In a
recent survey of its listeners, WHFS found that 93 percent of its audience is
between 18 and 34 years of age, and 55 percent of its audience is single. The
station is asking that "personals" be 75 words or less and will charge $50 for
four consecutive nights of readings.

Job Switches

WWDC-FM/AM (101.1/1260) this week gave three employes additional duties: Dave
Brown, an announcer on the AM/FM and music director for FM, is now also vice
president for programming; B.J. Cohen, promotions director for AM and FM, is now
also assistant program director for FM; Bill Scanlan, production director for AM
and FM, is now also assistant program director for AM . . .Bill Cellers, most
recently of Wheeling, W.Va., joins WPKX-FM (105.9) from midnight to 5:30 a.m. .
. .  David Creagh, an NPR board member who is the former manager of a Long
Beach, Calif., public station, has been named general manager of WJHU-FM at
Johns Hopkins University.

Park Sounds

Every Tuesday and Wednesday until Aug. 14 WDJY-FM (100.3) is participating in
the D.C. Recreation Department's "Munch a Lunch" live music series at noon,
giving away T-shirts, soft drinks and bumper stickers. On Tuesdays: Pershing
Park, 14th and E streets NW, and Wednesdays: McPherson Square, 15th and K
streets NW.

'Spirits' to Continue

The training workshop that has produced "Spirits Known and Unknown" for WAMU-FM
(88.5) for the last 14 years will continue despite the reduction of the Saturday
show to 30 minutes of news and information. As many as 300 people have
participated in the production workshops, which are believed to be unique in
broadcasting. "The station cut back the music portion because our numbers showed
we weren't competing well against WPFW and WDCU," said David Muse, the show's
host for the last four years. "And also it didn't go with the rest of the
station's format." WAMU has said it plans to increase technical and personnel
assistance to the show, which now starts at 5:30 p.m.

So Others Might Eat

Trumbull and Core of WMAL-AM (630) raised $15,000 in four hours for the So
Others Might Eat senior citizen camp . . .  WOL-AM (1450) and a host of record
executives and colleagues, raised $10,000 for Al Jefferson, longtime promoter
who is retiring. The annual celebrity softball game between WMAL and WDVM
(Channel 9) raised $2,000 for the Latin America Youth Center; WMAL won 22-12 . .
.  Gary Murphy and Carol Parker of WRQX-FM (107.3) helped raise $1,200 for the
Sunshine Foundation recently.

Gospel Editorial

Joining the staff of WUST-AM (1120) is the Rev. Imagene Stewart, founder and
director of the House of Imagene, a women's shelter, and national chairwoman of
the American Women's Clergy Association. Her two-minute comments start Thursday
and will be aired daily at 9:15 a.m. Lavern Jackson, the station manager, said
Stewart was selected to provide a nonpartisan view of local issues. The station
already carries a report from D.C. City Council Chairman David Clarke and a
report from Mayor Marion Barry's press office.

Dance Card Requests

WKYS-FM (93.9) is cosponsoring Family Fun Day tomorrow on the Washington
Monument grounds. At 2 p.m. there will be a "Putting on the Hits" contest for
look-alikes and dance-alikes of the famous . . .  Gary Alan of WASH-FM (97.1)
will host the Turtles and Gary Lewis at Wild World tomorrow at 5 and 7:30 p.m .
. .  WBMW-FM (106.7) will present a check for $20,000 from the ticket sales of
the Rick Springfield concert tomorrow at Constitution Hall at 8 p.m. to Students
Against Drunk Driving of the Fairfax County area . . .  WMDO-AM (1540) will
broadcast from the Hispanic Festival along Columbia Road NW Sunday, sporadically
from 1 to 3 p.m. and continuously from 3 to 7 p.m. . . . Trumbull and Core will
be broadcasting live from the Redskins' training camp at Carlisle, Pa., Tuesday
beginning at 3:05 p.m. . . .  WWDC-FM and its mad morning man, Greaseman, will
do a remote Thursday from the Hyatt Regency on Capitol Hill from 6 a.m. to 10
a.m. . . .  For a discussion of safety on the Potomac River, Jim London and Mary
Ball of WMZQ-FM/AM (98.7/1390) will broadcast from Great Falls Park in Virginia
Friday from 5 to 10 a.m.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1985 The Washington Post


                              397 of 995 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                             August 30, 2013 Friday

New Details Emerge About Incinerator Deal

BYLINE: Ad Crable

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 833  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Staff Writer

acrable@lnpnews.com

The county waste authority approved agreements Thursday to purchase Harrisburg's
troubled, debt-ridden, trash-burning incinerator for $130.7 million.

The sale, which could be finalized on Nov. 18, would give an expanding Lancaster
County an environmentally sound way to dispose of its trash for decades to come.

It would also make the Lancaster County Solid Waste Management Authority the
largest regional trash authority in Pennsylvania.

"This deal is a great deal for Lancaster in that we're getting 100,000-plus tons
of processing capacity here and we're going to be several million dollars cash
flow-positive each year," said James Warner, authority CEO.

"It's a very healthy business plan and we see no risk to our Lancaster County
assets and rates."

Buying Harrisburg's trash-to-energy incinerator, known as the Harrisburg
Resource-Recovery Facility, from The Harrisburg Authority makes more sense than
the authority's previous plan to expand the county's own waste-to-energy
incinerator in Conoy Township, Warner said.

"We're purchasing capacity and making money doing so, versus building capacity
and taking on much more inherent risk."

The purchase is a key cog in Harrisburg's debt recovery plan announced earlier
this week. All the money LCSWMA would pay would go toward paying Harrisburg's
many creditors.

Though the county would pay $130.7 million for the facility, the net cost to the
authority would be $114.7 million as the authority would get $16 million back in
a state grant and from the Harrisburg Authority.

Some $8 million would come through the Governor's Office of the Budget for a
grant for regional economic and civic improvements. The money would be used for
capital improvements to the incinerator.

A financial plan to help Harrisburg get out of debt is before a Commonwealth
Court judge.

Warner anticipates Judge Bonnie Leadbetter will approve the sale after a public
hearing is held on Sept. 19. A 30-day period in which the sale could be
challenged follows.

Following securing of bonds to finance the deal, the authority hopes to take
ownership of the incinerator on Nov. 18.

The authority already has picked a new name: the Susquehanna Resource Management
Complex, and would immediately send six new employees to the facility.

On Thursday, the LCSWMA board, which visited the Harrisburg incinerator for the
first time on Aug. 16, approved seven agreements.

The agreements are with The Harrisburg Authority, Dauphin County, City of
Harrisburg and Columbia Borough. They include financial arrangements that
detail, for the first time, the long-negotiated incinerator sale. They are:

nDauphin County designates LCSWMA to manage all municipal waste generated in the
county for the next 20 years and guarantees minimum revenues per year.

Highspire Borough and Swatara Township, which currently take their trash to York
County, would have to use the incinerator when their contracts expire in 2016.

Dauphin County has agreed to a graduated fee for trash haulers. It would be
increased by $2.91 per ton, starting in January.

Dauphin County Commissioners are expected to approve the agreement in September.

nA similar arrangement would be made with the City of Harrisburg, also for 20
years and with a guarantee to deliver at least 35,000 tons of municipal waste
per year. Trash hauling, or tipping, fees for haulers would be lowered from the
current $200 a ton to $190 a ton through 2019, then raised to $195 per ton.

City Council is expected to approve the deal in September.

nElectricity generated at the Harrisburg incinerator would be purchased by the
state Department of General Services. Since it is against state law for the
authority to sell electricity generated at the incinerator directly to an entity
that doesn't resell it, LCSWMA would hire Columbia for $50,000 a year to be the
conduit.

nAfter 20 years, LCSWMA has the option of continuing to manage waste at the
incinerator.

Combined, the 20-year waste delivery agreements with Dauphin County and the City
of Harrisburg, plus the electric contract, guarantees 82 percent of revenues for
the project, Warner noted.

Other solid sources of revenue are expected to come from recovery of ferrous
metals and disposal of municipal waste from other areas, such as Cumberland and
Perry counties.

Warner said the authority would pump $16 million into improvements to the
Harrisburg incinerator and the site within the first five years and $43 million
over 20 years.

"We're going to make the facility more efficient, both from an operating
standpoint and from a customer experience standpoint. We're going to make
extensive upgrades to how the site looks."

Ash from the Harrisburg incinerator initially would be transported and buried at
LCSWMA's Frey Farm Landfill in Manor Township. Long-range plans are to expand
the ash landfill at the Harrisburg site.

Warner said the Harrisburg incinerator purchase would make it less likely that
trash-hauling fees for Lancaster County haulers would see an increase any time
soon.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Lancaster County Solid Waste Management Authority This Is The
Harrisburg Trash-Burning Incinerator The Lancaster County Solid Waste Management
Authority Is Purchasing For $130.7 Million.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              398 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 4, 2015 Thursday

Mississippi: MDEQ Awards Solid Waste Assistance Grant to Hancock County SWMA

LENGTH: 152  words

DATELINE: Jackson


Department of Environmental Quality, The State of Mississippi has issued the
following news release:

The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality (MDEQ) awarded the Hancock
County Regional Solid Waste Management Authority a solid waste assistance grant
of $15,000 that will be used by the authority for enforcement efforts to combat
illegal dumping.

Cities and counties may apply for Solid Waste Assistance Grants through the
Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality. These grants are used by local
communities for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in
hiring local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on
solid waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection
of white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              399 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       Eureka Times-Standard (California)

                            February 7, 2005 Monday

Palco may benefit from waste cleanup grants

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS

LENGTH: 368 words


Andrew Bird

The Times-Standard

EUREKA --The county's Environmental Health Division wants to secure up to
$200,000 in grants to pay for the cost of cleaning up a number of "nuisance dump
sites."

The Humboldt County Board of Supervisors will consider the request at its
regular meeting Tuesday, which starts at 9 a.m. inside the County Courthouse.

Environmental Health wants to apply for the grants offered by the California
Integrated Waste Management Board.

Three priority sites infested with illegal dumpings are identified in a report
to the board.

Two of the sites are on land owned by Pacific Lumber Co. and the Green Diamond
Resource Co.

Both companies have asked for grant funds, the report says.

The most urgent site is in the Garberville area, identified in the report as the
"Sawmill Road nuisance dump site" on property owned by Frances Knust.

"Solid wastes including household garbage, construction debris, scrap metal, car
bodies and an estimated 400 waste tires are located on private property," the
report says.

Palco wants grant money for "cleanup of nuisance dump sides along public roads
in the Kneeland, Stafford, Shively, McCann and Dyerville areas on private
property timberlands," the report says. "The dumped solid wastes include
household garbage, appliances, waste tires, automobile metal and electronic
wastes" such as televisions and computers, the report says.

"Grant funds would be used for solid waste cleanup, installation of security
gates and signs where they may be most effective," the report says.

Green Diamond wants grant funds "for reimbursement for cleanup of a nuisance
dump site on Fickle Hill Road known as the Holmes-Davis dump," the report says.

This site, which Green Diamond already paid to clean, "was located on private
timber property near a group of homes on Fickle Hill Road and consisted of
approximately 300 cubic yards of solid waste, including appliances, batteries,
construction debris, household garbage, waste tires and automobile debris," the
report says.

Green Diamond "implicated the residences nearby" as those responsible for the
illegal dumping, the report says. But a "responsible party ... could not be
identified."

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2005 Times - Standard


                              400 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                    The Blairsville Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 26, 2009 Friday

Indiana County seeks grant money for three projects

BYLINE: Jared Stout, The Blairsville Dispatch, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 698 words


Jun. 26--The Indiana County commissioners Wednesday approved applications for
three separate grants that could net the county more than $160,000.

The unusually short agenda for the meeting was dominated by the grants, one each
for highway safety, solid waste authority planning and storm water management
planning.

The $79,985 highway safety grant generated the most discussion because of
uncertainty about how much the county would have to pay for some of the
activities involved with the grant.

The county sheriff's department has received the grant every year since 1994 for
driving under the influence checkpoints, road patrols and underage drinking
enforcement.

While the grant covers the majority of the spending involved with those
activities, there are some subtle costs involved with pension benefits and fuel.

The commissioners were prepared to table the motion until their next meeting,
but Denny Porter, of the sheriff's office, said waiting until the next meeting
could delay when the county receives the funds, expected to be Oct. 1.

The commissioners then agreed to pass the motion, but said they would like to
know in the future how much the county is paying extra.

"I don't think in any way we want to stop this particular project from
continuing," commissioner Rod Ruddock said. "We just want to know all the
dollars that are engaged here."

The grant application related to the county solid waste authority is for $68,227
and is expected to cover about 80 percent of the costs for the authority to
update its county municipal waste management plan.

The authority is expected to develop the update within the next 14-16 months.
The update is made once every 10 years and this one will carry through until
2020.

The third grant is for $15,000 for the county to enter into a contract with the
Department of Environmental Protection for the first phase of developing a storm
water management plan for Indiana County.

The first phase consists of preparation for a scope of study for the plan. The
phase will determine the level of effort and the cost required to complete the
second phase, which involves finding solutions for flooding problems around
county waterways.

"This is something we need to get moving on," Ruddock said. "It impacts our
growth as a community."

Also at Wednesday's meeting, the commissioners approved a resolution that amends
the Keystone Opportunity Expansion Zone (KOEZ) benefits for six parcels of land
in the county.

The KOEZ program grants temporary tax-exempt status to certain properties in
order to encourage business development. The tax-exempt status was set to run
out at the end of 2010 for the six properties -- four at the Indiana County
Commerce Park, one at the Jimmy Stewart Airport and one along Route 119 near
Coral and Graceton in Center Township.

Those six properties are still undeveloped, and the amendment will temporarily
end the tax exemption until the land is developed. Provided that happens before
2015, the businesses that develop the land will then receive a 10-year period of
tax exemptions.

Jerry Richardson, of the Indiana County Office of Planning and Development, said
the commerce park and airport properties are owned by the county and have
tax-exempt status regardless, so the approval was more of a formality.

The property in Center Township, however, is privately owned and would be
affected by the change, which must still be approved by the Center Township
supervisors and Homer-Center School Board.

The commissioners also approved a resolution supporting the proposal to
designate a portion of routes 580 and 219 as a Pennsylvania Byway. The proposal
is expected to help promote tourism in the borough of Cherry Tree.

The courthouse will be closed July 3 for Independence Day.

To see more of The Blairsville Dispatch or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.pittsburghlive.com/x/blairsvilledispatch/. Copyright (c) 2009, The
Blairsville Dispatch, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services.
For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090626-DH-Indiana-County-seeks-grant-money-for-three-projects-0626

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DH


                                 Copyright 2009


                              401 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                      The Times-Tribune (Corbin, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 1, 2010 Thursday

Local cities receive grants for recycling

BYLINE: The Times-Tribune, Corbin, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 370 words


July 01--CORBIN -- London and Barbourville were among the communities that
received recycling program grants from the state.

Gov. Steve Beshear announced last week that 38 recycling and 10 household
hazardous waste grants totaling more than $3.5 million were granted to expand
recycling in Kentucky, reduce the amount of solid waste going into landfills,
and sustain the environmental management of hazardous waste from homes,
including electronic scrap and mercury.

The Kentucky Pride Fund, administered by the Energy and Environment Cabinet's
Division of Waste Management, is awarding the 48 grants  from the $1.75
collected for each ton of municipal solid waste disposed of in Kentucky
landfills.

Barbourville received $65,699 and London received $187,474 toward each city's
respective recycling efforts.

"Recycling and managing household hazardous waste play a large part in
Kentucky's efforts to go green and conserve energy statewide," Beshear stated in
a press release. "The hazardous waste grants allow homeowners to safely dispose
of chemicals and other materials that pose a threat to human health and the
environment."

"Our Commonwealth's growing interest in recycling is evident from the addition
of eight first-time recycling grant applicants," said Energy and Environment
Cabinet Secretary Len Peters.  "This program is increasing the infrastructure
that allows more Kentuckians to participate in the recycling, reduction, and
reuse of materials we have on hand, thereby reducing our need for virgin
materials and lessening our carbon footprint."

The grants require a 25 percent local match in the form of cash or "in-kind"
personnel, educational activities and materials and advertising to promote the
program from the cities or counties receiving the awards.

To see more of The Times-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetimestribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Times-Tribune, Corbin,
Ky. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100701-KB-Local-cities-receive-grants-for-recycling-20100701

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KB


                        Copyright 2010 The Times-Tribune


                              402 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                    The Tribune-Star (Terre Haute, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 1, 2009 Thursday

IDEM suspends state-funded grant, loan programs for recycling, pollution
prevention projects: Some Valley organizations could be affected by move

BYLINE: Crystal Garcia, The Tribune-Star, Terre Haute, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 751 words


Jan. 1--Tough economic times are blamed as the Indiana Department of
Environmental Management announced Tuesday it was temporarily suspending
state-funded grant and loan programs for recycling and pollution prevention
projects.

"As all levels of government across the country grapple and adjust to landmark
budget reductions, the Indiana Department of Environmental Management is working
to effectively manage grant and loan programs while safeguarding Hoosier tax
dollars," an IDEM news release stated.

Some of the grant and loan programs suspended include: waste tire grants,
recycling grants, pollution prevention grants, public education promotion
grants, household hazardous waste grants, and recycling market and development
program loans.

"Current program and local recycling programs offered by local solid waste
management districts should not be affected, and the public will still be able
to find recycling services and information provided by IDEM and their local
government" said Thomas Easterly, IDEM commissioner, in the news release.

Still, there are some local organizations that could be affected such as TREES
Inc. and the Clay, Owen, Vigo Solid Waste Management District.

With the popularity of e-Scrap growing with each event, TREES Inc. had hoped to
work with the Indiana State University recycling center and Indianapolis-based
Recycle Force to obtain three grants to make e-Scrap a more permanent program.

Money from the grants was intended to buy an additional forklift for ISU and a
truck for Recycle Force that would transport the e-Scrap from the recycling
center to Recycle Force in Indianapolis, where the e-Scrap would be properly
broken down, according to Greg Ulm, TREES Inc. president. The grants totaled
between $40,000 and $50,000.

TREES Inc. intended to use about $2,000 to print educational materials about
recycling, according to TREES member Joy Sacopulos.

Any entity that has applied for a grant and has a pending agreement that wasn't
signed by all parties by Dec. 19 will be delayed, according to Amy Hartsock,
IDEM public information officer.

Sacopulos fears TREES Inc. falls under that category because they received
approval and were sent the materials to sign and return a month ago. She said
they returned the materials within two days of receiving them and were supposed
to be notified when all other necessary signatures were received, but they're
still waiting.

"We've persevered before without any help and we will continue," she said.

Ulm echoed those sentiments.

"We had come so far in such a short period of time with e-Scrap Super Saturdays,
and I think the community participation in that provided strong evidence there
is a real need and the community understands its responsibility," he said.

Nearly 250,000 pounds of electronic waste was collected at the most recent
e-Scrap event in September to fill almost 10 semitrailers.

Grant and loan suspensions will be for this fiscal year and possibly next fiscal
year, Hartsock said.

"We are going to be monitoring budget issues and as soon as the suspension can
be lifted, we'll look to do that," she said.

Another area that could be affected by this decision is advertising, education
and promotion for the Clay, Owen, Vigo Solid Waste Management District.

It received an average of $18,000 a year in public education promotion grant
money, according to Janet Reed, management district executive director.

Past programs supported from the grant money included environmental libraries
for the middle and elementary schools of the three counties and billboards for
the Adopt-a-Road program and Tox-Away day.

Environmental libraries had books, videos, CD-ROM and various other resources on
environmental issues.

Having just received the news about the suspension, Reed said it was too early
to tell how they would handle it, but noted readjustments would have to be made.

"I don't know how big, but it's definitely going to have some form of an
impact," she said.

For more information, visit IDEM's Web site at www.idem.IN.gov.

Crystal Garcia can be reached at (812) 231-4271 or crystal.garcia@tribstar.com

To see more of The Tribune-Star or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.tribstar.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Tribune-Star, Terre Haute,
Ind. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090101-TX-IDEM-suspends-state-funded-grant
-loan-programs-for-recycling-pollution-prevention-projects-0101

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TX


                                 Copyright 2009


                              403 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                             May 12, 2016 Thursday

JACKSONVILLE JOURNAL

SECTION: Pg. B-2

LENGTH: 540 words


GRANT FROM PETCO SUPPORTS VET HOSPITAL

First Coast No More Homeless Pets received a $292,500 grant from Petco to
support the nonprofit's new low-cost veterinary hospital and adoption events.

The grant was presented Monday at the opening of the 10,000-square-foot hospital
at 464 Cassat Ave. on Jacksonville's Westside. The hospital will be open seven
days a week - 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Saturday
and 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Sunday.

For appointments at the new hospital or the nonprofit's 6817 Norwood Ave. clinic
on the Northside, call (904) 425-0005. For more information, go to fcnmhp.org.

SOLID WASTE STATION SET FOR REFURBISHING

St. Johns County's Municipal Solid Waste Transfer Station at Tillman Ridge will
shut down on Saturday for almost two month's of repairs and refurbishing.

The repair period ends Saturday, July 9. During the shut-down, solid waste
normally received at this facility, like household garbage, tires,
pressure-treated wood and commercial waste, will not be accepted. Instead,
residential and commercial customers can deliver those materials to the Stratton
Road Transfer Station at 250 N. Stratton Road, open from 7 a.m. to 6 p.m.,
Monday through Friday, and 7 a.m. to 1 p.m. Saturdays.

Recycling materials and household hazardous waste will continue to be accepted
at Tillman Ridge at 3005 Allen Nease Road during business hours. But
construction debris, demolition debris and yard waste are not accepted at either
location.

For more information, contact the St. Johns County Solid Waste Management
Division at (904) 827-6980.

DELIVERY OF CONCRETE BEAMS ON THURSDAY

Trucks transporting huge concrete beams destined for Jacksonville's Sisters
Creek Bridge on Heckscher Drive will continue moving them Thursday after their
planned placement wasn't completed earlier this week, according to the Florida
Department of Transportation.

Deliveries of the 144-foot long structures was originally scheduled for Monday
and Wednesday, but production delays required another day of transport. So the
beams will travel Interstate 10 as well as I-295, I-95, Florida A1A and Amelia
Island Parkway to Heckscher Drive on Thursday, accessing the bridge from the
east. That means traffic motorists on Florida A1A, Amelia Island Parkway and
Heckscher Drive potentially facing 30- to 60-minute traffic delays as the beams
are moved, according to state officials. Delays are also expected on Heckscher
Drive at the bridge site during the overnight hours as the beams are put into
place.

The new $44.4 million Sisters Creek Bridge is scheduled for completion this
summer.

MANDARIN OAK TREES TOPIC OF LECTURE

The community's historic oak trees will be the topic of the Mandarin Museum and
Historical Society's next Third Thursday Lecture at 7 p.m. Thursday, May 19, at
the Mandarin Community Club at 12447 Mandarin Road.

JEA utility forester Joe Anderson will discuss electrical, water, and sewer
services as well as Mandarin's "green infrastructure" - trees, which provide
benefits. He will discuss his role in providing reliable electrical service
while maintaining an abundant tree canopy

The free quarterly Third Thursday Lectures are held in partnership with the
community club and begin with refreshments at 6:30 p.m.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The Florida Times-Union


                              404 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

              January 16, 1989, MONDAY, ILLINOIS FIVE STAR Edition

TWO COUNTIES GEAR UP FOR TRASH RECYCLING

BYLINE: Robert Kelly Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1I

LENGTH: 1320 words


Madison and St. Clair counties are gearing up to meet a state-imposed deadlineof
1996 for recycling at least 25 percent of the trash generated in those counties.
And although recycling efforts in both counties are in their infancy, county
officials believe it's possible to meet the deadline.  ''Absolutely,'' said St.
Clair County Board member Frank Boyne, D-Belleville.  ''We'll do it.'' Madison
County Board member Richard Worthen, D-Alton, added that the 25 percent figure
represented ''high expectations, but it probably can be met.'' Madison, St.
Clair and the 15 other Illinois counties with populations of 100,000 or more are
required under a state law passed last year to draw up waste-management plans,
including recycling programs, by March 1, 1991.  The law also mandates that 15
percent of the solid waste in those counties must be recycled in three years
after the plans are drawn up, and 25 percent must be recycled after five years.
The plans must state how much trash will be generated in those populous counties
and how it will be disposed of during the next 20 years.  The state will have to
approve the plans. Illinois may then offer matching grants of up to $50,000 to
help pay for new waste-disposal programs in the affected counties.  Failure to
comply with the measure's regulations could result in penalties of up to $5,000.
The law was designed to address landfill shortages in the most densely populated
parts of Illinois.  With an eye toward compliance with the measure, Madison
County officials held an informational meeting and pep talk on recycling and
cutting down on solid waste last weekfor municipal and township officials in the
county. About 75 officials attended.  Worthen, who is chairman of the County
Board's environmental committee, urged the local officials to work with the
county to start recycling programs and devise other innovative ways of dealing
with trash.  ''We are not trying to impinge on anyone's prerogatives or
territories,'' Worthen said, ''but we need your help.'' He said the plan
required by the state must address reducing the volume of trash at the source,
recycling trash, burning trash for energy and burning trash to eliminate it -
with additional landfill space as only a last resort.  Some of the local
officials at the meeting groaned when Worthen noted that Illinois currently
offers just $500,000 in grant money for new trash disposal programs throughout
the state, with maximum single grants of $25,000 each.  But Worthen said Madison
County was considering its own grant program to help municipalities and to
wnships with the problem. He said the county would appoint a solid waste
coordinator within two months to help with grant applications and other
administrative matters.  County officials lacked figures on how much it would
cost to meet the requirement of recycling 25 percent of the trash generated by
1996.  Even so, officials of Waste Management of Illinois, Inc. gave an
optimistic report on a model curbside recycling program started in September in
Glen Carbon.  Nearly 50 percent of Glen Carbon's residents are participating in
the program, and it has reduced that community's trash output by about 5 percent
to date, said James Nold and Glenn O'Bryan of Waste Management.  Waste
Management, which operates the Milam Landfill near East St. Louis, is paying for
Glen Carbon's program as it monitors how well it works, O'Bryan said.  ''We've
made it a success,'' Nold said. He said about 620 people a week have put a
weekly average of 5,974 pounds of newspapers, glass, aluminum and steel in
recycling bins provided by the company and set the bins on curbs for pickup
service.  He said he believed similar programs would prove profitable throughout
the Metro East area.  Boyne said St. Clair County officials were negotiating
with Proud Partners Inc., a not-for-profit civic group, to start a curbside
recycling program in Belleville.  Boyne is the chairman of the County Board's
subcommittee on solid waste disposal. He said he hoped St. Clair County would
provide half of the estimated cost of $40,000 to get the recycling program under
way later this year.  ''We've already made application for the grant,'' he said.
''We know there's a limited amount of grant money available.'' Boyne also said
JMJ Trash Hauling Co. of O'Fallon was planning to build its own recycling plant
and tire shredding operation for customers who contract with the company.
Company officials hope to open the plant within six months, he said.  He said he
believed no new landfills would need to be opened in the St.  Louis area if
officials remain serious about recycling and reducing the output of trash.  ''We
can operate the greater St. Louis metropolitan area on four landfills, and
they're already here,'' Boyne contended.  Almost two years ago, Madison, St.
Clair and Monroe counties jointly commissioned a study by the East-West Gateway
Coordinating Council on the Metro East area's trash disposal needs.  Worthen
said the council's report is due this spring.  He has said he expects the report
to recommend a combination of landfills, recycling and burning of trash.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              405 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                             July 19, 2014 Saturday

TMC to set up Rs 7.5 crore solid waste management plant

BYLINE: Abhilash Botekar

SECTION: NASHIK

LENGTH: 376 words


NASHIK: The Trimbakeshwar Municipal Council has planned to set up a Rs 7.5-crore
solid waste management plant at Kojuli village that will treat 5 MT waste
generated in the council's limits.

The detailed project report for the plant to be raised at Kojuli village has
been prepared and after completing of formalities, the project will start ?
possibly before the kumbh mela next year.

The Trimbakeshwar Municipal Council (TMC) chief officer NM Nagre said they have
expedited the process of the plant's construction on a three-acre-plot in Kojuli
village, near Trimbakeshwar.

"The TMC had asked the College of Engineering Pune (COEP) to prepare a waste
disposal plant of the council. They have given a Rs 9 crore project plan," Nagre
said.

The TMC had received a grant of Rs 5 crore from the state government to
construct a solid waste management plant. The detailed project report (DPR) from
the COEP suggested three processes in the plant ? one to extract methane from
the biodegradable waste, second to use the slurry from this process for
manufacturing vermin compost and third to convert plastic into fuel.

The TMC has decided to leave the plastic to fuel conversion plant aside and
focus on the other processes that will bring down the cost from Rs 9 crore to Rs
7.5 crore.

"Being a small council we can hardly afford to spend even a crore of rupees on
our own. This is a very heavy investment. But we will manage some or the other
way. We have therefore decided to go ahead with the two processes and the
landfill programme as proposed," Nagre said.

The officer further pointed out that the council at the most generated less than
five metric tonne (MT) of waste every day and the plant being constructed was
designed to treat 5 MT of biodegradable waste every day ? that was far from
sufficient for more than a decade.

The plant cost would include all the civil works and the machinery required.

The TMC has now forwarded the proposal to the Maharashtra Pollution Control
Board (MPCB) and after getting the consent, the TMC would then get approval from
the state government and then float tender. "There is still a long process to
go. But we are sure we will have things in place much before the Kumbh mela
begins," Nagre said.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              406 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           October 31, 2013 Thursday

Mt. Lebanon sorts recycling ideas

BYLINE: by MATTHEW SANTONI

LENGTH: 585 words


Mt. Lebanon officials are weighing a carrot-or-stick approach to getting
residents to recycle.

The commission on Monday heard three presentations on programs to enhance
recycling, either by rewarding recyclers with gift cards, coupons or grants to
favorite charities, or by switching to a "pay-as-you-throw" billing system that
would charge residents based on the amount of garbage they throw out - but not
for recycling or setting out compostable yard waste.

The commission is considering changes because its current trash and recycling
contract with Waste Management Inc. expires at the end of the year.

The community's Environmental Sustainability Board recommended studying
pay-as-you-throw in the hope that it would increase recycling, lower the cost of
trash collection and make people who toss more pay more.

"I don't think I should be paying for other people's waste," said resident
Suzanne Stamatov.

Dan Gorske of Republic Services said Mt. Lebanon could be the first Pennsylvania
community to sign up for Republic's Recycling Rewards program, which awards
residents points for how many tons of recycling their neighborhoods or wards
accumulate, then allows them to redeem points online or by phone for gift cards
and coupons to local retailers and restaurants.

Points could be used to "vote" for how the company distributes about $12,000 in
grants to nonprofits.

Lisa McKnight, representing Waste Management, said her company partnered with
New York-based Recyclebank to create a similar program for 17 North Hills
communities, which awards points for recycling, signing energy conservation
pledges and buying environmentally friendly products.

At 40 cents per house per month, Waste Management's bid for a program to boost
recycling was lower than Republic's proposal of $1.05 per house.

Lorin Meeder, environmental programs coordinator for Cranberry, said under that
township's "pay-as-you-throw" garbage collection program, residents pay
according to the size of their garbage cans. Separate cans for single-stream
recycling and yard waste are collected free of charge, while extra garbage bags,
appliances or bulky items such as furniture are picked up only if they carry
prepaid stickers.

From 2004, when the program started, to 2012, landfill-bound trash in Cranberry
went from 11,000 to 7,600 tons, with recycling rising from 1,100 to 3,000 tons
in the same period, Meeder said.

Mt. Lebanon Commissioner Dave Brumfield said he would like to see the combined
cost savings from pay-as-you-throw for the municipality and the average
resident, because he was afraid such a program could be more expensive for
homeowners or would be susceptible to cheaters.

No estimates on the cost of a pay-as-you-throw program for Mt. Lebanon were
provided on Monday.

"I think the community should wait on pay-as-you-throw until more research has
been done. ... It's a solution to a problem we don't have," said Patrick Eberz,
a member of the Environmental Sustainability Board and the sole vote on the
seven-member board against such a program.

He said existing recycling promotion efforts such as a contest with Upper St.
Clair last year have shown results.

Tom Kelley, director of public works, said even if the municipality wants a
pay-as-you-throw or recycling initiative program, there is not enough time to
implement it before a new trash and recycling contract is scheduled to take
effect.

Matthew Santoni is a staff writer for Trib Total Media. He can be reached at
412-380-5625 or msantoni@tribweb.com

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              407 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                           January 27, 2015, Tuesday

Authority to bid out demolition;
Recycling center to be constructed on Slack Street site

BYLINE: MATT MURPHY, DAILY MAIL STAFF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P8A

LENGTH: 409 words


The Kanawha County Solid Waste Authority is hoping to receive emergency money
from the West Virginia Solid Waste Management Board to tear down the century-old
building on its Slack Street property.

At an emergency meeting Monday afternoon, the authority board voted to apply for
around $18,000 in state grant money to go toward the demolition. By voting at an
emergency meeting, the authority hopes the grant application can be addressed at
the Solid Waste Management Board's February meeting.

The authority also voted to advertise for bids to tear down the structure at
Monday's meeting. It won't have an exact demolition cost until those bids are
received. A mandatory pre-bid conference for bidders will be required.

Once the existing building is gone, the authority plans to build a new metal
structure, which board member Dave Armstrong said could cost between $150,000
and $200,000.

The structure will allow the authority to continue public recycling service and
will be designed to be disassembled and rebuilt should the authority ever find a
new parcel for its operation.

However, the authority doesn't have enough income or money in the bank to afford
such a structure all at once.

"There's no secret we're going to have to get a loan to build a new building,"
Armstrong said.

There's good news, though.

Armstrong said he brokered a deal with Yeager Airport officials in which the
airport would allow the authority to use the airport's architect to develop a
site plan for Slack Street. The agreement will save the authority about $50,000
in architectural services.

"It's not going to cost us anything," he said. "This is huge ... I'm very
thankful."

Once the architectural work is done, the authority can proceed with identifying
funding for the new building and can start the bid process for construction.

A sub-committee consisting of Armstrong, board member Gerald Burgy and Authority
Director James Young will oversee early planning for design and construction of
the new building.

In other business, Young said the authority could look into purchasing equipment
from the Monongalia County Solid Waste Authority. That agency stopped all
recycling activities last week due to financial problems after it lost its
largest customers - the cities of Morgantown and Westover and West Virginia
University.

The Kanawha authority doesn't plan to purchase equipment soon, but Young said
the Monongalia County situation should be something to examine in the future.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Charleston Newspapers


                              408 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                December 2, 1996, Monday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

COUNTY LACKS GUIDELINES FOR LANDFILL REVENUE

BYLINE: Phil Sutin Of The Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: ZONE WEST; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 677 words


St. Louis County officials have few procedures to guide them as they dole out
about $ 1.7 million in landfill tipping fees each year.

This situation has led Lee Fox, chairman of the county's waste management
commission, to warn that the county runs the risk of favoritism in allocating
the money. He also said qualified recipients could miss opportunities for the
money because they don't know they can receive funds. Fox wants his commission
to discuss these issues.

Joan Bradford is the county's solid-waste coordinator. Asked last week whether
the money is being distributed fairly, she said, "Absolutely. When we decide
about recipients, we deal with them in a fair and impartial manner."

The county ordinance establishing the fee divides the spending of the money into
nine categories. But in only one category - municipal and related grants - has
the county devised a formal procedure for receiving applications for the money
and deciding who should receive it.

The tipping fee money is to be spent to encourage recycling and to enforce
county regulations on disposing solid waste. Most of the money is supposed to go
to organizations outside of county government.

The tipping fee ordinance includes general guidelines on how money should be
spent in each category. And it sets limits on the percentage of total funds that
can be used in any category. The limits equal 114 percent of the total, so the
county must spend less than the maximum in some categories.

Here's what's happening in the categories:

The municipal-grant category has established rules and a procedure for applying
for grants with deadlines. Two committees review the requests before county
health department officials select recipients. The county awarded $ 743,841 in
grants this year.

The incentives-to-industry category has no apparent application and grant
-processing procedures. The county shifted $ 35,000 from municipal grants
awarded last year to Pagedale and E&H Hauling to this category. The shift paid
for the hauler's special truck, which weighs trash as it is being collected. The
vehicle is part of an experiment to see if charging for trash collection by
weight is practical.

Bradford said officials had decided the switch would result in a more
appropriate use of tipping-fee money. The county also spent $ 58,312 from
industry-incentive category funds to buy a truck for Laidlaw waste haulers. The
purchase was part of a settlement of a waste-hauling industry lawsuit
challenging the tipping fee. Bradford said haulers could apply for incentives
money if they wished.

The miscellaneous category also has no apparent application and grant-processing
procedures. The county spent $ 25,000 to help finance a pipeline that transports
methane generated by decaying material in the Fred Weber landfill to nearby
Pattonville High School. Bradford said the Pattonville project fit the
miscellaneous category. She said it was for projects that did not fall clearly
into any other.

In two categories - education and materials, and market development - the
solid-waste coordinator's office passes the money to other agencies. The
Cooperating School District is scheduled to handle $ 200,000 in the educational
money next year. The agency will use the money to devise a model recycling
curriculum with the help of staff from a large, a medium-size and a small school
district.

The market development money goes to the St. Louis County Economic Council,
which has received about $ 1 million for the program but has awarded only one
loan: $ 200,000 to Enviropak to help it produce packaging for electronic
equipment from waste paper.

Two categories are administrative: enforcement of the county's waste-management
ordinance and financing of the solid-waste coordinator's office. The 1997 county
budget says enforcement activities would receive $ 102,968 in tipping-fee funds
and the coordinator's office $ 205,935.

The county has spent no money in the household hazardous-waste category,
awaiting a program to deal with disposing such material.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 1996

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1996 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              409 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                        The Bemidji Pioneer (Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           October 19, 2016 Wednesday

COUNTY: Beltrami County eyes buying Waste Management facilities

BYLINE: Matthew Liedke, The Bemidji Pioneer, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 750 words


Oct. 19--BEMIDJI -- A plan for Beltrami County to purchase two transfer stations
received optimistic support Tuesday from the Board of Commissioners.

During a work session before its regular meeting, commissioners received a full
report from Solid Waste Manager Brian Olson, who said buying two facilities from
Waste Management is a better option than constructing new buildings at other
sites.

In the past year, county officials have circulated the idea of constructing new
transfer stations along either Carr Lake Road or Adams Avenue. According to
Olson, though, the purchasing plan is a more cost-effective option for the
county.

The cost of purchasing the two facilities, one in Bemidji in the Industrial Park
and the other in Blackduck, is $5,363,105. The price includes expenses such as:

--$1,472,200 to buy the property.

--$378,800 to obtain equipment and sites for recycling, demolition and vehicles
to transfer solid waste to Polk County.

--$2,213,050 for a remodel ensuring a 20 year lifespan.

--Other costs for site preparation, new equipment and more.

The county will apply for grants to cover part of the costs, and if they are
approved, the county would be responsible for $2,041,105 of the total cost.
Moving forward, Olson said county officials will work on negotiating terms and
finalizing the purchase agreement.

Once finished, the purchase agreement will be split in two, one for purchasing
the property and the facilities and the other for buying equipment.
Additionally, Olson said a lease agreement with Waste Management for the company
to continue residential and commercial pickups as well as a service agreement
for the business to haul garbage will be associated.

Olson said progress with the purchase agreement is contingent upon state agency
and grant approvals, though, with a projected timeline for remodeling the
facilities to start in 2017.

The plan for new transfer stations is part of a larger, multi-county project
that began with discussions in 2011. Organized by the Polk Solid Waste Advisory
Board, the project includes the remodeled stations in Beltrami County as well as
new transfer stations in Hubbard and Polk Counties.

Additionally, a Polk County Resource Recovery Facility in Fosston and the
construction of a composting site are also part of the overall project.

Once finished, the project will serve Polk, Beltrami, Hubbard, Clearwater,
Mahnomen and Norman counties.

"I'm pretty happy with the direction of this thing, as opposed to moving down
from the current Industrial Park site," Commissioner Jim Lucachick said. "This
has been established there; there are some problems with it being in that
location, but hopefully we can address those when we start remodeling. I feel
good going to my constituents saying 'I think we did the right move.'"

"With all the prevailing variables, I think we're in the best place we can be,"
said Commissioner Joe Vene.

Workforce Impact

During Tuesday's work session, commissioners were given an update for the
county's new Workforce Impact program that will start next year. Currently, the
county's Health and Human Services Department is working to transition into the
new program since it's ending contracted services for employment training.

Divisional Director for Economic Assistance John Pugleasa said the county has
hired a manager for the program and remaining staff positions will be posted for
hiring soon.

Once the hiring is complete, Pugleasa said the program will have four workforce
navigators to work directly with clients and also two business account
representatives to meet with company owners to discover what training is needed
from the workforce. Pugleasa said the department will also hire a case aide to
provide administrative support.

Pugleasa also said the department now has a lease with Northwest Technical
College, where the program will be housed. Pugleasa said telecommunications and
computer programs for Workforce Impact were recently installed at NTC.

Workforce Impact will start Jan. 1, utilizing up to $1.3 million in consolidated
funds from the Minnesota Family Investment Program.

Explore related topics:NewsBeltrami County Board of CommissionersBeltrami County
Health and Human Services

Matthew Liedke

Matthew Liedke is the city, county and state government reporter for the Bemidji
Pioneer. He also covers business, politics and financial news.

___ (c)2016 The Bemidji Pioneer (Bemidji, Minn.) Visit The Bemidji Pioneer
(Bemidji, Minn.) at www.bemidjipioneer.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161019-JI-COUNTY-Beltrami-County-eyes-buying-Waste-Management
-facilities-1019-20161019

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JI


                         Copyright 2016 Bemidji Pioneer


                              410 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                      Times of India (Electronic Edition)

                             July 19, 2012 Thursday
                                  Pune Edition

European Union gives 6.5 cr to PMC to build public toilets

BYLINE: Prasad Kulkarni TNN

SECTION: TIMES CITY

LENGTH: 410 words


Pune: The Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) would soon receive grants of nearly
Rs 6.5 crores from the European Union (EU) for carrying out works related to
public sanitation and solid waste management."This is first time PMC would get
such funds from the EU.The PMC had participated in a sponsorship programme
organised by the EU along with 12 different cities in the country in February
this year.The results have been declared and Pune has been selected for this
programme.We received the letter last week," said Suresh Jagtap,head of solid
waste management department,PMC.Jagtap said that the PMC will get funds of
nearly Rs 6.5 crores (around 1 billion Euros),which it will have to utilise
during the next five years in various programmes related to solid waste
management.The programme should be dedicated to creating awareness,building
infrastructure about solid waste management and public toilets.The concentration
should be on slums and underdeveloped areas of the city."Along with awareness
work,a target of constructing public toilets has been given to us.A total of 90
public toilets are to be constructed in slums and underdeveloped areas of the
city.Each year at least 15 public toilets will have to be constructed in
different parts of the city.An NGO will coordinate the programme with the PMC,"
Jagtap said.He said that the department has also planned to rope in self-help
groups.The work to manage public toilets will be given to these groups.Jagtap
said that the civic administration is completing the process of receiving the
funds.Once it is completed,the funds will be deposited in the corporation's bank
account."The civic administration will have to give its consent for getting the
funds.After that the PMC will have to open a separate account and also make
necessary provisions in the yearly budget for management of the funds
received.The official proposal about all these formalities has been submitted to
the civic administration," he said.The civic body has so far built 8,000 public
toilets and 1,500 urinals,while the actual need is of 15,000 toilets and 3,000
urinals.Acquiring new land is the problem that the PMC is facing in constructing
the public toilets.The civic administration and elected members have proposed to
give benefits to land owners to construct public toilets.The new draft
development plan (DP) for the old city has proposed that extra FSI be granted to
those ready to give a chunk of their land for the same.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              411 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                           December 20, 2014 Saturday

Shandong Urban Environment Project helps provide safer drinking water for some
730,000 people

LENGTH: 447  words

DATELINE: Washington


The 2nd Shandong Urban Environment Project helped provide safer drinking water
for some 730,000 people in eight cities including 340,000 in fluoride-affected
areas.

It contributed to a better environment and improved the health of nearly 4.17
million people in the province, and reduced pollution discharges to the Bohai
Sea.

It was implemented between 2009 and 2013 and through investments in improved
water supply, wastewater collection and treatment, and solid waste management.
Shandong Province, the second most populous province of China with a population
of more than 92 million people in 2007, was one of the fastest-growing provinces
in the country. Situated on the east coast, it has a 3,000 km coastline with the
Bohai and Yellow Seas, both of which drain a major part of the province.

It financed investments in wastewater collection network and treatment
facilities in Gaomi, Qixia, Weifang, Weihai, Yantai, Zaozhuang, and Zhoucun with
associated river embankment rehabilitation in Qixia, Weifang, and Zaozhuang,
solid waste management in Heze and Rizhao, water supply improvements in Gaomi,
and institutional development and capacity building for utilities, environmental
protection bureaus and decision makers. The project was designed to improve the
environmental conditions in participating municipalities and counties through a
package of measures including upgrading and development of wastewater collection
and treatment facilities, river embankment rehabilitation, solid waste
management, water supply improvements, industrial pollution monitoring, and
enhancement of the financial performance and efficiency of key urban utility
companies.

The World Bank worked closely with the Shandong Provincial Government during
project implementation. The latter's commitment and support was the key to the
project's success. In addition to financing 49.5% of the total project costs,
the government maintained a strong environmental management agenda, provided
high quality project management and coordination of implementation in project
cities and counties, and set guidelines for minimum wastewater and solid waste
tariffs to be adopted by municipal governments. It continued to give priority to
industrial pollution control, enhanced its capacity for online monitoring of
industries, and promoted water conservation through regulatory measures to limit
use of groundwater and re-use of treated wastewater. The lender provided a loan
of $147 million to finance investments in water, wastewater and solid waste
facilities, and GEF provided a grant of $5 million to demonstrate septic
management techniques to help reduce land-based pollution reaching the Bohai
Sea.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              412 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   November 16, 1995, Thursday, ALL EDITIONS

COBB AT WORK;
Winner isn't talking trash about recycling

BYLINE: Donna Espy; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EXTRA, Pg. 11G

LENGTH: 575 words


Margie Hatfield takes her work to heart. And Cobb County's future generations
might thank her for it.

Hatfield, an east Cobb resident, is co-owner of Dixie Garbage Service, a small
residential trash collection business in Marietta. Working alongside her husband
of 32 years, Joe, the couple has owned the business for 14 years.

Slowly, the business has become successful. But helping her native county and
saving the environment through recycling are the real catalysts for Margie
Hatfield's energy and enthusiasm.

"I've always been interested in doing something to help my county, and I like
working with people to make a difference," said Hatfield, whose work and
community efforts were applauded this week when she was named the 1995 Cobb YWCA
"Tribute to Women of Achievement" winner.

"This isn't a very glamorous job, but it's needed," said Hatfield, whose duties
include handling sales, route scheduling and accounts payable. She did not know
at the time of this interview that she had won the award. "It was nice to be
nominated, but I won't win," she said.

Hatfield was chosen for the 11th annual award from among 20 business women
nominees because of her recycling efforts in the business community and her
involvement with the educational community, according to YWCA spokeswoman Carol
Wisdom.

In 1990, Hatfield said she saw a need to become more involved in environmental
control in Cobb and helped organize the 30-member Independent Haulers
Association of Cobb County, to work with county officials on implementing a 25
percent reduction of landfill waste by 1996.

In 1994, she organized the Independent State Haulers Association and was
president until this year. She also serves on the Cobb Solid Waste Advisory
Committee.

As a member of the Cobb Clean Commission, she helped to rewrite the Cobb County
Solid Waste ordinance. She said she is excited about the new county composting
facility on County Farm Road "because 70 percent of everything taken there will
be recycled, and that means only 30 percent of everyone's garbage will end up in
the landfill."

Dixie Garbage serves 1,200 customers throughout Cobb, but Hatfield admits only
about 250 take advantage of the recycling pickup offered. "It seems like
everyone today just doesn't have the time it takes to separate recyclables and
put them in their proper place," Hatfield said.

The YWCA honor also recognizes Hatfield for her efforts away from her job. Many
Cobb residents may know her from her 24 years in volunteer PTA work in east
Cobb. She has served at the local, council, district and state PTA levels.

She also worked with the Cobb sheriff's office in 1980 to establish a
Consequences of Crime program, which works elementary through high school
students.

Her PTA work was endowed in 1989 by the creation of the Margie Hatfield
Scholarship, an annual $ 1,000 scholarship given to one or two students to
further their education.

While busy with civic and church voluteer activities (she's a member of Eastside
Baptist Church), Hatfield enjoys spending time with her grown son, Shan,
(spending many a weekend with him at the bicycle motocross track) and her
daughter, Shanda, and her family, which includes a 5-year- old granddaughter.

That granddaughter's future is always in the back of Margie Hatfield's mind as
she continues her work in recycling. "It's real important to do all we can
today, so our children can enjoy tomorrow."

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: Businesswoman Margie Hatfield is the 1995 Cobb YWCA
"Tribute to Women of Achievement" winner. / Joe McTyre / Staff

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              413 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                        Fergus Falls Daily Journal, Minn

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             January 6, 2012 Friday

Grant County has new solid waste contractor

BYLINE: Tom Hintgen, Fergus Falls Daily Journal, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 290 words


Jan. 06--West Central Sanitation is the new solid waste contractor for Grant
County. The company has some final work to do and said it will notify rural
customers by letter when new rural routes have been finalized.

Customers in Elbow Lake, Wendell, Ashby and other communities in Grant County
will notice little change. Pickup schedule times will remain the same and people
can continue to purchase bags and use plastic containers.

New blue West Central bags are available. They are on sale at Andy's in Wendell
and Dean's SuperValu in Elbow Lake.

West Central Sanitation encourages its customers to use its Good Neighbor Cart
service. Items that can be placed are garbage, household refuse and cold ashes.

What's not to be placed in carts include hot ashes, fluorescent light bulbs,
solvents, paint, motor oil, car batteries, gas or substances that are considered
hazardous waste. Minnesota law prohibits West Central from taking any type of
lawn debris with your trash, such as grass or leaves.

Customers, on the day of service, are asked to place the carts at the end of
driveways by 6 a.m. Wheels should be in back towards the house, one to two feet
home from curb or end of drive and not on the street.

As for recycling, customers are asked to contact the West Central office to see
if recycling is available in your neighborhood. If you currently have recycling
services with West Central Sanitation, reference Residential Recycling for
sorting information.

For more information, call West Central at 1-800-246-7630. The website is
www.wcsanitation.com

___ (c)2012 the Fergus Falls Daily Journal (Fergus Falls, Minn.) Visit the
Fergus Falls Daily Journal (Fergus Falls, Minn.) at www.fergusfallsjournal.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120106-1FF-Grant-County-has-new-solid-waste-contractor-0106-20120106

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1FF


                Copyright 2012 Fergus Falls Daily Journal, Minn


                              414 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                              Early Times (India)

                               May 8, 2016 Sunday

In CM's hometown, MC dumps garbage in water body

LENGTH: 473 words

DATELINE: Bijbehara


Bijbehara, May 8 -- On the hind side of aggressive campaigning by the
Directorate of Urban Local Bodies (DULB) on sanitation and against illegal
encroachments Municipal Committee (MC) Bhejbehera in South Kashmir which happens
to be the hometown of Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti is dumping its garbage in
the water body.

As per reliable information available with Early Times the municipal solid waste
, garbage , dead animals are dumped by the Municipal Committee (MC) Bhejbehera
on the banks of "Daed Kull" which is a beautiful nallah flowing along Bhejbehara
- Pahalgam road, inviting a major environmental catastrophe.

"There is no concept of Solid Waste Management , Segregation at source and door
to door collection of garbage in our town. Had the local municipal authorities
been doing this in Bhejbehara and other towns , the things would have been
different. Even the officials of local municipality are unaware about scientific
disposal and segregation of bio-degradable and non biodegradable of waste
material" said Mohammad Asif a Post Graduate student of Environmental Science
and a local resident of Bhejbehara.

Pertinent to mention that officials of local municipality in Chadoora town of
central Kashmir are seen involved in dumping all the garbage into the
Doodg-Ganga nallah which flows through this town. Irony is that same water is
supplied by Public Health Engineering (PHE) department to thousands of people in
Budgam as well as Srinagar districts.

In Bandipora town the garbage and municipal waste is dumped in Wullarlake by
local Municipal Committee. Few years back the Municipal Committee (MC) Bandipora
received a grant of around 82 lakhs from Wullar Conservation and Management
Authority (WUCMA) for strengthening and developing the infrastructure for
scientific disposal of municipal solid waste so as to prevent any sort of
pollution within and along the banks of Wular Lake.

Few months back the Wullar Conservation and Management Authority (WUCMA) Chief
Executive Director (CED) shot a letter to Director Local Bodies Kashmir and
expressed his serious concern that despite allocation of funds, the concerned
civic body has not taken necessary measures which are mandatory under
environment protection act and rules framed therein as cited above to ensure
scientific disposal of municipal solid waste around the banks of Wular Lake.

Increasing population, and complete lack of a comprehensive solid waste
management policy has been seen as a great challenge in cities. Huge quantity of
garbage gets piled up in these twin cities on daily basis. The way this garbage
is disposed off, is posing a great threat to environment.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Early Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Early Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              415 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                    January 18, 1997, Saturday, ALL EDITIONS

Funds pour in for restoration of lighthouse

BYLINE: Charles Seabrook; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: STATE NEWS; Pg. 01C

LENGTH: 301 words


The restoration and preservation of the historic Sapelo Island lighthouse may be
at hand.

Gov. Zell Miller recommended this week that the General Assembly appropriate $
100,000 to help secure a matching grant from the U.S. Department of
Transportation for the 177-year-old lighthouse. On Friday, the Georgia
Department of Transportation said the state will get $ 220,000 in federal funds
for the restoration project.

Also on Friday, a private firm, Waste Management Inc., said it is contributing $
10,000 to the light.

"We're going to save one of Georgia's priceless treasures," said Lonice Barrett,
Department of Natural Resources commissioner.

Sitting on the southern tip of state-owned Sapelo Island, the 80- feet-tall
lighthouse was built in 1820. One of five lighthouses still standing on the
Georgia coast, the gray brick structure is a reminder of the time when nearby
Darien rivaled Savannah as a major shipping center.

The powerful hurricane of 1898 rendered the light unusable, and it was
officially deactivated in 1905.

In addition to the lighthouse, DNR officials want to restore an iron range
beacon built in 1877 about 200 yards from the lighthouse and a 1902 shed that
housed oil and other supplies for the light station.

The estimated cost of the restorations is about $ 400,000. DNR is also asking
for corporate and private donations.

The mortar that holds the Sapelo light together has chipped away in many spots.
At the top, the iron lantern is thick with rust, and the spiral wooden staircase
has nearly rotted away.

Restoration plans call for a new cypress wood stairway; new mortar on the
bricks; and painting the exterior with its original red and white horizontal
bands.

The DNR offers public tours of the lighthouse. Call 912-437-3224 for
information.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: About $ 400,000 is needed to fix up the historic 1820
Sapelo
beacon. / WILLIAM BERRY / Staff

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                              416 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                             March 6, 2014 Thursday

Maun Public Waste Drop - Off and Recycling Centre: A Green Low Emission and
Climate Resilient Demonstration Project

LENGTH: 586  words


Project Number: BOT/SGP/OP5/STAR/CC/13/26
Country: Botswana
Area Of Work:  Community Based Adaptation
Operational Phase: Phase 5
Grant Amount: US$ 50,000.00
Start Date: 12/2013
End Date: 12/2015
Status: Not active yet
Project Description: The national definition of   waste   has been refined to
exclude recyclables. Nevertheless, Maun and many other areas in Botswana still
lack an easily accessible3 and dedicated solid waste drop off facility to aid
recycling efforts. As such, there is no receipt of source separated household
and commercial waste recyclables (including from Okavango Delta tourism lodges
and operations) such as paper, aluminum cans, plastics and glass for processing,
transfer and sale to local downstream users and recycling industries in Gaborone
and South Africa. Consequently, the general public in Botswana is not fully
aware of the tremendous economic value of mainstream4 solid waste and the role

recycling plays in decarbonizing the regional economy and facilitating
transition to a green5 one.

As a result, all types of waste recyclables are found littering Maun  s roads,
streets and homes. Ironically, this situation currently translates to handsome
profits for only two waste collection and disposal contractors hired by the
North West District Council (NWDC). Together with the NWDC, the two combine to
deliver well over seven million (7,000,000) kg of solid waste into the Maun
landfill per annum. With one of the highest rates of emigration in Botswana,
both Maun  s population and waste output are set to increase exponentially. If
some of the waste is not diverted away from the landfill, much earlier
decommissioning of the facility is imminent.
Based on knowledge and insight gained from a waste management systems
benchmarking field visit to Gauteng Province, South Africa under the aegis of a
UNDP GEF/SGP planning grant, Tlhare Segolo Foundation (TSF) herein proposes for
the establishment of a large scale public recyclables drop off facility in Maun.
Although Botswana is an overall carbon sink, the solid waste management drop off
facility is an ideal mitigation to the global crisis of climate change,
environmental degradation and depletion of resources. Once established, upper
and middle/working class households living in Maun as well as private businesses
will be encouraged to drop off specified recyclables for processing (mainly
cleaning, compaction and baling). Long distance goods haulage trucks coming to
Maun from Gaborone and South Africa often return empty. These shall be
identified and discounted rates

negotiated with owners to transfer processed recyclables back to source
industries. Profit made from the sale of recyclables shall then be used to
institutionalize a recyclable/waste buy-back program as a poverty
alleviationstrategy and an incentive for sustainable participation of Maun  s
poor and/or low income households in a nascent green economy.
It is important to address the lack of solid waste recycling
Project completion date : 2015-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : SGP THE GEF SMALL GRANTS PROGRAMME

Address : UN Building,
Government Enclave Corner Khama Crescent & President Drive
P O Box 54
Gaborone, SADC
Attn:  Ms. Elsie Tolani Mvimi

Country :Botswana
Financier : Global Environment Facility (GEF),
United Nations Development Programme (UNDP),

Financier address : United Nations Development Programme
One United Nations Plaza
New York, NY 10017
Tel: +1 (212) 906-5000
Call: +1 (212) 963-1234
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2014 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              417 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                      Jacksonville Daily Progress (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 20, 2012 Thursday

BRIEF: City applies for solid waste grant

BYLINE: Faith Harper, Jacksonville Daily Progress, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 236 words


Sept. 20--City leaders will travel to Kilgore Wednesday to propose a solid waste
project for grant funds.

The city applied for a $3,000 grant from the East Texas Council of Governments
(ETCOG) on Sept. 10. ETCOG covers a 14-county region and funnels federal grant
funds to local cities, counties and school districts for a variety of projects.

City Manager Mo Raissi said Jacksonville is applying to help fund its mass trash
and bulky item pickup days.

"Cleanup (days) costs more than that, but if we can get a portion of that paid,
that would be great," Raissi said. "It wouldn't be coming out of citizens' tax
dollars."

Raissi said the city pays Allied Waste for the large containers, landfill fees
and an extra charge for the disposal of tires.

City officials will make a five-minute presentation to the Solid Waste Advisory
Committee, a subcommittee of ETCOG, stating their case for the funds.

The committee is expected to announce the project winners later that day.

Raissi said the number of mass trash pickup days varies from year to year based
on the city's budget.

"If we can afford it, we offer it," he said. "It's a good thing to help citizens
to get rid of unwanted items. We have also done limb pickup after storms."

___ (c)2012 the Jacksonville Daily Progress (Jacksonville, Texas) Visit the
Jacksonville Daily Progress (Jacksonville, Texas) at
www.jacksonvilleprogress.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120920-JD-BRF-City-applies-for-solid-waste-grant-0920-20120920

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JD


                   Copyright 2012 Jacksonville Daily Progress


                              418 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             March 15, 1991, Friday

CITY LIMITS; AUBURN

SECTION: EXTRA; SECTION J; PAGE 02

LENGTH: 387 words


OFFICIALS DISCUSS WASTE MANAGEMENT: Auburn residents will get the chance to talk
trash Monday when city officials hold a meeting to discuss solid waste
management plans.

"We've been mandated by the Legislature to reduce our solid waste in landfills,"
said Mayor Al Tracy, "so we thought we might as well start to conform now."

In addition to community discussion, the meeting will include a presentation by
Browning Ferris Industries (BFI) on the services it would like to offer the
city.

While Auburn's waste is currently handled by the Speedway Corp., city officials
are looking at alternative services they will need in the future. Since a
comprehensive recycling program is called for, Mayor Tracy said they are looking
at ways both to handle large quantities of recyclable materials and market them
to buyers.

"We're still investigating all the possibilities, but we want to hear what
people have to say,'' the mayor said.

The meeting will be held at 7 p.m. on Monday in the Auburn Elementary School
gym.; SNELLVILLE

COMPUTERIZED VOTER REGISTRATION: Snellville voter registration may soon be
handled through Gwinnett County's computerized system if the City Council
follows through with a plan discussed this week.

Hoping to eliminate duplication of effort and discrepancies, Councilman Mike M.
Chancey suggested that future voter listings be compiled by the county.

Allegations by Mr. Chancey following his unsuccessful 1989 bid for a council
seat led to disclosures by city officials that at least two people were
improperly prevented from voting and four people who lived outside the city
limits were allowed to vote.

The discrepancy was created by a lack of cross-registration with the city and
the county, officials said.

The council voted Monday to examine the efficiency of the county system before
calling a vote on it at the March 25 meeting.

BLOCK GRANT APPROVED: A $ 25,000 federal community development block grant has
been approved to renovate the Snellville Senior Center, but the funds must be
spent by mid-1992, according to the City Council.

City officials learned earlier this week that they would receive the funds,
administered by the County Commission, and must spend them by July 1992.

Compiled by staff writers Robert J. Vickers and Lesa O'Rear.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: mug of Mike M. Chancey

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                              419 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                        The Meridian Star (Mississippi)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 25, 2009 Tuesday

BRIEF: Lauderdale Co. and Quitman awarded grants

BYLINE: The Meridian Star, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 201 words


Aug. 25--The Mississippi Department of Environmental Quality has awarded solid
waste assistance grants to both Lauderdale County and the City of Quitman.

Lauderdale County has been awarded $14,578 for a white goods collection program.
White goods refer to large appliances.

Quitman has been awarded $15,000 for a wood waste recycling program.

MDEQ solid waste grants are applied for and utilized by communities around the
state for programs to prevent and clean up unauthorized dumps; to aid in hiring
local solid waste enforcement officers; for public education efforts on solid
waste disposal and recycling; and to establish programs for the collection of
white goods, bulky wastes and recyclables.

Information about this grant program and other initiatives is available at
www.deq.state.ms.us.

To see more of The Meridian Star or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.meridianstar.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Meridian Star, Miss.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090825-ZG-BRF-Lauderdale-Co-and-Quitman-awarded-grants-0825

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZG


                                 Copyright 2009


                              420 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                     The Lebanon Daily News (Pennsylvania)

                            September 8, 2014 Monday

Cornwall hears details on recycling grant application

BYLINE: By Douglas Stump For The Lebanon Daily News

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 325 words


CORNWALL &GT;&GT; John Lundsted of the Bureau of Waste Management, Pennsylvania
Department of Environmental Protection, attended the Cornwall Borough Council
meeting Monday to answer questions about the process of applying for an Act 101
recycling program grant. The borough has applied for a grant to fund the
creation of a recycling collection center.

The borough will be required to pass a revised open-burning ordinance and an
ordinance to amend solid waste and recycling regulations to qualify for the
grant. The new version of the burning ordinance will prohibit the burning of
material identified as "recyclable material."

Council Vice President John Karinch, presiding over the meeting, asked Lundsted
if commercial properties, churches and schools will be required to participate
in a recycling program. Lundsted said they need not, but "you need to have a
program to encourage them to do it."The more they do it, the better your
performance rating will be," said Lundsted.

Council agreed to advertise the revised ordinance and expects to pass it at its
October meeting.

Tom Smith, borough maintenance superintendent said he recommends a recycling
drop-off center in the borough be used to collect cardboard, newspapers and
office paper, items borough residents would not be permitted to burn and would
not likely be collected by a waste hauler serving the borough.

In other business, the council accepted the resignation of part-time police
officer Ryan Sweigart. Police Chief Bruce Harris said Sweigart accepted a job
with a police department in Lancaster County. He recommend the hiring of Glenn
L. Fields, a former state police trooper, to replace Sweigart. The council
approved the hiring.

Council also designated Oct. 30 as the official trick or treat night in the
borough, from 6 to 8 p.m.

And the zoning officer for the borough reported that 12 building permits were
received in August with a total estimated construction cost of $1,329,613.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 Lebanon Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              421 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            Waterloo Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 20, 2009 Sunday

Needs stress county grant program

BYLINE: Tim Jamison, Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 378 words


Dec. 20--WATERLOO -- Nonprofit agencies have overwhelmed Black Hawk County with
requests for money to provide services to the needy.

Members of a board tasked with doling out some $175,765 in county government
funds to those organizations found themselves last week facing nearly $450,000
in applications.

"There is such great need for human services in the county at this time,
especially with the economy and so many people out of work," said Sarah Craft, a
member of the county Solid Waste Funds Allocation Board. "It's difficult to
decide who gets what and how much."

The county receives a set amount of landfill profits each year from the county
Solid Waste Management commission, which has been earmarked for the last six
years to nonprofit agencies organized under section 501(c)3 of the tax code.

The allocation board reviewed those applications Thursday and has forwarded
their recommendation to the county Board of Supervisors, which ultimately
decides which agencies get funding.

Despite having to pare down requests and drop some programs entirely, allocation
board Chairwoman Nikita Rainey-Thomas said she felt the focus was left squarely
on helping those struggling with basic needs in the current economy.

That included a healthy grant to help the Northeast Iowa Food Bank provide food
to the hungry, utility assistance through Operation Threshold and housing
assistance through several organizations.

"I think we accomplished our mission," Thomas said. "We did the crisis
intervention, food, clothing and shelter."

Organizations not providing direct services to people were generally out of the
mix.

"Anybody that's making a request for brick and mortar this year, I say no," said
board member Jerome Amos.

The allocation board's proposal is expected to be considered by the Board of
Supervisors during the Dec. 29 meeting.

To see more of the Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.wcfcourier.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Waterloo-Cedar
Falls Courier, Iowa Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091220-OO-Needs-stress-county-grant-program-1220

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OO


                        Copyright 2009 Waterloo Courier


                              422 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                     Enterprise Record (Chico, California)

                              May 27, 2005 Friday

Willows council reserves $600,000 for wastewater plant

BYLINE: BARBARA ARRIGONI - Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 423 words

DATELINE: WILLOWS


Although the Willows City Council grappled most of the evening with solving
parking problems in the city, raising garbage fees and putting up money for the
wastewater treatment facility met with quick decisions this week.

Besides approving an increase in fees to citizens for waste disposal, the
council Tuesday authorized $600,000 from the general fund reserve to bridge a
gap in the amount needed to cover the nearly $10.75 million price tag to build a
new wastewater treatment facility.

But first, the garbage. Garbage-collection fees will increase 2.2 percent
beginning July 1, the council decided. A 2.2 percent increase will also apply to
residents who do not have garbage service.

The last waste-disposal fee increase was in March 2004. That increase was 1.9
percent.

Garbage and refuse removal contractor Waste Management, Inc. requested an
across-the-board increase in residential and commercial rates based on increases
in the consumer price index, according to the city manager's written report.

"Unfortunately, that's the cost of doing business ..." said Council member Rose
Marie Thrailkill, following the unanimous approval. "I hate to see it go up."

Next, from home and commercial waste to wastewater treatment, committing
$600,000 to the new facility was another decision council members previously
said they didn't want to make, but had to.

The interim agreement allows the city to move forward in awarding a contractors'
bid to begin the project, which the state requires completion of by March 2006.
The $600,000 will cover the amount needed if a grant application for more than
$500,000 is turned down.

"If this thing doesn't work out right, we'll have to have a giant bake sale and
car wash," Thrailkill said prior to approving the commitment.

The city already has a loan guarantee for $7.5 million from the U.S. Department
of Agriculture, which will be paid upon completion of the project.

To begin work on the facility, the city secured a $7.5 million construction line
of credit from U.S. Bank. The city expects word by June 3 on a grant request for
another $2 million.

In a related action, the council adopted a resolution for the city to issue loan
anticipation notes backed by the USDA loan. Finance Director Tim Sailsberry said
the notes provide secondary security to repay the U.S. Bank construction loan.
He said the USDA loan is the primary security for the notes.

Staff writer Barbara Arrigoni can be reached at 896-7757 or
barrigoni@chicoer.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers


                              423 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                              The Lima News (Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              May 24, 2015 Sunday

BRIEF: Local entities receive grants

BYLINE: Lance Mihm, The Lima News, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 153 words


May 24--COLUMBUS -- Several local government entities were among those receiving
$1.46 million in grant funding from the Ohio Environmental Protection Agency to
strengthen local recycling and litter prevention efforts.

Local projects approved for funding included the Auglaize County Solid Waste
District ($84,314), the city of St. Marys ($62,513), Shelby County ($100,000)
and the Van Wert Solid Waste Management District ($21,320).

The Community Recycling and Litter Prevention Grant provides financial
assistance to communities based on need, the demonstration of positive economic
and environmental impacts regionally or statewide and the potential for
permanent service that does not need assistance from outside funding. Grant
communities must commit 50 percent local matching funds.

___ (c)2015 The Lima News (Lima, Ohio) Visit The Lima News (Lima, Ohio) at
www.limaohio.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150524-LM-BRF-Local-entities-receive-grants-0524-20150524

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LM


                          Copyright 2015 The Lima News


                              424 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                           September 29, 2013 Sunday

PU gets Rs 1-cr grant to develop waste management project

BYLINE: Srishti Choudhary

LENGTH: 402  words

DATELINE: Chandigrah


While Chandigarh continues to tackle the problem of management of municipal
solid waste, with the city generating 350 tonne of it daily, Panjab University
(PU) professor Dr S K Soni has undertaken a research project to address the
problem in a cost-effective and environmental-friendly way. PU has received a
grant of Rs 1 crore from the Ministry of Science and Technology, Government of
India for the pilot project.

The project is based on the idea of evolving an integrated process of
bio-conversion of the solid waste into bio-ethanol, which can further be used as
fuel. Titled, 'Bio-refinery for cost effective bio-ethanol production from
biodegradable municipal solid waste: Technology Development and its validation',
the research, is slated to take three years for completion.

Highlighting that there has been a significant increase in municipal solid waste
generation in India in the last few decades, Dr Soni said the issue has become a
major environmental concern.

"The only solution adopted is collection of the waste for land-filling, which is
not only filthy, but also leads to contamination of groundwater. Moreover, it
causes inconvenience to the residents of the near-by areas, as there is a
constant fear of explosion of methane gas, which gets accumulated at the
land-filling site," said Dr Soni, who is a professor in the Department of
Microbiology.

The city has only one garbage-processing plant, stretched over 10 acres of land
in Dadu Majra area on the outskirts of the city. It is significant to note that
it has remained a cause of worry for the city residents, civic body and
environmentalists, ever since it was inaugurated in 2008, because of the foul
smell it generates and other environmental hazards.

Elaborating on the outcomes of the project, Professor Soni said the experiments
on the subject began in the department laboratory five years back. "We will
validate the results achieved, through the project. The process will reduce the
levels of municipal solid waste, help in reducing greenhouse emissions and
increase the country's energy security," he said.

It is also significant to note that a cheaper way of production of bio-ethanol
will be evolved through the project, which can then be produced at a larger
scale to reduce the demand of petrol/diesel. "Many countries have successfully
tackled the energy crisis through this way, then why should India lag behind,"
Dr Soni added.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2013 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              425 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       Moscow-Pullman Daily News (Idaho)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 15, 2011 Tuesday

Moscow committee reviews sanitation strategic plan

BYLINE: Christina Lords, Moscow-Pullman Daily News, Moscow, Idaho

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 774 words


Feb. 15--Inefficient solid waste collection costs the city of Moscow about
$121,400 every year.

Audit findings in 2009 showed about 23 percent of the waste collected by the
city was not billed.

"We're missing out on literally hundreds of thousands of dollars of revenue,"
said City Supervisor Gary Riedner.

Tim Davis, Moscow sanitation operations manager, said the Sanitation
Department's Solid Waste Management Strategic Plan, which went before the Moscow
City Council's Public Works and Finance Committee on Monday, outlines areas the
city can focus on to fix all that -- or at least make a substantial dent in it.

The strategic plan outlines six goals: provide adequate sanitation services,
correct inefficiencies in services to ensure fair charges to the customer,
maintain health and aesthetic improvements, conduct an assessment of the Solid
Waste Processing Facility Transfer Station, assess needed improvements for
Moscow's Recycling Center and conduct a sanitation utility rate study.

The audit and plan lay out a pathway to correct collection issues and address
facility improvements within the system, Davis said.

By including new technologies in the city's route management system, including
GPS and computer technology in collection trucks, the customer will be better
served because the city will have a more accurate representation of what is
happening as waste is collected street by street and resident by resident, he
said.

The city has about 5,500 residential solid waste accounts, Davis said, and
thousands of those accounts see service changes every year, especially at the
conclusion of each semester, he said.

A new system would increase the communication between the city and the customer,
including more precise information on how and when waste is collected, Davis
said.

"We don't have the tools to communicate back and forth, so that's going to help
a lot," he said.

Other improvement options include offering standardized, city-issued garbage
cans, Davis said.

The roll-out carts come in a variety of sizes, offer uniformity during waste
collection and are generally more durable and weather resistant than other
options, he said.

The strategic plan went before the Sustainable Environment Commission in
December, and it endorsed the plan Jan. 18. It will go before the full City
Council on Tuesday.

In other Public Works and Finance Committee business:

The committee agreed the city should not pursue a reduction in the speed limit
from 45 mph to 35 mph on West Pullman Road from in front of the Palouse Mall to
the state line. In 2009, Mayor Nancy Chaney asked city staff to study such a
change. The Idaho Transportation Department sent results of an early 2010 field
study to Moscow's Transportation Commission. Both ITD and the commission
recommended keeping the limit at 45 mph.

Discussions of a proposed policy on stop sign installation and removal, and of
an update on a surface water reservoir feasibility study were postponed until
the next committee meeting.

In Administrative Committee business:

The city is applying for two design and construction grants for East City Park,
one through the National Endowment of the Arts for a new stage and another
through the Steele-Reese Foundation for performing arts equipment. Grants
Manager Alisa Stone said the NEA grant will be combined with a design grant for
the 1912 Center. Grant applications are due in early March, she said.

The committee recommended leasing Noel Communications fiber optic strands from
City Hall to the 600 block of Washington Street. The city has a handful of other
contracts with the company.

Community Development Director Bill Belknap said about 25 percent, or 42 of 172
contractors in the city's permitting database, responded to the first of the
department's biennial surveys to gauge what the department is doing well, what
it can improve and what contractors think of it.

Nearly all of those surveyed said they agree or strongly agree that the
department's front desk is courteous and helpful, but only about half agreed or
strongly agreed the department keeps contractors updated on pending code
changes. About 80 percent responded favorably when asked if the city's permit
forms were easy to use. Christina Lords can be reached at (208) 882-5561, ext.
301, or by e-mail to clords@dnews.com

To see more of the Moscow-Pullman Daily News or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://www.dnews.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Moscow-Pullman Daily News,
Moscow, Idaho Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110215-1MW-Moscow-committee-reviews-sanitation-strategic-plan-0215-20110215

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MW


                    Copyright 2011 Moscow-Pullman Daily News


                              426 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 30, 2014 Tuesday

West Virginia: Thirty Recipients Benefit From Recycling Grants

LENGTH: 1180  words

DATELINE: Charleston


The State of West Virginia has issued the following news release:

Thirty recipients were awarded grants today worth $1.8 million through the REAP
(Rehabilitation Environmental Action Plan) Recycling Assistance Grants program,
sponsored by the West Virginia Department of Environmental Protection.

DEP Cabinet Secretary Randy Huffman presented the 2015 grants during a ceremony
at the agency's headquarters in Kanawha City. Grants were awarded to state solid
waste authorities, county commissions, municipalities, private industries and
nonprofit organizations to assist them in their recycling efforts.

Funding for the Recycling Assistance Grants Program is generated through the $1
assessment fee per ton of solid waste disposed of at in-state landfills and is
provided by WV Code 22-15A-19(h) (1).

Following are the grant recipients:

BERKELEY COUNTY
Berkeley County Solid Waste Authority $105,362
To assist with yard abutment wall improvement, storm water management, dual
stream building improvement, tire replacements for equipment, roll off container
repairs, roll off container purchase, gravel/stone, battery recycling
services/supplies, CFL recycling services/supplies and concrete pad repairs for
the county-wide program.

BOONE COUNTY
D & D Recycling $37,439
To purchase a mini excavator, drive on scale, steel storage building and lifting
magnet for the ongoing operation.

CABELL COUNTY
Cabell County Solid Waste Authority $61,542
To assist with recycling coordinator wages, recycling laborer wages, recycling
program expansion, recycling hauler expenses, educational outreach, small pickup
truck, and fuel and insurance for the
county-wide program.

Goodwill Industries of KYOWVA Area $74,984
To purchase a rollback truck, mobile mega-bins, roll off recycling containers,
bulk trucks, fuel for recycling trucks, bailing wire and gaylord boxes for the
ongoing operation.

Huntington WV Area Habitat for Humanity $41,646
To assist with latex paint recycling program equipment, materials handling
equipment, conference attendance, fuel for recycling trucks, insurance for
recycling trucks, advertising campaign, printed brochures, utilities,
maintenance repairs for recycling trucks and office supplies for the ongoing
program.

Metal Center Recycling $43,563
To purchase a skid steer for the recycling operation.

Mountwest Community & Technical College $26,760
To assist with classroom receptacles, exterior receptacles, tilt truck,
recycling compactor and collection, printing and advertising of educational
material for the new campus-wide recycling program.

FAYETTE COUNTY
Fayetteville, Town of $75,000
To assist with paving at the recycling center, wages for the recycling center
employee and attending the annual conference for the town's ongoing program.

GREENBRIER COUNTY
Greenworks Recycling $14,233
To purchase a mid-size pickup truck, rhino lining and specialized truck rack for
the recycling operation.

JACKSON COUNTY
Jackson County Solid Waste Authority $107,290
To assist with fuel, tires and parts, repairs and maintenance, building
utilities, baling wire, skid steer loader, down stroke baler, employee salary
and wages, insurance for recycling vehicles, CED disposal
costs, attend recycling conference and blacktop for outside work area for the
county-wide program.

JEFFERSON COUNTY
Jefferson County Solid Waste Authority $18,000
To assist with the county-wide yard waste grinding program.

KANAWHA COUNTY
Recycling Coalition of WV $49,500
To assist with WV Recycles Day Educational inserts and advertising (print and
electronic media).

YMCA of Kanawha Valley $22,640
To assist with recycling coordinator salary, 2 stream 23-gallon containers,
16-gallon containers, kidz wastewatcher single container, kaleidoscope 2 stream
container, artwork fee for graphics, custom graphics per container, round single
recycling container, recycling bags, 95-gallon bins (6), recycling bin cart and
blue recycling bin for a new initiative.

LINCOLN COUNTY
Lincoln County Solid Waste Authority $20,560
To assist with recycling coordinator program manager wages, recycling bin pulls,
conference attendance and promotional items for the county-wide program.

MARION COUNTY
Reclaim Company $75,000
To purchase a pre-shredder/granulator for the ongoing operation.

MERCER COUNTY
City of Bluefield $21,500
To assist with recycling coordinator salary, fuel, recycling bags, promotional
items, vehicle expenses, office supplies and operational supplies for the
city-wide program.

Empire Waste Systems $30,878
To purchase a Hino truck chassis or equivalent for the ongoing operation.

Lusk Disposal $52,500
To purchase dumpsters for the cardboard recycling operation.

Mercer County Solid Waste Authority $100,000
To assist with the recycling facility expansion for the county-wide program.

MONONGALIA COUNTY
PACE Enterprises $48,096
To assist with recycling laborer wages, recycling containers, fuel for trucks,
baling wire, office supplies, uniforms and safety equipment for the ongoing
operation.

WVU Research Corporation $13,000
To purchase 60 recycling bins for the campus-wide recycling program.

MONROE COUNTY
Monroe County Commission $48,977
To assist with the recycling building foundation and concrete slabs for the
county-wide program.

NICHOLAS COUNTY
Coffman's Metals $35,000
To purchase a CD 3600 Can Densor or equivalent for the current operation.

Nicholas Sanitation $75,000
To purchase 2 self-contained 36-yard compactors and a 2014 New Holland skid
loader or equivalent for the recycling operation.

RALEIGH COUNTY
Raleigh County Solid Waste Authority $91,844
To assist with the recycling building expansion and crane rental for the
county-wide program.

ROANE COUNTY
Roane County Solid Waste Authority $150,000
To assist with a new recycling facility structure, labor wages, fuel for vehicle
fleet and insurance for vehicle fleet for the county-wide program.

WAYNE COUNTY
Wayne County Commission $78,250
To purchase metal siding and interior insulation, lighting and 12 x 12
insulation garage door for the recycling center.

Wayne County Solid Waste Authority $44,599
To assist with labor wages, down stroke baler, fuel, utilities and office
supplies for the county-wide program.

WETZEL COUNTY
Zanesville Welfare Organization $70,000
To purchase a new horizontal baler with conveyer for the ongoing operation.

WOOD COUNTY
City of Parkersburg $89,407
To assist with a part-time recycling assistant, recycling truck (used side
loader), recycling program website update, recycling program education
materials, recycling program promotional/advertising, new/used baler and travel
to conference/educational events for the city-wide program.

For more DEP news and information, go to www.dep.wv.gov. Also, be sure to
connect with the agency on all social media platforms. Follow @DEPWV on Twitter
and find us on YouTube by searching "Environment Matters." For specific
information about the Adopt-A-Highway, West Virginia Project WET (Water
Education for Teachers), West Virginia NonPoint Source and Youth Environmental
programs, connect on Facebook.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              427 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 24, 2014 Wednesday

West Virginia: Thirty Recipients Benefit From Recycling Grants

LENGTH: 1180  words

DATELINE: Charleston


The State of West Virginia has issued the following news release:

Thirty recipients were awarded grants today worth $1.8 million through the REAP
(Rehabilitation Environmental Action Plan) Recycling Assistance Grants program,
sponsored by the West Virginia Department of Environmental Protection.

DEP Cabinet Secretary Randy Huffman presented the 2015 grants during a ceremony
at the agency's headquarters in Kanawha City. Grants were awarded to state solid
waste authorities, county commissions, municipalities, private industries and
nonprofit organizations to assist them in their recycling efforts.

Funding for the Recycling Assistance Grants Program is generated through the $1
assessment fee per ton of solid waste disposed of at in-state landfills and is
provided by WV Code 22-15A-19(h) (1).

Following are the grant recipients:

BERKELEY COUNTY
Berkeley County Solid Waste Authority $105,362
To assist with yard abutment wall improvement, storm water management, dual
stream building improvement, tire replacements for equipment, roll off container
repairs, roll off container purchase, gravel/stone, battery recycling
services/supplies, CFL recycling services/supplies and concrete pad repairs for
the county-wide program.

BOONE COUNTY
D & D Recycling $37,439
To purchase a mini excavator, drive on scale, steel storage building and lifting
magnet for the ongoing operation.

CABELL COUNTY
Cabell County Solid Waste Authority $61,542
To assist with recycling coordinator wages, recycling laborer wages, recycling
program expansion, recycling hauler expenses, educational outreach, small pickup
truck, and fuel and insurance for the
county-wide program.

Goodwill Industries of KYOWVA Area $74,984
To purchase a rollback truck, mobile mega-bins, roll off recycling containers,
bulk trucks, fuel for recycling trucks, bailing wire and gaylord boxes for the
ongoing operation.

Huntington WV Area Habitat for Humanity $41,646
To assist with latex paint recycling program equipment, materials handling
equipment, conference attendance, fuel for recycling trucks, insurance for
recycling trucks, advertising campaign, printed brochures, utilities,
maintenance repairs for recycling trucks and office supplies for the ongoing
program.

Metal Center Recycling $43,563
To purchase a skid steer for the recycling operation.

Mountwest Community & Technical College $26,760
To assist with classroom receptacles, exterior receptacles, tilt truck,
recycling compactor and collection, printing and advertising of educational
material for the new campus-wide recycling program.

FAYETTE COUNTY
Fayetteville, Town of $75,000
To assist with paving at the recycling center, wages for the recycling center
employee and attending the annual conference for the town's ongoing program.

GREENBRIER COUNTY
Greenworks Recycling $14,233
To purchase a mid-size pickup truck, rhino lining and specialized truck rack for
the recycling operation.

JACKSON COUNTY
Jackson County Solid Waste Authority $107,290
To assist with fuel, tires and parts, repairs and maintenance, building
utilities, baling wire, skid steer loader, down stroke baler, employee salary
and wages, insurance for recycling vehicles, CED disposal
costs, attend recycling conference and blacktop for outside work area for the
county-wide program.

JEFFERSON COUNTY
Jefferson County Solid Waste Authority $18,000
To assist with the county-wide yard waste grinding program.

KANAWHA COUNTY
Recycling Coalition of WV $49,500
To assist with WV Recycles Day Educational inserts and advertising (print and
electronic media).

YMCA of Kanawha Valley $22,640
To assist with recycling coordinator salary, 2 stream 23-gallon containers,
16-gallon containers, kidz wastewatcher single container, kaleidoscope 2 stream
container, artwork fee for graphics, custom graphics per container, round single
recycling container, recycling bags, 95-gallon bins (6), recycling bin cart and
blue recycling bin for a new initiative.

LINCOLN COUNTY
Lincoln County Solid Waste Authority $20,560
To assist with recycling coordinator program manager wages, recycling bin pulls,
conference attendance and promotional items for the county-wide program.

MARION COUNTY
Reclaim Company $75,000
To purchase a pre-shredder/granulator for the ongoing operation.

MERCER COUNTY
City of Bluefield $21,500
To assist with recycling coordinator salary, fuel, recycling bags, promotional
items, vehicle expenses, office supplies and operational supplies for the
city-wide program.

Empire Waste Systems $30,878
To purchase a Hino truck chassis or equivalent for the ongoing operation.

Lusk Disposal $52,500
To purchase dumpsters for the cardboard recycling operation.

Mercer County Solid Waste Authority $100,000
To assist with the recycling facility expansion for the county-wide program.

MONONGALIA COUNTY
PACE Enterprises $48,096
To assist with recycling laborer wages, recycling containers, fuel for trucks,
baling wire, office supplies, uniforms and safety equipment for the ongoing
operation.

WVU Research Corporation $13,000
To purchase 60 recycling bins for the campus-wide recycling program.

MONROE COUNTY
Monroe County Commission $48,977
To assist with the recycling building foundation and concrete slabs for the
county-wide program.

NICHOLAS COUNTY
Coffman's Metals $35,000
To purchase a CD 3600 Can Densor or equivalent for the current operation.

Nicholas Sanitation $75,000
To purchase 2 self-contained 36-yard compactors and a 2014 New Holland skid
loader or equivalent for the recycling operation.

RALEIGH COUNTY
Raleigh County Solid Waste Authority $91,844
To assist with the recycling building expansion and crane rental for the
county-wide program.

ROANE COUNTY
Roane County Solid Waste Authority $150,000
To assist with a new recycling facility structure, labor wages, fuel for vehicle
fleet and insurance for vehicle fleet for the county-wide program.

WAYNE COUNTY
Wayne County Commission $78,250
To purchase metal siding and interior insulation, lighting and 12 x 12
insulation garage door for the recycling center.

Wayne County Solid Waste Authority $44,599
To assist with labor wages, down stroke baler, fuel, utilities and office
supplies for the county-wide program.

WETZEL COUNTY
Zanesville Welfare Organization $70,000
To purchase a new horizontal baler with conveyer for the ongoing operation.

WOOD COUNTY
City of Parkersburg $89,407
To assist with a part-time recycling assistant, recycling truck (used side
loader), recycling program website update, recycling program education
materials, recycling program promotional/advertising, new/used baler and travel
to conference/educational events for the city-wide program.

For more DEP news and information, go to www.dep.wv.gov. Also, be sure to
connect with the agency on all social media platforms. Follow @DEPWV on Twitter
and find us on YouTube by searching "Environment Matters." For specific
information about the Adopt-A-Highway, West Virginia Project WET (Water
Education for Teachers), West Virginia NonPoint Source and Youth Environmental
programs, connect on Facebook.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              428 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 23, 2014 Tuesday

West Virginia: Thirty Recipients Benefit From Recycling Grants

LENGTH: 1180  words

DATELINE: Charleston


The State of West Virginia has issued the following news release:

_ Thirty recipients were awarded grants today worth $1.8 million through the
REAP (Rehabilitation Environmental Action Plan) Recycling Assistance Grants
program, sponsored by the West Virginia Department of Environmental Protection.

DEP Cabinet Secretary Randy Huffman presented the 2015 grants during a ceremony
at the agency's headquarters in Kanawha City. Grants were awarded to state solid
waste authorities, county commissions, municipalities, private industries and
nonprofit organizations to assist them in their recycling efforts.

Funding for the Recycling Assistance Grants Program is generated through the $1
assessment fee per ton of solid waste disposed of at in-state landfills and is
provided by WV Code 22-15A-19(h) (1).

Following are the grant recipients:

BERKELEY COUNTY
Berkeley County Solid Waste Authority $105,362
To assist with yard abutment wall improvement, storm water management, dual
stream building improvement, tire replacements for equipment, roll off container
repairs, roll off container purchase, gravel/stone, battery recycling
services/supplies, CFL recycling services/supplies and concrete pad repairs for
the county-wide program.

BOONE COUNTY
D & D Recycling $37,439
To purchase a mini excavator, drive on scale, steel storage building and lifting
magnet for the ongoing operation.

CABELL COUNTY
Cabell County Solid Waste Authority $61,542
To assist with recycling coordinator wages, recycling laborer wages, recycling
program expansion, recycling hauler expenses, educational outreach, small pickup
truck, and fuel and insurance for the
county-wide program.

Goodwill Industries of KYOWVA Area $74,984
To purchase a rollback truck, mobile mega-bins, roll off recycling containers,
bulk trucks, fuel for recycling trucks, bailing wire and gaylord boxes for the
ongoing operation.

Huntington WV Area Habitat for Humanity $41,646
To assist with latex paint recycling program equipment, materials handling
equipment, conference attendance, fuel for recycling trucks, insurance for
recycling trucks, advertising campaign, printed brochures, utilities,
maintenance repairs for recycling trucks and office supplies for the ongoing
program.

Metal Center Recycling $43,563
To purchase a skid steer for the recycling operation.

Mountwest Community & Technical College $26,760
To assist with classroom receptacles, exterior receptacles, tilt truck,
recycling compactor and collection, printing and advertising of educational
material for the new campus-wide recycling program.

FAYETTE COUNTY
Fayetteville, Town of $75,000
To assist with paving at the recycling center, wages for the recycling center
employee and attending the annual conference for the town's ongoing program.

GREENBRIER COUNTY
Greenworks Recycling $14,233
To purchase a mid-size pickup truck, rhino lining and specialized truck rack for
the recycling operation.

JACKSON COUNTY
Jackson County Solid Waste Authority $107,290
To assist with fuel, tires and parts, repairs and maintenance, building
utilities, baling wire, skid steer loader, down stroke baler, employee salary
and wages, insurance for recycling vehicles, CED disposal
costs, attend recycling conference and blacktop for outside work area for the
county-wide program.

JEFFERSON COUNTY
Jefferson County Solid Waste Authority $18,000
To assist with the county-wide yard waste grinding program.

KANAWHA COUNTY
Recycling Coalition of WV $49,500
To assist with WV Recycles Day Educational inserts and advertising (print and
electronic media).

YMCA of Kanawha Valley $22,640
To assist with recycling coordinator salary, 2 stream 23-gallon containers,
16-gallon containers, kidz wastewatcher single container, kaleidoscope 2 stream
container, artwork fee for graphics, custom graphics per container, round single
recycling container, recycling bags, 95-gallon bins (6), recycling bin cart and
blue recycling bin for a new initiative.

LINCOLN COUNTY
Lincoln County Solid Waste Authority $20,560
To assist with recycling coordinator program manager wages, recycling bin pulls,
conference attendance and promotional items for the county-wide program.

MARION COUNTY
Reclaim Company $75,000
To purchase a pre-shredder/granulator for the ongoing operation.

MERCER COUNTY
City of Bluefield $21,500
To assist with recycling coordinator salary, fuel, recycling bags, promotional
items, vehicle expenses, office supplies and operational supplies for the
city-wide program.

Empire Waste Systems $30,878
To purchase a Hino truck chassis or equivalent for the ongoing operation.

Lusk Disposal $52,500
To purchase dumpsters for the cardboard recycling operation.

Mercer County Solid Waste Authority $100,000
To assist with the recycling facility expansion for the county-wide program.

MONONGALIA COUNTY
PACE Enterprises $48,096
To assist with recycling laborer wages, recycling containers, fuel for trucks,
baling wire, office supplies, uniforms and safety equipment for the ongoing
operation.

WVU Research Corporation $13,000
To purchase 60 recycling bins for the campus-wide recycling program.

MONROE COUNTY
Monroe County Commission $48,977
To assist with the recycling building foundation and concrete slabs for the
county-wide program.

NICHOLAS COUNTY
Coffman's Metals $35,000
To purchase a CD 3600 Can Densor or equivalent for the current operation.

Nicholas Sanitation $75,000
To purchase 2 self-contained 36-yard compactors and a 2014 New Holland skid
loader or equivalent for the recycling operation.

RALEIGH COUNTY
Raleigh County Solid Waste Authority $91,844
To assist with the recycling building expansion and crane rental for the
county-wide program.

ROANE COUNTY
Roane County Solid Waste Authority $150,000
To assist with a new recycling facility structure, labor wages, fuel for vehicle
fleet and insurance for vehicle fleet for the county-wide program.

WAYNE COUNTY
Wayne County Commission $78,250
To purchase metal siding and interior insulation, lighting and 12 x 12
insulation garage door for the recycling center.

Wayne County Solid Waste Authority $44,599
To assist with labor wages, down stroke baler, fuel, utilities and office
supplies for the county-wide program.

WETZEL COUNTY
Zanesville Welfare Organization $70,000
To purchase a new horizontal baler with conveyer for the ongoing operation.

WOOD COUNTY
City of Parkersburg $89,407
To assist with a part-time recycling assistant, recycling truck (used side
loader), recycling program website update, recycling program education
materials, recycling program promotional/advertising, new/used baler and travel
to conference/educational events for the city-wide program.

For more DEP news and information, go to www.dep.wv.gov. Also, be sure to
connect with the agency on all social media platforms. Follow @DEPWV on Twitter
and find us on YouTube by searching "Environment Matters." For specific
information about the Adopt-A-Highway, West Virginia Project WET (Water
Education for Teachers), West Virginia NonPoint Source and Youth Environmental
programs, connect on Facebook.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              429 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 22, 2014 Monday

West Virginia: Thirty Recipients Benefit From Recycling Grants

LENGTH: 1180  words

DATELINE: Charleston


The State of West Virginia has issued the following news release:

Thirty recipients were awarded grants today worth $1.8 million through the REAP
(Rehabilitation Environmental Action Plan) Recycling Assistance Grants program,
sponsored by the West Virginia Department of Environmental Protection.

DEP Cabinet Secretary Randy Huffman presented the 2015 grants during a ceremony
at the agency's headquarters in Kanawha City. Grants were awarded to state solid
waste authorities, county commissions, municipalities, private industries and
nonprofit organizations to assist them in their recycling efforts.

Funding for the Recycling Assistance Grants Program is generated through the $1
assessment fee per ton of solid waste disposed of at in-state landfills and is
provided by WV Code 22-15A-19(h) (1).

Following are the grant recipients:

BERKELEY COUNTY
Berkeley County Solid Waste Authority $105,362
To assist with yard abutment wall improvement, storm water management, dual
stream building improvement, tire replacements for equipment, roll off container
repairs, roll off container purchase, gravel/stone, battery recycling
services/supplies, CFL recycling services/supplies and concrete pad repairs for
the county-wide program.

BOONE COUNTY
D & D Recycling $37,439
To purchase a mini excavator, drive on scale, steel storage building and lifting
magnet for the ongoing operation.

CABELL COUNTY
Cabell County Solid Waste Authority $61,542
To assist with recycling coordinator wages, recycling laborer wages, recycling
program expansion, recycling hauler expenses, educational outreach, small pickup
truck, and fuel and insurance for the
county-wide program.

Goodwill Industries of KYOWVA Area $74,984
To purchase a rollback truck, mobile mega-bins, roll off recycling containers,
bulk trucks, fuel for recycling trucks, bailing wire and gaylord boxes for the
ongoing operation.

Huntington WV Area Habitat for Humanity $41,646
To assist with latex paint recycling program equipment, materials handling
equipment, conference attendance, fuel for recycling trucks, insurance for
recycling trucks, advertising campaign, printed brochures, utilities,
maintenance repairs for recycling trucks and office supplies for the ongoing
program.

Metal Center Recycling $43,563
To purchase a skid steer for the recycling operation.

Mountwest Community & Technical College $26,760
To assist with classroom receptacles, exterior receptacles, tilt truck,
recycling compactor and collection, printing and advertising of educational
material for the new campus-wide recycling program.

FAYETTE COUNTY
Fayetteville, Town of $75,000
To assist with paving at the recycling center, wages for the recycling center
employee and attending the annual conference for the town's ongoing program.

GREENBRIER COUNTY
Greenworks Recycling $14,233
To purchase a mid-size pickup truck, rhino lining and specialized truck rack for
the recycling operation.

JACKSON COUNTY
Jackson County Solid Waste Authority $107,290
To assist with fuel, tires and parts, repairs and maintenance, building
utilities, baling wire, skid steer loader, down stroke baler, employee salary
and wages, insurance for recycling vehicles, CED disposal
costs, attend recycling conference and blacktop for outside work area for the
county-wide program.

JEFFERSON COUNTY
Jefferson County Solid Waste Authority $18,000
To assist with the county-wide yard waste grinding program.

KANAWHA COUNTY
Recycling Coalition of WV $49,500
To assist with WV Recycles Day Educational inserts and advertising (print and
electronic media).

YMCA of Kanawha Valley $22,640
To assist with recycling coordinator salary, 2 stream 23-gallon containers,
16-gallon containers, kidz wastewatcher single container, kaleidoscope 2 stream
container, artwork fee for graphics, custom graphics per container, round single
recycling container, recycling bags, 95-gallon bins (6), recycling bin cart and
blue recycling bin for a new initiative.

LINCOLN COUNTY
Lincoln County Solid Waste Authority $20,560
To assist with recycling coordinator program manager wages, recycling bin pulls,
conference attendance and promotional items for the county-wide program.

MARION COUNTY
Reclaim Company $75,000
To purchase a pre-shredder/granulator for the ongoing operation.

MERCER COUNTY
City of Bluefield $21,500
To assist with recycling coordinator salary, fuel, recycling bags, promotional
items, vehicle expenses, office supplies and operational supplies for the
city-wide program.

Empire Waste Systems $30,878
To purchase a Hino truck chassis or equivalent for the ongoing operation.

Lusk Disposal $52,500
To purchase dumpsters for the cardboard recycling operation.

Mercer County Solid Waste Authority $100,000
To assist with the recycling facility expansion for the county-wide program.

MONONGALIA COUNTY
PACE Enterprises $48,096
To assist with recycling laborer wages, recycling containers, fuel for trucks,
baling wire, office supplies, uniforms and safety equipment for the ongoing
operation.

WVU Research Corporation $13,000
To purchase 60 recycling bins for the campus-wide recycling program.

MONROE COUNTY
Monroe County Commission $48,977
To assist with the recycling building foundation and concrete slabs for the
county-wide program.

NICHOLAS COUNTY
Coffman's Metals $35,000
To purchase a CD 3600 Can Densor or equivalent for the current operation.

Nicholas Sanitation $75,000
To purchase 2 self-contained 36-yard compactors and a 2014 New Holland skid
loader or equivalent for the recycling operation.

RALEIGH COUNTY
Raleigh County Solid Waste Authority $91,844
To assist with the recycling building expansion and crane rental for the
county-wide program.

ROANE COUNTY
Roane County Solid Waste Authority $150,000
To assist with a new recycling facility structure, labor wages, fuel for vehicle
fleet and insurance for vehicle fleet for the county-wide program.

WAYNE COUNTY
Wayne County Commission $78,250
To purchase metal siding and interior insulation, lighting and 12 x 12
insulation garage door for the recycling center.

Wayne County Solid Waste Authority $44,599
To assist with labor wages, down stroke baler, fuel, utilities and office
supplies for the county-wide program.

WETZEL COUNTY
Zanesville Welfare Organization $70,000
To purchase a new horizontal baler with conveyer for the ongoing operation.

WOOD COUNTY
City of Parkersburg $89,407
To assist with a part-time recycling assistant, recycling truck (used side
loader), recycling program website update, recycling program education
materials, recycling program promotional/advertising, new/used baler and travel
to conference/educational events for the city-wide program.

For more DEP news and information, go to www.dep.wv.gov. Also, be sure to
connect with the agency on all social media platforms. Follow @DEPWV on Twitter
and find us on YouTube by searching "Environment Matters." For specific
information about the Adopt-A-Highway, West Virginia Project WET (Water
Education for Teachers), West Virginia NonPoint Source and Youth Environmental
programs, connect on Facebook.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              430 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 20, 2014 Saturday

West Virginia: Thirty Recipients Benefit From Recycling Grants

LENGTH: 1112  words

DATELINE: Charleston


The State of West Virginia has issued the following news release:

Thirty recipients were awarded grants today worth $1.8 million through the REAP
(Rehabilitation Environmental Action Plan) Recycling Assistance Grants program,
sponsored by the West Virginia Department of Environmental Protection.

DEP Cabinet Secretary Randy Huffman presented the 2015 grants during a ceremony
at the agency's headquarters in Kanawha City. Grants were awarded to state solid
waste authorities, county commissions, municipalities, private industries and
nonprofit organizations to assist them in their recycling efforts.

Funding for the Recycling Assistance Grants Program is generated through the $1
assessment fee per ton of solid waste disposed of at in-state landfills and is
provided by WV Code 22-15A-19(h) (1).

Following are the grant recipients:

BERKELEY COUNTY
Berkeley County Solid Waste Authority $105,362
To assist with yard abutment wall improvement, storm water management, dual
stream building improvement, tire replacements for equipment, roll off container
repairs, roll off container purchase, gravel/stone, battery recycling
services/supplies, CFL recycling services/supplies and concrete pad repairs for
the county-wide program.

BOONE COUNTY
D & D Recycling $37,439
To purchase a mini excavator, drive on scale, steel storage building and lifting
magnet for the ongoing operation.

CABELL COUNTY
Cabell County Solid Waste Authority $61,542
To assist with recycling coordinator wages, recycling laborer wages, recycling
program expansion, recycling hauler expenses, educational outreach, small pickup
truck, and fuel and insurance for the
county-wide program.

Goodwill Industries of KYOWVA Area $74,984
To purchase a rollback truck, mobile mega-bins, roll off recycling containers,
bulk trucks, fuel for recycling trucks, bailing wire and gaylord boxes for the
ongoing operation.

Huntington WV Area Habitat for Humanity $41,646
To assist with latex paint recycling program equipment, materials handling
equipment, conference attendance, fuel for recycling trucks, insurance for
recycling trucks, advertising campaign, printed brochures, utilities,
maintenance repairs for recycling trucks and office supplies for the ongoing
program.

Metal Center Recycling $43,563
To purchase a skid steer for the recycling operation.

Mountwest Community & Technical College $26,760
To assist with classroom receptacles, exterior receptacles, tilt truck,
recycling compactor and collection, printing and advertising of educational
material for the new campus-wide recycling program.

FAYETTE COUNTY
Fayetteville, Town of $75,000
To assist with paving at the recycling center, wages for the recycling center
employee and attending the annual conference for the town's ongoing program.

GREENBRIER COUNTY
Greenworks Recycling $14,233
To purchase a mid-size pickup truck, rhino lining and specialized truck rack for
the recycling operation.

JACKSON COUNTY
Jackson County Solid Waste Authority $107,290
To assist with fuel, tires and parts, repairs and maintenance, building
utilities, baling wire, skid steer loader, down stroke baler, employee salary
and wages, insurance for recycling vehicles, CED disposal
costs, attend recycling conference and blacktop for outside work area for the
county-wide program.

JEFFERSON COUNTY
Jefferson County Solid Waste Authority $18,000
To assist with the county-wide yard waste grinding program.

KANAWHA COUNTY
Recycling Coalition of WV $49,500
To assist with WV Recycles Day Educational inserts and advertising (print and
electronic media).

YMCA of Kanawha Valley $22,640
To assist with recycling coordinator salary, 2 stream 23-gallon containers,
16-gallon containers, kidz wastewatcher single container, kaleidoscope 2 stream
container, artwork fee for graphics, custom graphics per container, round single
recycling container, recycling bags, 95-gallon bins (6), recycling bin cart and
blue recycling bin for a new initiative.

LINCOLN COUNTY
Lincoln County Solid Waste Authority $20,560
To assist with recycling coordinator program manager wages, recycling bin pulls,
conference attendance and promotional items for the county-wide program.

MARION COUNTY
Reclaim Company $75,000
To purchase a pre-shredder/granulator for the ongoing operation.

MERCER COUNTY
City of Bluefield $21,500
To assist with recycling coordinator salary, fuel, recycling bags, promotional
items, vehicle expenses, office supplies and operational supplies for the
city-wide program.

Empire Waste Systems $30,878
To purchase a Hino truck chassis or equivalent for the ongoing operation.

Lusk Disposal $52,500
To purchase dumpsters for the cardboard recycling operation.

Mercer County Solid Waste Authority $100,000
To assist with the recycling facility expansion for the county-wide program.

MONONGALIA COUNTY
PACE Enterprises $48,096
To assist with recycling laborer wages, recycling containers, fuel for trucks,
baling wire, office supplies, uniforms and safety equipment for the ongoing
operation.

WVU Research Corporation $13,000
To purchase 60 recycling bins for the campus-wide recycling program.

MONROE COUNTY
Monroe County Commission $48,977
To assist with the recycling building foundation and concrete slabs for the
county-wide program.

NICHOLAS COUNTY
Coffman's Metals $35,000
To purchase a CD 3600 Can Densor or equivalent for the current operation.

Nicholas Sanitation $75,000
To purchase 2 self-contained 36-yard compactors and a 2014 New Holland skid
loader or equivalent for the recycling operation.

RALEIGH COUNTY
Raleigh County Solid Waste Authority $91,844
To assist with the recycling building expansion and crane rental for the
county-wide program.

ROANE COUNTY
Roane County Solid Waste Authority $150,000
To assist with a new recycling facility structure, labor wages, fuel for vehicle
fleet and insurance for vehicle fleet for the county-wide program.

WAYNE COUNTY
Wayne County Commission $78,250
To purchase metal siding and interior insulation, lighting and 12 x 12
insulation garage door for the recycling center.

Wayne County Solid Waste Authority $44,599
To assist with labor wages, down stroke baler, fuel, utilities and office
supplies for the county-wide program.

WETZEL COUNTY
Zanesville Welfare Organization $70,000
To purchase a new horizontal baler with conveyer for the ongoing operation.

WOOD COUNTY
City of Parkersburg $89,407
To assist with a part-time recycling assistant, recycling truck (used side
loader), recycling program website update, recycling program education
materials, recycling program promotional/advertising, new/used baler and travel
to conference/educational events for the city-wide program.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              431 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                            July 24, 2014, Thursday

State briefs

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P12A

LENGTH: 326 words


Park Service assesses tourism

CHARLESTON, W.Va. - Four National Park Service attractions in West Virginia drew
a total of 1.5 million visitors last year.

A Park Service report looked at attendance in 2013 at Harpers Ferry National
Historical Park, New River Gorge National River, Bluestone National Scenic River
and Gauley River National Recreation Area. Visitors to those sites spent more
than $63 million, and that directly supported 839 jobs, the report found.

The Park Service said the West Virginia numbers are part of a national look at
the effect of U.S. parks. It found that 30 percent of visitor spending was for
lodging, followed by 27 percent for food and beverages, 12 percent for gas and
oil, and 10 percent apiece for admissions and fees, and souvenirs and other
expenses.

The report also found that 50,000 jobs related to restaurants and bars and
38,000 jobs in the lodging industry were supported by visitor spending.

And nationwide, attendance at national parks totaled 273.6 million in 2013, down
3.2 percent from 2012, according to the report.

West Virginia park attendance figures:

-Bluestone National Scenic River, 36,267 visitors, $1.5 million spent, 19 jobs
supported.

-Gauley River National Recreation Area, 135,310 visitors, $5.5 million spent, 72
jobs supported.

-Harpers Ferry National Historical Park, 255,714 visitors, $11.9 million spent,
166 jobs supported.

-New River Gorge National River, 1.07 million visitors, $44.1 million spent, 582
jobs supported.

Waste programs get grant money

CHARLESTON, W.Va. - Grants totaling $360,000 are headed to 29 solid waste
authorities across West Virginia.

The grants approved by the Solid Waste Management Board are designed to assist
local authorities on properly managing solid waste.

The grants range from $1,000 for Berkeley County to $20,000 for Greenbrier,
Mercer, Ohio and Wood counties. The money will pay for recycling containers,
supplies and programs to dispose of hazardous household events.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Charleston Newspapers


                              432 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 28, 2017 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Information Collection Activity; Comment Request Pages 15324 -
15325 [FR DOC # 2017-06026]

LENGTH: 695  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Utilities Service Information Collection
Activity; Comment Request AGENCY: Rural Utilities Service, USDA. ACTION: Notice
and request for comments.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the United States
Department of Agriculture's Rural Utilities Service (RUS) invites comments on
this information collection for which approval from the Office of Management and
Budget (OMB) will be requested. DATES: Comments on this notice must be received
by May 30, 2017. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Thomas P. Dickson, Acting
Director, Program Development and Regulatory Analysis, Rural Utilities Service,
1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP 1522, Room 5164 South Building, Washington,
DC 20250-1522. Telephone: (202) 690-4492. Email:

thomas.dickson@wdc.usda.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: The Office of Management
and Budget's (OMB) regulation (5 CFR part 1320) implementing provisions of the
Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (Pub. L. 104-13) requires that interested
members of the public and affected agencies have an opportunity to comment on
information collection and recordkeeping activities (see 5 CFR 1320.8(d)). This
notice identifies an information collection that RUS is submitting to OMB for
approval. [[Page 15325]] Comments are invited on: (a) Whether the proposed
collection of information is necessary for the proper performance of the
functions of the agency, including whether the information will have practical
utility; (b) The accuracy of the agency's estimate of the burden of the proposed
collection of information including the validity of the methodology and
assumptions used; (c) Ways to enhance the quality, utility and clarity of the
information to be collected; and (d) Ways to minimize the burden of the
collection of information on those who are to respond, including through the use
of appropriate automated, electronic, mechanical, or other technological
collection techniques or other forms of information technology. Comments may be
sent to: Thomas P. Dickson, Acting Director, Program Development and Regulatory
Analysis, Rural Utilities Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, STOP 1522,
1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1522. Email:
thomas.dickson@wdc.usda.gov Title: Technical Assistance Programs. OMB Control
Number: 0572-0112. Type of Request: Extension of a currently approved
collection. Abstract: The Rural Utilities Service is authorized by section 306
of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1926) to make loans
to public agencies, American Indian tribes, and nonprofit corporations to fund
the development of drinking water, wastewater, and solid waste disposal
facilities in rural areas with populations of up to 10,000 residents. Under the
CONACT, 7 U.S.C. 1925(a), as amended, section 306(a)(14)(A) authorizes Technical
Assistance and Training grants, and 7 U.S.C. 1932(b), section 310B authorizes
Solid Waste Management grants. Grants are made for 100 percent of the cost of
assistance. The Technical Assistance and Training Grants and Solid Waste
Management Grants programs are administered through 7 CFR part 1775. Estimate of
Burden: Public reporting for this collection of information is estimated to
average 3 hours per response. Respondents: Not-for-profit institutions.
Estimated Number of Respondents: 142. Estimated Number of Responses per
Respondent: 17. Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 6,250. Copies of
this information collection can be obtained from Thomas P. Dickson, Program
Development and Regulatory Analysis, at (202) 690- 4492. All responses to this
notice will be summarized and included in the request for OMB approval. All
comments will also become a matter of public record. Dated: March 16, 2017.
Christopher McLean, Acting Administrator, Rural Utilities Service. [FR Doc.
2017-06026 Filed 3-27-17; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              433 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 28, 2017 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Information Collection Activity; Comment Request Pages 15324 -
15325 [FR DOC # 2017-06026]

LENGTH: 695  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Utilities Service Information Collection
Activity; Comment Request AGENCY: Rural Utilities Service, USDA. ACTION: Notice
and request for comments.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, the United States
Department of Agriculture's Rural Utilities Service (RUS) invites comments on
this information collection for which approval from the Office of Management and
Budget (OMB) will be requested. DATES: Comments on this notice must be received
by May 30, 2017. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Thomas P. Dickson, Acting
Director, Program Development and Regulatory Analysis, Rural Utilities Service,
1400 Independence Avenue SW., STOP 1522, Room 5164 South Building, Washington,
DC 20250-1522. Telephone: (202) 690-4492. Email:

thomas.dickson@wdc.usda.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: The Office of Management
and Budget's (OMB) regulation (5 CFR part 1320) implementing provisions of the
Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (Pub. L. 104-13) requires that interested
members of the public and affected agencies have an opportunity to comment on
information collection and recordkeeping activities (see 5 CFR 1320.8(d)). This
notice identifies an information collection that RUS is submitting to OMB for
approval. [[Page 15325]] Comments are invited on: (a) Whether the proposed
collection of information is necessary for the proper performance of the
functions of the agency, including whether the information will have practical
utility; (b) The accuracy of the agency's estimate of the burden of the proposed
collection of information including the validity of the methodology and
assumptions used; (c) Ways to enhance the quality, utility and clarity of the
information to be collected; and (d) Ways to minimize the burden of the
collection of information on those who are to respond, including through the use
of appropriate automated, electronic, mechanical, or other technological
collection techniques or other forms of information technology. Comments may be
sent to: Thomas P. Dickson, Acting Director, Program Development and Regulatory
Analysis, Rural Utilities Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, STOP 1522,
1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-1522. Email:
thomas.dickson@wdc.usda.gov Title: Technical Assistance Programs. OMB Control
Number: 0572-0112. Type of Request: Extension of a currently approved
collection. Abstract: The Rural Utilities Service is authorized by section 306
of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1926) to make loans
to public agencies, American Indian tribes, and nonprofit corporations to fund
the development of drinking water, wastewater, and solid waste disposal
facilities in rural areas with populations of up to 10,000 residents. Under the
CONACT, 7 U.S.C. 1925(a), as amended, section 306(a)(14)(A) authorizes Technical
Assistance and Training grants, and 7 U.S.C. 1932(b), section 310B authorizes
Solid Waste Management grants. Grants are made for 100 percent of the cost of
assistance. The Technical Assistance and Training Grants and Solid Waste
Management Grants programs are administered through 7 CFR part 1775. Estimate of
Burden: Public reporting for this collection of information is estimated to
average 3 hours per response. Respondents: Not-for-profit institutions.
Estimated Number of Respondents: 142. Estimated Number of Responses per
Respondent: 17. Estimated Total Annual Burden on Respondents: 6,250. Copies of
this information collection can be obtained from Thomas P. Dickson, Program
Development and Regulatory Analysis, at (202) 690- 4492. All responses to this
notice will be summarized and included in the request for OMB approval. All
comments will also become a matter of public record. Dated: March 16, 2017.
Christopher McLean, Acting Administrator, Rural Utilities Service. [FR Doc.
2017-06026 Filed 3-27-17; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE Pv



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              434 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                          November 19, 1997, Wednesday

Compared with Sweden, Spring Hill is a tax paradise

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; LETTERS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1317 words



Editor: Re: Michael Schofield's Nov. 13 letter to the editor about a proposed
municipal services benefit unit at the Oaks subdivision:

Mr. Schofield doesn't know what taxes are. I've just come off 35 years of
paying taxes in Sweden, so Spring Hill feels like a tax paradise. In Sweden,
the top tax rate is 60 percent, starting at $ 28,000 annually (U.S. dollars),
while the top rate in America is 40 percent - and that's only when an annual
salary exceeds $ 260,000.   The Swedish sales tax is 25 percent on everything
except essential foodstuffs, for which the tax is 12 percent.

Of course, in Sweden we get free medical care and free education for that
amount. Various entitlements account for two-thirds of the national budget.
Nonetheless, to check into a hospital emergency room in Sweden costs about  $
60. Hospital food is debited to the patient at about $ 10 a day. And Swedish
hospital waiting lists are classic: One can wait all day to have a broken arm
reset, 16 months for a hip operation, 13 months to consult a urologist, etc.

As for teeth, forget it. Healthy teeth used to be a socialist hallmark in
Sweden. Now the socialists have removed most dental insurance. People in  Sweden
complain that they can't afford to go to the dentist anymore.

Still, Swedes accept high taxes. They would pay even more as long as the
government solved all their problems. Swedes are schooled that the government
is almighty. Sure, Sweden's prime minister, like ex-President George Bush,
promised no new taxes. But he was smarter than Bush; the Swedish prime  minister
instead called new taxes "fees."

Free education? Forget it, too. In Sweden, you still have to cover room,  board
and books - if you are lucky enough to get accepted. There are no marks  in
Swedish schools until it is too late. Swedish schoolchildren don't know  what it
is to compete. College entrance is not taken for granted in Sweden;  you need,
suddenly, to compete in exams. Not like at U.S. state universities,  which seem
to absorb everyone who wants in.

A friend of mine, a reporter with London's Financial Times newspaper,  figures
the average Swede actually pays about 85 percent in taxes.

The moral of this story? Watch out for the Swedish way. U.S. lawmakers have
been studying medical care and tax procedures in Sweden.

John A. Herbert, Spring Hill

Non-property owners

can use recycling sites

   Editor: Re: Shirley Kinar's Nov. 11 letter to the editor about the solid
waste management facility on Osawaw Boulevard:

There is not a "ban" on any residents who want to recycle material at any  of
the three solid waste management facilities. Whether they own land or not  does
not determine residents' ability to use the facilities for recycling.  Hernando
County does everything possible to encourage recycling in our  community by
giving educational speeches to schoolchildren and civic  associations, having
recycling booth displays at various events and providing  more than 20 recycling
drop-off sites throughout the county.

Hernando County homeowners are annually assessed for solid waste disposal  on
their property tax bills. If a resident lives in an apartment, trailer park  or
other dwelling that is not assessed for solid waste disposal, then he or  she is
required to pay for each use of a facility. An alternative for those  residents
who are not assessed is to pay the equivalent of the solid waste  disposal
assessment and receive a decal that allows use of the facilities.

The simple fact is, recycling costs money. This year, the recycling  operations
expenses are estimated to be $ 541,297. A portion of the solid waste  disposal
assessment coupled with the sale of processed recyclables generates  the funds
to pay for the recycling program. Although there are expenses  associated with
the hauling and sorting of recyclables, the Hernando County  Waste Management
Division has never knowingly turned away a resident who  wanted to drop off only
recyclables at either of the transfer stations or the  landfill. This policy is
in effect and will continue to be in effect to  encourage recycling.

Stephanie S. Hinson

Operations Manager

Hernando County

Waste Management Division

What happened to grant

to replace old water pipes?

   Editor: Re: the water pipe that broke last weekend in Brooksville:

Are these the same aged pipes for which the city received a handsome  federal
grant about 10 years ago to replace? That grant money disappeared into  several
greedy pockets and nothing was done.

For shame! May this continue to haunt those responsible.

Carl and Jane Street

Brooksville

Start the day right with

Jan Glidewell's column

   Editor: The day began as any other fall day in western Hernando County:
beautiful, sunshiney and a near-perfect temperature. These are the things that
remind me why I came to Florida. But on this day, I got an extra benefit: Jan
Glidewell's column Whole new attitude uncovered.

It's been a long time since I have gotten such delight from something I  read. I
have to tell you that I sat with my first cup of coffee, utterly in  stitches,
reading this article. I just felt an urge to tell him that I find  him to be an
extraordinarily talented writer. He simply has an uncanny ability  to put words
together with that little extra something that spells the  difference between a
dull commentary and a heart-lightening, uplifting  composition.

For five years . . . I have enjoyed his writings. It usually is the first  thing
I read when I pick up the paper in the morning.

Mr. Glidewell's commentary on balding was particularly enjoyable. I think I
might have a subconscious desire to be able to write as he does - thus, my
appreciation of his special talent.

At any rate, since it's possible he receives more than his share of  criticisms,
I just wanted to let him know there also are those of us who do  appreciate his
talents. Keep it up; you're good at what you do.

Doris Hancock

Spring Hill

Nursery's generosity

beautifies portable

   Editor: I would like to publicly thank Sherwood Florist Nursery for its
donation of more than a dozen shrubs to plant around our portable classroom.

My students planted the shrubs using a team approach. One dug the hole,  another
removed the shrub from the container, placed it in the hole and pushed  the soil
back in. A third student was hauling buckets of water from our  classroom sink.
I was not only proud of how they worked together, but I was  amazed at their
professionalism.

Our portable has taken on a whole new look, thanks to the generosity of
Sherwood Florist Nursery. As we watch these shrubs grow, we will be reminded  of
how our community works together.

Patricia Cameron, teacher

West Hernando Middle School

Spring Hill

Driver's good deed

deserves recognition

   Editor: On Nov. 17, while driving on U.S. 41, our van blew a tire. We would
have had to walk to get help.

A young man pulled up in a truck and offered to help. I asked if he had a  phone
to call the auto club. He did have a phone, but said it would mean  waiting too
long, and he'd prefer to just change the tire.

Unfortunately, the spare tire would not come off the lug bolts holding it  to
the van. One bolt was so stubborn, he had to use a chisel and hammer to get  it
off. This was no menial feat. When he finally got the tire on the van, my
husband offered him money, which he would not accept.

There is no way we could thank him enough. His name is Roger Barry and he's
from Hudson. Anyone who is lucky enough to know him, please tell him you saw
this letter.

Milly and Vic Cucinotta

Spring Hill

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: HERNANDO TIMES

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE CARTOON, BOB ZARATZIAN; A man remarks, "It won't shut
off!" while trying to turn off a water pipe after a hydrant broke in
Brooksville.

TYPE: LETTER

                    Copyright 1997 Times Publishing Company


                              435 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                      June 15, 1987, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Bradley to unveil $8.5 million plan for waste disposal

BYLINE: By David Israelson Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 562 words


   A wide-ranging $8.5 million plan to head off a growing province-wide garbage
crisis was to be announced today by Ontario Environment Minister Jim Bradley.

The plan - a series of grants to local governments and industry - could alter
forever garbage collection and disposal methods across the province.

"With adequate provincial help . . . as much as 50 per cent of Ontario's solid
waste could be diverted from landfill within 10 years," Bradley said.

The plan is to put more money "in the hands of the front-line players" who must
cope with more garbage and less space to put it, he said.

'Good proposals'

A "new age of efficient waste management is needed," the minister said in his
announcement.

Many Ontario municipalities - particularly Metro - are running out of room at
their landfill sites, and the province will provide the kind of funding - with
$8.5 million budgeted for this year - "that municipalities need to do a better
job managing garbage," Bradley said.

But he promised that "if municipalities and industry make good proposals
requiring more provincial funds this year, I will find the necessary money."

The minister's announcement was contained in a speech prepared for a meeting of
waste management experts in North York today.

Under the program:

* Money will go to local governments and industries to promote what the experts
call the "four Rs" - recovery, recycling, reduction and re-use;

* Local governments will be offered grants for setting up projects to recover
materials such as paper, compost, aluminum, steel, glass, plastic or waste that
can be used as fuel;

Industries eligible

* For pilot recovery projects, the province will pay up to 100 per cent of the
cost, while permanent programs will get up to a third of their capital costs
from Queen's Park;

* Money for municipal recycling projects - already boosted from $750,000 to
nearly $4 million since 1985 - will be increased;

* Any industry seeking to reduce waste or boost recycling will also be eligible
for money;

* The province will pay 50 per cent of the cost, and up to $25,000 for
advertising, for any local government or private sector program that aims "to
influence consumers to alter their buying habits, and to persuade producers to
offer less wasteful types of goods and packaging;"

* More money will be spent to develop markets for waste materials and for an
existing "waste exchange," to make it more effective as a clearing house for
recycled materials;

* Money will be offered to municipalities and regions seeking to set up new
landfills or garbage transfer sites, with large areas such as Metro eligible for
50 per cent funding, while governments representing fewer than 7,500 people can
get 75 per cent assistance.

'Looming crisis'

The ministry will also increase its budget for other existing waste management
programs, Bradley said, including a program to help municipalities upgrade or
close and clean up old landfill sites.

Metro has been warned by its works commissioner it faces a "looming crisis" with
its two main landfills quickly running out of space.

Some municipalities, such as Mississauga and Kitchener, have been running
successful curb-side recycling programs. Toronto hopes to set up a similar
program next year, but a Metro-wide program is further off, officials say.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1987 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              436 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                            November 27, 2011 Sunday

Domestic partnership registry on council agenda

BYLINE: Tim Hrenchir.

THE CAPITAL-JOURNAL

LENGTH: 620 words


Local governing bodies this week will take up items that include a proposal to
create a domestic partnership registry for the city of Topeka.

The Shawnee County Commission will meet at 9 a.m. Monday in Room B-11 of the
county courthouse, 200 S.E. 7th.

The commission plans to consider a proposed contract for solid waste disposal
between the county and Waste Management Inc., which operates Rolling Meadows
Recycling and Disposal Facility at 7351 N.W. US-75.

The contract would replace one dated June 13, 2005, in which Waste Management
agreed to accept all refuse originating in Shawnee County. The new agreement
would include raising the host fee Waste Management pays the county to $2.50
from $1.50 per ton for waste received.

Commissioners also plan to consider:

- A home rule resolution targeted at clarifying purchasing procedures for the
county.

- A consent agenda that includes an acknowledgement they received correspondence
from Sheriff Dick Barta saying he plans to spend $293,931 to buy 11 Ford Police
Interceptor Sport Utility Vehicles.

The Topeka City Council will meet at 6 p.m. Tuesday in its chambers at 214 S.E.
8th.

The council will consider an ordinance proposed by Councilman Andrew Gray that
would create a registry that would allow certain unmarried couples to register
their relationship for health benefit and hospital visitation purposes through
participating employers.

Those couples would pay the city a fee in an amount that would be determined by
the city administration.

The council also plans to:

- Consider authorizing the city manager to acquire and lease equipment for
energy conservation measures at a cost, including capitalized interest, not to
exceed $3,599,524. The proposal would authorize the city manager to contract
with Johnson Controls Inc. to buy and install energy performance equipment, to
execute a financing/lease agreement with All American Investment Group, LLC, and
to execute an escrow agreement.

- Consider approving a $122,237 project budget to resurface parts of surface
roads on the Topeka Zoo grounds. The project would be financed by borrowing
money through issuing general obligation bonds, with total debt service
estimated at $179,887.

- Consider buying property from CoreFirst Bank and Trust Co. for $56,925 to
enable the city to carry out a drainage improvement project at Lauren's Bay
Pond, a swampy area located just east of S.W. Lincolnshire Road between S.W.
41st and 47th streets. The cost would be paid by residents in an improvement
district.

- Consider awarding $164,082.66 in 2012 community development block grant
empowerment program money to make improvements at 10 locations throughout the
city in specific amounts recommended by a city empowerment grant review
committee.

- Consider approving the reappointments of Joyce Grigsby and Renee Wiggins to
the Topeka Human Relations Commission, Frank Ybarra to the Topeka Housing
Authority board of commissioners and Kelly Jacobsen to the Topeka Sustainability
Advisory Board. The reappointments are part of the consent agenda, for which
items generally are approved without debate.

- Acting as the city's governing body, with Mayor Bill Bunten having a vote,
consider vacating platted street and alley rights-of-way to allow the
construction of new buildings on the Ross/Eisenhower school campus at 1400 S.E.
34th.

- Hear the first reading but not act on a proposal that would significantly
reduce the length of the time in which fireworks may be sold and discharged in
the city.

- Hold a 5:15 p.m. work session preceding its regular meeting to discuss Johnson
Controls Inc., Complete Streets, sidewalks, driveway approaches and sump pump
policy.

Tim Hrenchir can be reachedat (785) 295-1184or tim.hrenchir@cjonline.com

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              437 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                                  June 24 2011

Mormugao council proposes collection of waste from all 20 wards

SECTION: GOA

LENGTH: 201 words


VASCO: The Mormugao Municipal Council (MMC) on Thursday said it will commence
door-to-door garbage collection in the port town and has written to the
directorate of municipal administration (DMA) to sanction funds for the purpose.

"The council has requested the DMA to release government grants under Municipal
Solid Waste (Management & Handling) Rules, 2000," said MMC chief officer
Meghnath Porob.

MMC officials say that door-to-door garbage collection is currently carried out
in only four wards, while the council's jurisdiction has 20 wards. In its letter
to the DMA, the MMC states: 'There are frequent complaints/ directions from
various authorities such as Goa Airport, Collectorate of South Goa, Goa State
Pollution Control Board, etc to implement door-to-door garbage collection in all
20 wards.'

The MMC has asked the DMA for grants of 3,30,65,000 under the Solid Waste
Management scheme, a MMC official disclosed. "In order to provide door-to-door
service in all 20 wards, we have proposed to have labour force, machinary and
equipments for a section of wards. Every four wards will have a vehicle, driver
and supervisor for garbage collection," the official said.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              438 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          September 28, 1993, Tuesday

Duluth OKs $ 25,000 for initial phase of park project

BYLINE: By Maria Elena Fernandez STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EXTRA; Section J; Page 5

LENGTH: 395 words


Work on a new city park in Duluth is expected to begin in October, following the
city's approval Monday of payment plans for the first phase of the project.

The Duluth City Council unanimously voted to spend $ 25,000 on the initial phase
of the city park to be built at Church and Washington streets. The park, which
has yet to be named, will be built in stages over the next four years. Preparing
the land and constructing a basketball court will be the first step.

"Let's get it rolling," Mayor Bobby Williams said. "I want to see this up soon."

The city will borrow the money from its contingency fund and then be reimbursed
by the federal government's Community Development Block Grant program.

In other action:

The City Council unanimously voted to pay the Georgia Municipal Association $
6,700 to assist city officials in the implementation of the new provisions of
the federal 1992 Cable Act.

Under the new stipulations, Congress is empowering cities to regulate cable
companies. Many of Georgia's cities are hiring GMA to assist them in the
transition, said Greg Fender, GMA manager of marketing and field services.

The 16-month contract is effective immediately, but the city is not required to
pay for the service until January.

The City Council also heard complaints from a property owner about the city's
policy regarding garbage collection.

Mark Dahlin, who lives in Marietta and owns a duplex in Duluth, complained about
a $ 250 bill he received from the city for cleaning up his property at 3370 Fox
St.

Since 1979, Duluth has had an exclusive contract with Waste Management North
America to handle all of its garbage collection. Georgia law allows
municipalities to grant franchises to many types of utilities.

In Duluth, residents do not pay garbage fees. Instead, they are required to
purchase special garbage bags and place all waste materials inside them for
pickup. The bags, which can be purchased at City Hall and other area
supermarkets, cost $ 16.15 for a box of 20.

Dahlin told the council his tenants do not want to buy the city's garbage bags,
and he would prefer to select his own garbage collection company.

Because neighbors have complained about Dahlin's property, the city recently
sent a crew to clean it up, said Mark Bryant, director of planning and
development. The $ 250 bill is for that service, Bryant said.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH932730175

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              439 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       Chapel Hill Herald (Durham, N.C.)

                             January 16 2011 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Monday recycling; new inclement weather Web page

SECTION: A; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 1205  words


There will be no change in curbside recycling on Martin Luther King Jr. Day. If
your recycling day falls on Monday, please have your bins out to the curb as
usual by 7 a.m. or bring them out the night before. The Orange County Landfill
on Eubanks Road will be open normal hours, 7 a.m.-4 p.m., on Monday. Orange
County Solid Waste Convenience Centers and the Solid Waste Administrative office
will be closed in observance of the holiday. Normal hours of operation will
resume on Tuesday.

n n n n

In the wake of recent snow and ice storms coinciding with the holidays, it
became obvious that your Solid Waste Management Department needs to do a better
job communicating our inclement weather policies for recycling and solid waste.
We've created a new inclement weather Web page that will have the latest updates
prominently displayed for the Solid Waste Management Department.
http://www.co.orange.nc.us/recycling/weather.asp. We will also provide links
there to the various towns' Web sites so you can readily access their garbage
collection schedules as well. Our outgoing phone message at 968-2788 also will
reflect changes to our facilities and services during adverse weather
conditions.

At the same time we will have regular and as-close-to-real-time updates as
possible that pertain to most situations, we realize that it is not possible to
create an absolutely uniform schedule due to local microclimate conditions that
might cause a specific street or area to be impassable, icy or otherwise unsafe
to collect on. Safety is our highest priority. Higher even than recycling
collection. So if conditions on your road are icy or dangerous, please be
patient.

By the time this article publishes, all the missed curbside recycling
collections from Tuesday and Wednesday should have been picked up on both urban
(blue bin) and rural (orange bin) routes. Tuesday's routes were to have been run
Saturday and any streets missed Wednesday due to continued icy conditions should
also have been collected by that point as well.

Some steep and/or shady streets remained too hazardous, in our staff's opinion,
to collect, even when our routes were running as usual. Generally, the weather
patterns in our area don't include multiple-day winter storms, so we should
generally be able to get to it by the Saturday following your regular collection
day. Do call or e-mail us if your recycling has not yet been collected 968-2788
or recycling@co.orange.nc.us and we will get to it.

There is also always the alternative of using the drop-off sites, both staffed
and unstaffed, for excess recycling. We are fortunate to have the five unstaffed
recycling sites available in the towns 24/7 and five solid waste convenience
centers available as well (except those will be closed this Monday for the
Martin Luther King Jr. birthday holiday).

The county is now developing a more detailed inclement weather policy.
Notification of the policy and these events will be posted more prominently on
the county's home page, the new weather-related Web page
http://www.co.orange.nc.us/recycling/weather.asp. The information has always
been available, but, admittedly, unless you've known to look at "Latest News"
under Solid Waste, it has not always been obvious.

We also encourage you, your friends and neighbors here in Orange County (or the
part of the Town of Chapel Hill in Durham County) to join our listserv too. Go
to http://www.co.orange.nc.us/email/subscribeform.asp and click on the solid
waste newsletter. While we send our regular missive only monthly, we intend to
send out the county solid waste-related inclement weather updates via this
format, too. Those subscribing to the Town of Chapel Hill Community Watch news
will also see the forwarded solid waste inclement weather information. For those
who have a neighborhood e-mail ring, list serve, or Web site, we also urge you
to subscribe to the newsletter and then post the information to your community's
list.

n n n n

Muriel's Recycling Resolutions for 2011

Solid Waste Education and Outreach Specialist Muriel Williman has developed a
"not-too-late to reduce your waste" set of New Year's Resolutions for those who
need some (and we ALL do):

Recycle more #2 and #5 non-bottle rigid plastics! -- The first 10 months of the
county's #2 and #5 non-bottle plastics collection in the purple Dumpsters at our
drop-off locations garnered approximately 15 tons of material per month. That
figure has dropped to 10 tons per month and the purple bins have way too many
plastic bottles in them. We encourage people to take the time and effort to
continue to recycle yogurt tubs, plant pots, broken toys, buckets and other
non-bottle #2 and #5 rigid plastics in the purple Dumpsters. But recycle plastic
bottles with other bottles and cans in the dark blue drop-off Dumpsters, not the
purple ones. Doing all you can at home? Collect #2s and #5s from work too!

If you haven't tried this program yet check out the details on our Web page:
http://www.co.orange.nc.us/recycling/rigidplastics.asp It has a bright pictorial
brochure of what we want in this special collection. What we don't want is
trash, #1, #3, 4, 6 and 7 plastics, Styrofoam and plastic bags! Call us if you
need a printed copy of the brochure.

Do you routinely eat at a restaurant where you know in advance you'll have
leftovers? Plan for that by bringing your own take out boxes, or no doggie bag
for you. Same with your favorite takeout coffee place. HINT: Whole Foods now
offers 80 cents off on their coffee when you bring your own mug. (no refills
though) -- $0.81. versus $1.61 if you use their cups that you may refill.

Bring your plastic bags to grocery stores to be recycled. Don't put them in
curbside or drop-off bins. Most local grocery stores can recycle them along with
dry cleaner bags, bread bags, paper towel overwraps and other #2 and #4 plastic
"film". If you must take a plastic bag when you shop, recycle it, reuse it as a
trash can liner, or again as a shopping bag, or better yet bring your own bag
and reduce waste in the first place.

n n n n

We want to take a bit of space here to remember Bonnie Norwood of the Rogers
Road community. She spent many years on our Solid Waste Advisory Board and John
Grant Gale of the Solid Waste Management Department.

Bonnie passed away Dec. 29. She was the epitome of a citizen activist -- someone
who cared deeply about her community and was engaging, funny, outspoken and
forthright but never mean-spirited. She also sat on the Board of the Animal
Services Department. She will be missed.

Grant a five-year veteran of the Orange County Solid Waste Management, passed
away on Dec. 16 at age 34. Grant was a hard working and supportive colleague,
who always lent a hand and took on challenges such as improving departmental
safety performance and the county's Regulated Recyclable Materials Ordinance. He
had just gotten his MPA and was really just getting started in what was shaping
up to be a great career in local government. He was active in his home community
of Liberty, N.C., and will be greatly missed by all who knew him.

Blair L. Pollock is solid waste planner with the Orange County Solid Waste
Management Department. Send e-mail to bpollock@co.orange.nc.us or call (919)
968-2788.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              440 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                           Crain's Cleveland Business

                              May 15, 2000, Monday

Summit boosts money for dump cleanup, recycling

BYLINE: David Clancy

SECTION: Pg. 36

LENGTH: 756 words


The Summit-Akron Solid Waste Management Authority has allocated almost $150,000
for two programs commencing the second half of 2000.

The authority has earmarked $86,000 to clean up as many as 98 illegal dump sites
in the county. The authority this year is attacking smaller nuisance sites,
unlike previous years when it targeted large illegal sites.

"Last year we spent $75,000 to clean up one tire dump, which is important, but
this year we thought we would target smaller sites that are scattered throughout
the county," said Jim Skora, the authority's executive director.

The money probably won't be enough to clean up all of the sites, Mr. Skora said.

"Some of these are very big sites, and probably will need more funding," he
said. "So we would be happy if we could clean 20 or 30 of the targeted ones."

Health departments in Akron, Barberton and Summit County can apply for grants to
clean the identified sites.

"Those departments will then clean the sites, and in most cases will apply
additional real estate taxes on the affected properties to try and recoup the
cleanup costs," he said.

"If this works, we will probably look at cleaning bigger sites one year and
smaller sites the next until we get this under control," Mr. Skora said.

Also, the authority has made $63,000 available to communities in the form of
recycling grants. The money was part of $200,000 made available but not awarded
earlier in the year.

"Different subdivisions in the county may apply for the grants to help them
establish or continue recycling programs here," said Carlene Groeger, education
resource director for the authority.

The grants have a limit of $20,000 apiece, and may be awarded to communities
already participating in the county's program or those that have never recycled.

Ms. Groeger said she hopes the 11 communities in the county with no curbside
recycling program would be encouraged to apply for the grant for seed money.

"That money could be used to establish dropoff, or to purchase curbside
containers," she said. "And we always encourage education."

Communities could even unite in an effort to share costs, Ms. Groeger said.

"If two or more communities went together to pursue a recycling program, we
would be happy to look at that," she said.

Applications are due to the authority by May 27, with the money being available
July 1.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 Crain Communications, Inc.


                              441 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                Sarke Daily News

                             August 11, 2014 Monday

BIDS INVITED FOR CONSULTING SERVICE WITHIN SOLID WASTE MANAGEMENT PROJECTS IN
KAKHETI AND SAMEGRELO - ZEMO SVANETI

BYLINE: Sarke Daily News

LENGTH: 115 words


"Georgian  Company  for  Solid  Waste  Management" announced bids invitation for

consulting  service  within  projects  on solid waste's integrated management in

Kakheti  and  Samegrelo  -  Zemo Svaneti. The service includes study of landfill

projects' feasibility and preparation of other waste-recycling projects in these

regions.

"Georgian  Company  for Solid Waste Management" will evaluate the offers jointly

with  German  bank for reconstruction (KfW). The service will be funded by grant

of 800,000 EUR, allotted by KfW.

To  remind,  the  Company  has  started  project  on  solid  waste's  integrated

management  in Kutaisi several months ago. For that project, KfW has allotted 22

million EUR.


LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1168


                    Copyright 2014 Sarke Information Agency
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              442 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                            January 31, 2012 Tuesday

Green Connection: Small communities can recycle, too!

BYLINE: By Esmeralda Almanza / For My Las Cruces

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 574 words


"We have been working to improve rural recycling since 2007," explained English
Bird, executive director of the New Mexico Recycling Coalition.

Whether you live in a large population base or a small town in the Land of
Enchantment, "Recycling maintains and creates jobs while reducing big-picture
energy and resource consumption," Bird said.

With that in mind, the NMRC is boosting New Mexico's recycling by assisting
small communities that are passionate about recycling.

With NMRC guidance, and thanks to a Department of Energy federal grant, Deming,
Otero County and Torrance counties are being developed as three recycling hubs
south of Albuquerque. The goal is to provide a gateway for smaller, rural
communities to process materials for marketing.

This project couldn't start at a better time. Currently New Mexico's recycling
system faces many challenges, resulting in a statewide recycling rate of 14.6
percent, according to the NMED 2010 Annual Solid Waste report, compared to the
national recycling average of 33 percent.

The new projects will support the development of recycling infrastructure with a
hub processing facility and collection equipment for "spoke" communities within
underserved areas of New Mexico.

"We received our first USDA Rural Utilities Solid Waste Management grant in 2008
and began to develop the 'hub and spoke' concept, mapping all the solid waste
and recycling facilities in the state, developing a Rural Recycling Resource Kit
and carrying out field visits to better understand rural recycling challenges,"
Bird said.

When completed, each community will have facilities to process and market (at a
minimum) corrugated cardboard, aluminum and tin cans, mixed paper, and #1 and #2
plastic bottles.

"NMRC is thrilled to further develop Deming, Otero County and Torrance counties'
ability to collect, process and market recyclables for their respective regions
and help to overcome recycling challenges associated with low population
densities," Bird said.

But the recycling train doesn't stop there. Additional grants to provide
horizontal balers and collection equipment utilizing an existing facility in
Raton, Truth or Consequences and Gallup have been provided by the NM Environment
Department Solid Waste Bureau via federal stimulus funding.

"I believe this project will change the face of recycling in New Mexico," Bird
said. Confident in the effectiveness of the program, she explained, "NMRC has
the unique capability to provide expert technical assistance to all of these new
hub communities to ensure their programs are properly designed and that their
collection systems and outreach are successful."

Torrance County and Truth or Consequences opened their doors last November,
Raton and Gallup Region will open in January, followed closely by Deming in late
January or early February, and finally Otero County will be up and running in
March or April. In total, that's six new "hubs" that will up and running,
opening recycling opportunities for more New Mexico residents before this
summer.

Thank you for recycling! If you have recycling questions, please contact the
South Central Solid Waste Authority at (575) 528-3800 or visit
www.TheScrappyPages.com.

Green Connections is submitted by Suzanne Michaels Communications, Education and
Public Outreach for the South Central Solid Waste Authority, managing solid
waste and recyclables for residents and businesses in the City of Las Cruces and
Doña Ana County.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Truth or Consequences now has its own baler to help manage and market
recyclables, with grant funding made available through New Mexico Environment
Department, and technical assistance from the New Mexico Recycling Coalition.
The recycling hub in Torrance County (south and west of Albuquerque), has been
up and running since November.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2012 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              443 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                   February 15, 2000, Tuesday, Final Edition

District Fines Waste Hauler for Leaving Recyclables

Stephen C. Fehr , Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 301 words


The District government has fined the nation's largest waste collection company
for failing to pick up recycled materials hundreds of times during the past
month, D.C. officials said yesterday.

The delayed pickup of glass, plastic, metal and newspapers has added to the
frustration of residents, who have had to deal with the city's failure to
collect trash on time after two January snowstorms left many alleys impassable.

Mayor Anthony A. Williams (D) has taken responsibility for the breakdown in
trash pickups and pledged through top aides to never let it happen again. Trash
collection returned to its normal schedule Friday.

"We were essentially in the same position as [Waste Management Inc.] with the
alleys, but recycling collection did not recover," said Linda Grant, a
spokeswoman for the D.C. Department of Public Works.

Waste Management, a Houston-based company that the District hired in 1998 to
collect recyclables, was fined about $ 20,000 after D.C. officials said they had
found at least 800 recycling bins that hadn't been picked up. Under terms of the
contract between the city and Waste Management, the company is fined $ 25 for
each bin that isn't picked up on its scheduled day.

Crews have been inspecting bins since Thursday, a day after Norman S. Dong, the
deputy mayor for operations, toured the city and saw firsthand the brimming bins
of bottles, newspapers and other materials marring alleys.

"We're not just giving money away," Grant said. "We expect to receive the
services we're paying for."

A message for officials at Waste Management's office in Temple Hills was not
returned.

After a two-year hiatus, the District resumed collection of recyclable materials
in October 1998. Waste Management was awarded the two-year, $ 7 million
contract.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              444 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                              Early Times (India)

                          February 24, 2016 Wednesday

How MC Bandipora spent Rs 82 lakh grant?

LENGTH: 585 words

DATELINE: Bandipora


Bandipora, Feb. 24 -- Except purchase of few vehicles by the Municipal Committee
(MC) Bandipora, the money given for up gradation of sanitation infrastructure
seems to have been siphoned off. The locals are demanding that a high level
enquiry should be held by the State Vigilance Commission (SVC) so that culprits
are brought to book and money recovered from them

As already reported by Early Times the Municipal Committee (MC) Bandipora
received a grant of around Rs 82 lakhs few years back from Wullar Conservation
and Management Authority (WUCMA) for strengthening and developing the
infrastructure for scientific disposal of municipal solid waste so as to prevent
any sort of pollution within and along the banks of Wular Lake. Inspite of
getting get a huge grant the Muncipal Committee (MC) Bandipora continues to dump
all the garbage in the local water bodies and the irony is that this dumping
mostly takes place in famous Wullar lake.

Recently the Wullar Conservation and Management Authority (WUCMA) Chief
Executive Director (CED) had shot a letter to Director Local Bodies Kashmir and
showed his serious concern about the activities of MC Bandipora. The letter shot
by CED to Director Local Bodies Kashmir a copy of which lies with Early Times
reads as : "During 2013-14 and 2014-15 the authority has provided a financial
assistance of 39 Lakhs and 42.90 Lakhs respectively to MC Bandipora through DC
Bandipora for strengthening and developing the required infrastructure for
scientific disposal of municipal solid waste (M&H Rules 2000) so as to prevent
any sort of pollution within and along the banks of Wullar Lake under 13th FCA.
The concern civic body has not taken necessary measures which are mandatory
under environment protection act and rules framed therein as cited above to
ensure scientific disposal of municipal solid waste around the banks of Wular
Lake."

The Chief Executive Director (CED) shot this letter last month after the matter
was highlighted by some local whistleblowers . Earlier local media had been
exposing the illegal activities of MC Bandipora but due to cold response from
WUCMA the authorities of Municipal Committee continued to dump the solid waste
into Wullar.

Pertinent to mention that in clear violation of Environment Protection Act, the
Bandipora Municipal Committee has been dumping garbage and solid waste including
polythene in an open area near Nusoo village located in the outskirts of town.
The illegal dumping site according to local residents has not only affected the
Wular Lake but has badly deteriorated the health of residents living around this
lake. The MC Bandipora continues to dump all sorts of solid waste on the open
road connecting Zalwan Playground near Nusoo area in the town.

"The Bandipora MC collects about 50 to 60 tons of waste daily from 17 wards of
the town, hospitals and nursing homes. This waste includes biomedical waste as
well and dumping biomedical waste material in Wullar is a matter of serious
concern. If Rs 80 lakhs has been given to MC Bandipora for upgrading its
services where has this money been spend , the locals want answer from Executive
Officer of the Muncipal Committee Bandipora. We appeal Kuldeep Khoda Chief
Vigilance Commissioner to personally intervene into this matter " said Mohammad
Ramzan Khan a social activist.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Early Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Early Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              445 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                The Pocahontas Times (Marlinton, West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 12, 2012

SWA discusses recycling, grant application in special meeting

BYLINE: The Pocahontas Times staff

LENGTH: 698  words


In a special meeting last Thursday, the Pocahontas County Solid Waste Authority
met with environmental resources specialists Carol Throckmorton and Nicole
Hunter, from the West Virginia Solid Waste Management Board, and talked about
the SWA's recent performance review.

"One section of our agency has been charged with going out and doing performance
reviews, it's sort of an audit," said Throckmorton. "They look at the whole
program. The reason for that is that you are multi-million dollar operations.
Before, no one had oversight for those dollars. We did not have any authority to
go in and say 'we want to go in and look at your operation.' The law changed.
The legislature gave a section of our board the authority to go into every solid
waste authority with a landfill, to see how these tax dollars are being spent.
The objective was really not to penalize, but to correct. You guys came out
great. In the performance review, she [auditor Jan Borowski] talked a little
about recycling, what the situation was now, and she said 'would the solid waste
authority please work with us when you put the bid back out?' So here we are."

Throckmorton and Hunter made suggestions for handling the bidding process to
expand the county's recycling program. They recommended a "request for proposal"
for recycling services, rather than a bid, as the board has done in the past.

"In previous years you have put out a bid and you've never really gotten back
anything. We're suggesting you go for a request for proposal based on what your
needs are," recommended Throckmorton. "That way vendors come in and tell you
what they can do, what they're not able to, what it'll cost, those types of
things."

"With an RFP, you are laying out guidelines," explained Hunter. "As a board,
this is what we'd like to have in our program, this is what we'd like to have
provided by our vendor. You get more options with a request for proposal."

The SWMB specialists provided board members with an RFP model that has been used
by other solid waste authorities throughout the state.

Throckmorton made suggestions on how the board can best proceed with a state
Rehabilitation Environmental Action Plan grant application. In 2012, the SWA
received $40,542 to purchase trailers and educational pamphlets for its
recycling program through the REAP grant.

"Dollars are tighter, people are requesting more funds," said Throckmorton.
"It's in your best interest to document what you need and why you need it, as
accurately as possible. Solid waste authorities don't think that they have to
get as detailed in the request because they think they're writing it for us. In
actuality, they send them to us, but we present them to a board just like you.
Our board has questions, just like you. You have to write the grant for people
who know nothing about your program. We're happy to help you with the grant
application so that it's as detailed as it needs to be."

According to the West Virginia Department of Environmental Protection website,
"the Rehabilitation Environmental Action Plan strives to clean up West Virginia
and rid the state of unsightly litter. The initiative harbors all of the state
cleanup programs within the West Virginia Department of Environmental
Protection. REAP is a powerful force in the campaign against illegal dumping and
littering. REAP focuses on cleanup efforts from both program staff and
volunteers statewide. In a unique partnership, the program empowers citizens to
take ownership of their communities by providing technical, financial, and
resource assistance in cleanup efforts."

The SWMB personnel also did a walkthrough of some of the county collection
sites, and were impressed with what they saw.

"Nicole and I today took the opportunity to go around the county, a couple of
your locations," said Throckmorton. "We went to the one in Marlinton and we went
to Caesars Mountain. The two locations we looked at were very clean, and the
material was all very clean."

The Pocahontas County Solid Waste Authority is scheduled to meet again at its
regular meeting Wednesday, April 25, at 7 p.m. at the Pocahontas County
Courthouse.

Angelo Jirodano may be contacted at amjiordano@pocahontastimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PCH

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2012 The Pocahontas Times


                              446 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                              March 1, 2015 Sunday

Despite odds, HDMC has a surplus budget

BYLINE: Sangamesh Menasinakai

SECTION: HUBBALLI

LENGTH: 370 words


HUBBALLI: Expecting higher revenues than before, the Hubli-Dharwad Municipal
Corporation (HDMC) has increased the size of its budget to Rs 451.22 crore from
Rs 213 crore last year.

Presenting the budget on Friday, Mallikarjun Horakeri, chairman of the standing
committee on taxation and finance, said that despite lack or personnel and
unreleased government funds, the HDMC has achieved an estimated surplus of Rs
241.66 crore. "The HDMC is concentrating on mobilization of resources after
reviewing property tax, commercial complex rents and market fees."

The corporation, which had an opening balance of Rs 24.65 crore, is expecting a
revenue of Rs 48.48 crore from various sources.

Horakeri said the deficit of Rs 138.96 crore in the capital account will be
adjusted with an surplus of Rs 140.29 crore.

"HDMC expects to get Rs 67.64 crore from property tax, Rs 3.12 crore from
advertisement tax and Rs 7.50 crore from sub-cess for solid waste management. We
expect Rs 35.05 crore from city plan head and Rs 2.50 crore from businessman,
traders and hoteliers. The expected revenue from jatras or urus is Rs 25 lakh,
market fees Rs 55 lakh, rent from commercial complex Rs 10 crore, road-cutting
charges Rs 10 crore, and issuance of birth and death certificates Rs 45 lakh.
Apart from this, the HDMC is identifying new properties to include them as
revenue sources. If any house owner has constructed a first floor, he will be
given a separate property identification number."

He said the corporation will get Rs 56.61 crore open fund subsidy for the
development of twin cities.

"Under the 14th finance scheme, the HDMC is expected to receive Rs 17.20 crore
for solid waste management, maintenance of roads, bridges and development of
gardens. It is also expected that the pending balance of Rs 7.45 crore that was
sanctioned in 2012-13 will be released this year. The HDMC expects Rs 58.22
crore as SFC electricity grants, Rs 155.30 crore as SFC salary and pension
grants, Rs 4.35 crore as MLA, MLC and MPs' grants, and Rs 70 lakh as SFC solid
waste management grant," Horakeri said.

In figures

Estimated surplus: Rs 241.66 crore

Opening balance: Rs 24.65 crore

Expected revenue: Rs 48.48 crore

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              447 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       Eureka Times-Standard (California)

                           February 9, 2005 Wednesday

Supes OK agreement with RCAA to help fund Multiple Assistance Center

BYLINE: James Faulk, The Times-Standard

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS

LENGTH: 421 words

DATELINE: EUREKA


The Board of Supervisors approved an agreement Tuesday to follow through with
its promise to help fund the long-awaited Multiple Assistance Center.

The center --a transitional living facility at 139 Y St. that will bring various
services under a single roof -- is scheduled to open in March. In 1999, the
Board of Supervisors agreed to pay $600,000 over three years to help the program
get off the ground.

With the deal approved Tuesday, the county commits $80,000 for the rest of this
fiscal year and $200,000 for next fiscal year, 2005-2006, from its general fund.
The following year calls for another $200,000 , and the last year will require
$120,000 if the agreement is extended to cover those years.

The center will provide 12 family rooms and 37 beds for individuals. It will
serve its clients on a "continuum of care model" to help them end the cycle that
put them on the street.

"The county, through the Department of Health and Human Services, plans to
support the Multiple Assistance Center to the extent possible and offer needed
program services and consultation," a staff report reads.

In other business, the board took steps to secure up to $200,000 in grants to
pay for cleaning up "nuisance dump sites."

The county will apply for the grant funds --up to $50,000 for each site, or
$200,000 maximum -- from the California Integrated Waste Management Board's Farm
and Ranch Solid Waste Cleanup and Abatement Grant Program.

Three eligible sites were listed in the staff report, but the most pressing need
is the "Sawmill Road nuisance dump site" on property owned by Frances Knust near
Garberville.

"Solid wastes including household garbage, construction debris, scrap metal, car
bodies and an estimated 400 waste tires are located on private property," the
report says.

Pacific Lumber Co. is asking for money from the program to clean up nuisance
dump sides along public roads near Kneeland, Stafford, Shively, McCann and
Dyerville. The trash piles in those areas include everything from household
garbage to waste tires and appliances, a county staff report reads.

"Grant funds would be used for solid waste cleanup, installation of security
gates and signs where they may be most effective," the report says.

Green Diamond Resource Co. --formerly Simpson Resource Co. -- wants grant funds
for reimbursement for cleanup of a nuisance dump site on Fickle Hill Road known
as the Holmes-Davis dump that consisted of approximately 300 cubic yards of
solid waste.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2005 Times - Standard


                              448 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                          February 18, 2009 Wednesday

Board opposes trash hauler surcharge

BYLINE: By BOB AUDETTE, Reformer Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 410 words


BRATTLEBORO -- The Selectboard voted Tuesday night to authorize its
representatives to the Windham Solid Waste Management District to vote against a
new ordinance that would require trash haulers to charge a $17 surcharge on
every ton of trash collected.

The board made that decision after hearing from local trash haulers who said the
change would impose an undue burden on their businesses and would place a
financial hardship on their customers. Under the new ordinance, the haulers
would be responsible for keeping track of their tonnage and writing a check to
the solid waste district each month.

The haulers would collect the fee from all of their customers, whether or not
they use the waste management district's facility on Old Ferry Road.

The waste management district is recommending the surcharge to help it meet a
$400,000 deficit in its operating budget. If it doesn't impose the surcharge,
the district will have to increase the assessment charged to the towns to cover
the shortfall.

Currently, Brattleboro pays about $140,000 a year to the district. If the
surcharge ordinance fails, Brattleboro's assessment could go up to nearly
$200,000.

Windham Solid Waste's board of supervisors is meeting Thursday night to vote on
the ordinance.

The district is responsible for operating drop-off facilities for each of its
member towns, for sorting, processing and marketing recyclables, for providing
hazardous materials waste collection and for maintaining the old landfill on
Ferry Road.

* The board approved the appointment of its financial manager, John Leisenring,
as the alternate representative to the Tri-Park Water-Sewer Project. Until the
appointment, the only person authorized to sign documents related to the project
was the town manager.

* The board approved a $5,000 grant that would allow the Brattleboro Thermal
Utility to apply for $20,000 from the state's Clean Energy Development Fund.

* The Selectboard approved a collective bargaining agreement between the town
and Brattleboro firefighters for the period beginning July 1, 2008, and ending
June 30, 2010.

* The board approved two parade permits. The first was for the 10th annual Girls
on the Run event scheduled for May 16 beginning at 9:30 a.m. and ending at 11.
The second parade permit approved was for the Windham County Humane Society Walk
for Animals on Sept. 26 beginning at 9:00 a.m. and ending at 2 p.m.

Bob Audette can be reached at raudette@reformer.com, or 802-254-2311, ext. 273.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              449 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       Americus Times Recorder (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 13, 2012 Monday

City moves forward with new department

BYLINE: Keven Gilbert, Americus Times-Recorder, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 783 words


Feb. 13--AMERICUS -- Monday the Americus City Council approved a proposal to
instate a solid waste management department. Bernard Kendrick, the City's public
works director and Suzanne Freeman, finance director, along with Chief
Administrative Officer Charlotte Cotton answered questions from Council members
concerning the proposal. According to staff, the main reason the City has
proposed to take on solid waste management is the net income the department will
generate and subsequent savings. Annual net income from a City-run solid waste
department will generate $596,000 and $400,000 net savings. Kendrick said the
City will have more operational control by keeping solid waste management
in-house and will be able to expand its recycling program.

In addition, Kendrick said the contract the City currently has with Advanced
Disposal is restrictive. He said when the current contract ends the City will be
"in really good shape" because it can put out a competitive bid for the disposal
of garbage.

"Right now we're paying nearly double the tipping fee that we could get at a
volume discount from some of the other landfills," he said.

Council member Lou Chase asked if there had been a proposal from Advance
Disposal.

"We have talked with them," Cotton said, "and they're willing to do recycling
free of charge if we give them a five-year contract."

Freeman said that she would not recommend locking into a contract. Cotton said
if Council decided to not go with the staff's proposal, she would recommend
putting it up for bid to see what else is out there.

Kendrick added that savings under a City-run solid waste management department
will increase as the City takes on more recycling.

Cotton said Monday that the City would have to purchase a building to house the
department or build its own building. One property that has been considered
costs $300,000.

Kendrick also discussed the public works department "Cross Connection Program"
which will require commercial establishments become compliant with their
backflow devices to prevent cooking grease from getting into the City's water
supply.

Kendrick said in previous years the existing code was not being enforced by the
letter of the law.

"Now we will be in line with State and Federal law," he said Monday.

The backflow devices, will have to be installed by a State licensed plumber and
inspected by a City backflow tester, and the device will have to be checked once
a year. The program will ensure that "grease generators" will abate their waste
on site, which will protect the water system against contamination.

Kendrick also asked the Council to approve bids for the Magnolia Street water
line project to be funded by revenue bond proceeds.

He said last year the contract was put out for bid and it came back at over $1
million and staff found ways to cut some of the cost. He said the same project
was proposed and they've have found savings of $259,000. The total project will
cost $899,000. The extensive project will extend a water line form Plant 1 on
Oak Avenue to U.S. Highway 19. The recommendation is for Zane Grace Construction
of Leesburg for the construction portion of the project for $465,000.

Cotton told the Council Monday that two requests had come from citizens to
extend the citizens' comments time restriction from three minutes to five
minutes. Both Chase and Council member Walton Grant said they were in favor of
three minutes.

"Mr. Craig Walker requested that you extend the three-minute portion of the
meeting decorum ordinance, and I would like to know if you want to proceed with
that or leave it three minutes," Cotton said.

She said Albert Cooper requested that the City put a traffic light at
Southerfield Road and Mayo Street and also requested the three-minute ruled be
suspended.

District 2 Council member Nelson Brown said people throughout his district said
three minutes is not enough time to bring concerns to the Council.

Council members Chase and Grant said they feel that three minutes is long enough
to present an issue or concern.

Mayor Pro-tem Lorenzo Johnson said he discussed the issue with Walker after last
month's meeting and he said Walker raised the point that the Council members
work for the citizens.

Grant said he felt like citizens should primarily address their concerns with
the representative.

Cotton also said Cooper requested the Council change their meeting time from 5
p.m. to 7 p.m. so more people can attend. The item will be added to this month's
agenda in addition to considering changing the meeting time.

___ (c)2012 The Americus Times-Recorder (Americus, Ga.) Visit The Americus
Times-Recorder (Americus, Ga.) at www.americustimesrecorder.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120213-AF-City-moves-forward-with-new-department-0213-20120213

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AF


                     Copyright 2012 Americus Times Recorder


                              450 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                                 EKantipur.com

                            March 30, 2013 Saturday

WB grant for waste magement

LENGTH: 168 words

DATELINE: KATHMANDU


KATHMANDU, March 30 -- he World Bank (WB) has provided a grant worth around Rs
374 million to improve access to high quality and financially sustainable solid
waste management (SWM) services in five municipalities in the country. Under the
Global Partnership on Output-Based Aid, the WB approved the grant for the
four-year project targeted to benefit around 800,000 people in Pokhara,
Lalitpur, Lekhnath, Tansen and Dhankuta municipalities by improving their SWM
status. The Solid Waste Management Technical Support Centre and the Town
Development Fund are jointly providing technical and project management support
to the municipalities. As part of the project agreement, the municipalities are
required to prepare SWM service improvement plans and implement a designated SWM
fee charged to all waste generators. Published by HT Syndication with permission
from EKantipur.com. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Kantipur Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              451 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              July 2, 2007 Monday
                                  City Edition

LAWTON ;
Hospital expansion to begin

BYLINE: Staff and Wire Reports

SECTION: NEWS; STATE BRIEFS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 338 words


Southwestern Medical Center in Lawton will launch development of a multimillion-
dollar expansion and upgrade at 10 a.m. July 11.

Phase one of the plan includes expanding the operating room facilities, same-day
surgery areas and intensive care unit.

Phase two includes building a second medical office building on the northwest
part of the hospital campus.

Phase one construction will begin in July. Phase two construction is scheduled
to begin this fall.

OKLAHOMA CITY Commission starts online service

The new online service of Oklahoma Real Estate Commission in Oklahoma City will
benefit more than 23,600 real estate licensees in Oklahoma.

People will now be able to renew their real estate license online at
www.ok.gov/orec/renewal/ and view their continuing education hours through this
system.

The commission expects at least 6,000 real estate licensees to renew online this
year. A typical online renewal takes about five minutes to complete, and
licensees can print verification of the licensure renewal at the end of the
process.

State offers grants for waste systems

The Oklahoma Department of Environmental Quality in Oklahoma City has resources
that can help local governments fund solid waste system improvements. The
Oklahoma Solid Waste Management Act created a system of state solid waste fees
that pay for the agency's environmental protection program and can also help
local governments develop better methods of handling garbage.

The law directs the environmental quality department to invest in projects to
implement county solid waste management plans. This funding program is
administered directly by county governments through the state Association of
County Commissioners.

County commissioners have used the agency's support to clean illegal dumps, hire
trash officers, develop facilities and buy brush chippers to recycle storm
debris.

Anyone interested in the programs can contact Fenton Rood, the state agency's
waste systems planning director, at P.O. Box 1677, Oklahoma City, OK 73101, or
call 702-5159.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              452 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            October 1, 2013 Tuesday

India :Tto develop waste management research project

LENGTH: 232  words


Project assume: December, 2014
Location: Chandigarh, India
Capacity : 350 tonne
Status : Ongoing
Chandigarh continues to tackle the problem of management of municipal solid
waste, with the city generating 350 tonne of it daily, Panjab University (PU)
has received a grant of Rs 1 crore from the Ministry of Science and Technology,
Government of India for the pilot project. The project is based on the idea of
evolving an integrated process of bio-conversion of the solid waste into
bio-ethanol, which can further be used as fuel. Titled, Bio-refinery for cost
effective bio-ethanol production from biodegradable municipal solid waste:
Technology Development and its validation, the research, is slated to take three
years for completion.


The only solution adopted is collection of the waste for land-filling, which is
not only filthy, but also leads to contamination of groundwater. Moreover, it
causes inconvenience to the residents of the near-by areas, as there is a
constant fear of explosion of methane gas.
The city has only one garbage-processing plant, stretched over 10 acres of land
in Dadu Majra area on the outskirts of the city. It is significant to note that
it has remained a cause of worry for the city residents, civic body and
environmentalists, ever since it was inaugurated in 2008, because of the foul
smell it generates and other environmental hazards.

country :India
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2013 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              453 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                    March 8, 1993, MONDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

CITY TO JOIN IN WASTE MANAGEMENT

BYLINE: Linda Billingsly Post-Dispatch Special Correspondent

SECTION: ZONE SOUTH; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 264 words


The City of Olivette will join with the St. Louis/Jefferson County Solid Waste
Management District to help residents get rid of flammable and toxic liquids.

Last week, the City Council voted unanimously to apply for a recycling and
waste-reduction grant program through the Missouri Department of Natural
Resources. City Administrator Gerald Feldman said that St. Louis County would
actually contract for the removal of items and that Olivette would promote the
program within the city through booklets and newsletters.

Feldman said the pilot program sought to reduce solid waste in homes by 40
percent by 1998. He said solid waste included paints, car oils and flammable
liquids. He said that the county would determine how the program would actually
work, but that it could involve picking up items, such as paint, at the curb
just as trash is now collected.

Joan Bradford, solid-waste manager for the St. Louis County Health Department,
said the program would start with paint only. She said that the program was very
expensive but that it might be expanded for other solid waste, depending on the
cost.

Bradford said the program would also focus on educating the public on how to
reduce hazardous wastes within the home. She said that it was very much in the
planning stages and that no time had been set for when it would begin.

Feldman said the city would seek to heavily promote the program in schools
through the use of county-distributed brochures and booklets. He said children
could potentially be the best promoters to get their parents involved.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              454 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                        Tribune-Review (Greensburg, PA)

                             May 20, 2006 Saturday

Recycling programs receive state grants

LENGTH: 158 words


Three state grants for area municipal recycling programs were among 116 awarded
Friday by the Rendell administration:

? Fayette County -- $311,719, curbside recycling, drop-off recycling and
recycling center.

? Indiana County Solid Waste Authority -- $291,351, wood waste recycling and
recycling center.

? New Kensington -- $24,973, wood waste recycling.

The $20 million in state grants reimburse local governments for the cost of
municipal recycling and composting programs. Pennsylvania's recycling program,
created under Act 101 of 1988, mandates recycling in the state's larger
municipalities and requires counties to develop municipal waste management
plans.

The state's recycling programs are supported by a $2 tipping fee on each ton of
waste deposited in Pennsylvania landfills.

Municipalities are eligible to apply for the 2006 round of recycling development
and implementation grants. Applications must be received or postmarked by Oct.
20.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2006 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              455 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                             June 13, 2015 Saturday

Ensuring proper sewerage management;
The municipal corporation in the past five years has ensured garbage and waste
is properly treated to keep the city clean

BYLINE: team dna

LENGTH: 471  words


The municipal corporation in the past five years has ensured garbage and waste
is properly treated to keep the city clean

Since its inception, the Vasai Virar Municipal Corporation has implemented
initiatives to manage its increasing population, and provide them with a clean
city. With a state-of-the-art bio-tech plant and approval to set up sewage
treatment plants (STPs), the region is now developing at a great speed.

Currently, the garbage collection and transportation of the region's 89 wards
are outsourced to contractors. The region is divided into five zones
corresponding to five regional offices for effective management. Each zone has a
different contractor and annual contracts are drawn up and extended if the set
requirements are fulfilled. The requirements being, the garbage has to be
collected daily and roads have to be cleaned periodically.

Public places like bus stands, railway stations and market places have to be
cleaned twice a day, and steps should be taken against garbage pile up. The
contractors are responsible for the collection and transportation of garbage
from their respective zones. Cleaning of drains and public toilets, sweeping of
roads and markets are undertaken by the contractors. Manual and periodic
cleaning of sewers and storm drains are also implemented. Contractors have to
ensure that hydraulic vehicles are used to transport the waste generated in the
region. Different vehicles are used to effectively cover the region. There are
tricycles for narrow roads along with tempos and compactors to transport the
garbage to the treatment plant.

Bio-Tech Plant

A 400 tonne capacity Hanjer bio-tech plant, one of the best in the region was
set up in 2009 at Gokhivare. It treats all the garbage collected from the
region. Since the 50 acre land around the plant is with the Corporation,
expansion of the plant can be done with ease. The corporation itself segregates
the waste at the plant.

Sewage Treatment Plants

The region is receiving a grant of Rs 557 crore from the Central Government
under the Underground Sewerage Scheme to build seven sewage treatment plants.
The STPs will be build in phases, with two plants being planed at Chikaldongari
having a 13mld (million litres per day) capacity and a 30mld plant in Bolinj
both in Virar west. The plans have already received approval from the Planning
Commission.

For a flood-free city

Grant of Rs. 31 Crores sanctioned under Satellite City Project for Vasai
Virarcity.

A fleet of Small and big vehicles in operation for collecting solid waste from
lanes and gullies of the city

Proposed: Solid Waste Management: Proposal for Electricity generation from waste
matter. Provision of Rs. 52 Crores for Dumping ground development in order to
dispose solid wastes in a scientific manner has been made.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2015 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              456 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 23, 2014 Tuesday

Tennessee: TDEC announces new recycling hub in Roane County

LENGTH: 325  words

DATELINE: Nashville


The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:

The Tennessee Department of Environment and Conservation (TDEC)'s Division of
Solid and Waste Management announced today a new recycling hub in Roane County -
a project funded by the TDEC Recycling Hub and Spoke Grants Program.

The creation of the new hub will help establish collaborative efforts between
Roane County and its spoke communities to increase recycling in the region.

"We are very excited to announce the new recycling hub in Roane County," said
TDEC Commissioner Bob Martineau. "This location will become the backbone for
collaboration between local and county governments and other groups to increase
recycling in the region."

A hub and spoke recycling hub is a recycling collection and processing system
operated by three or more local governments, solid waste planning regions,
counties and municipalities, solid waste authorities, or nonprofit recycling
organizations. The groups work together to increase recycling volumes, minimize
operational costs and increase revenues generated for materials collected.

"Roane County is excited to work with the state, surrounding counties, cities
and schools as we continue to move forward in our phased recycling program,"
said County Executive Ron Woody.  "Our partnership with TDEC through the Hub and
Spoke grant has been instrumental in elevating our recycling program to the next
level. We look forward to continued cooperation with all our partners."

TDEC began distributing hub and spoke recycling grants in 2011 to increase
recycling across the state through cooperative partnerships among solid waste
planning regions, counties and municipalities. Partners determine their own
activities to reduce operational costs, promote recycling and increase revenues
for local governments participating in the partnerships.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              457 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 22, 2014 Monday

Tennessee: TDEC announces new recycling hub in Roane County

LENGTH: 325  words

DATELINE: Nashville


The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:

The Tennessee Department of Environment and Conservation (TDEC)'s Division of
Solid and Waste Management announced today a new recycling hub in Roane County -
a project funded by the TDEC Recycling Hub and Spoke Grants Program.

The creation of the new hub will help establish collaborative efforts between
Roane County and its spoke communities to increase recycling in the region.

"We are very excited to announce the new recycling hub in Roane County," said
TDEC Commissioner Bob Martineau. "This location will become the backbone for
collaboration between local and county governments and other groups to increase
recycling in the region."

A hub and spoke recycling hub is a recycling collection and processing system
operated by three or more local governments, solid waste planning regions,
counties and municipalities, solid waste authorities, or nonprofit recycling
organizations. The groups work together to increase recycling volumes, minimize
operational costs and increase revenues generated for materials collected.

"Roane County is excited to work with the state, surrounding counties, cities
and schools as we continue to move forward in our phased recycling program,"
said County Executive Ron Woody.  "Our partnership with TDEC through the Hub and
Spoke grant has been instrumental in elevating our recycling program to the next
level. We look forward to continued cooperation with all our partners."

TDEC began distributing hub and spoke recycling grants in 2011 to increase
recycling across the state through cooperative partnerships among solid waste
planning regions, counties and municipalities. Partners determine their own
activities to reduce operational costs, promote recycling and increase revenues
for local governments participating in the partnerships.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              458 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                            February 10, 2014 Monday

Next legislative move: solid waste management?

LENGTH: 601  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


The Sindh Assembly is likely to adopt the Sindh Solid Waste Management Board
Bill in today (Monday).

The prospective law will pave the way for establishing a centralised provincial
authority for overseeing and running the solid waste management affairs of major
urban centres while divesting these powers back from the municipal bodies.



The Muttahida Qaumi Movement (MQM) is likely to oppose the proposed bill,
considering it yet another step to curtail the powers of municipal and local
bodies of the province, which otherwise require autonomy in financial and
administrative affairs in accordance with Article 140-A of the constitution.

But irrespective of opposition to the proposed bill, it will easily sail through
the legislative process on the basis of the majority of treasury members of the
ruling Pakistan People's Party.

The proposed law envisages establishing a 14-member Sindh Solid Waste Management
Board with the provincial chief minister as the chairman of the board or his
nominee and comprising government-appointed managing-director and four executive
directors of the board.

Other members would comprise senior officials or nominees of the government
departments or allied government and public sector agencies like Karachi
Metropolitan Corporation, Directorate of Military Lands and Cantonments, Defence
Housing Authority Karachi and Karachi Chamber of Commerce and Industry.

The powers and functions of the provincial government-run board include the
right over solid waste related issues, assets, funds, and liabilities of the
(district) councils and possessing sole rights on all kinds of solid waste
within the limits of all councils.

The proposed board would have the authority to grant permission to individuals,
institutions, industries, factories, workshops, furnaces, compost making and
power generation from the solid waste for segregation of the recyclable material
from the waste, collection, treatment, sale and purchase, recycling or disposal
of all kinds of waste.

Following the passage of reasonable time after the adoption of the Solid Waste
Management Law, it is likely that the provincial Local Government Department
would notify the date for the transfer of the functions from the councils to the
board through official notification. During the transition period, the existing
operation of solid waste management would be continued by the district councils.
The proposed board would also recommend a tax or cess to the provincial
government to be levied in the province pertaining to running solid waste
management affairs of the province.

In an earlier sitting, the already promulgated ordinance by the Sindh Governor
pertaining to Sindh Solid Waste Management Board was also laid before the house.


Speaking in the house on February 7, MQM's Deputy Parliamentary Leader Khawaja
Izharul Hassan had said the bill pertaining to the Sindh solid waste management
board, if adopted, would take back the powers and functions from the municipal
bodies, which would be sheer injustice with the local government institutions as
it would render the local bodies powerless, just to perform functions merely
related to traffic control in their respective jurisdictions.

He was speaking in the house on the proposed legislation of Sindh Building
Control (Amendment) Bill, 2014, which was considered and adopted by the house
amidst strong resistance by the opposition.

The building control amendment bill was passed by the provincial assembly to
centralise the subjects of master planning and town planning of various
districts and towns to the Sindh Building Control Authority.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              459 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                              Herald (Goa) (India)

                             June 23, 2015 Tuesday

Lack of octroi grant hampers Penha de Franca's progress

LENGTH: 224 words

DATELINE: Goa


Goa, June 23 -- Penha de Franca Sarpanch Radhika Sawant stated that they were
supposed to receive the grant for the current financial year by February 2015.
Without it, they were unable to pay the contractor who collected garbage on
door-to-door basis for the last two months. The contractor threatened to stop
work if he did not receive payment forthwith.

"The Penha de France panchayat received third prize in 'best practices of solid
waste management' from Goa State Pollution Control Board this year. Last year
the panchayat had received a certificate of appreciation for management of
non-biodegradable dry and plastic waste. If the panchayat does not receive the
grants from the government on time, how will it undertake the solid waste
management programme?" said Sawant.

She further said that the panchayat had not been able to financially assist the
residents who had suffered losses after trees fell on their houses. She spoke to
the Panchayat Director Gurudas Pillarnker in this regard and he assured to look
into the matter. She added, "The panch members also have not received their
salaries from the government for the last five months."

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Herald Goa. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Herald Publications Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              460 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                December 2, 1996, Monday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

COUNTY LACKS GUIDELINES TO ALLOCATE REVENUE FROM LANDFILLS

BYLINE: Phil Sutin Of The Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: ZONE SOUTH; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 744 words


St. Louis County officials have few procedures to guide them as they dole out
about $ 1.7 million in landfill tipping fees each year.

This situation has led Lee Fox, chairman of the county's waste management
commission, to warn that the county runs the risk of favoritism in allocating
the money. He also said qualified recipients could miss opportunities for the
money because they don't know they can receive funds. Fox wants his commission
to discuss these issues.

Joan Bradford is the county's solid-waste coordinator. Asked last week whether
the money is being distributed fairly, she said, "Absolutely. When we decide
about recipients, we deal with them in a fair and impartial manner."

The county ordinance establishing the fee divides the spending of the money into
nine categories. But in only one category - municipal and related grants - has
the county devised a formal procedure for receiving applications for the money
and deciding who should receive it.

The tipping fee money is to be spent to encourage recycling and to enforce
county regulations on disposing solid waste. Most of the money is supposed to go
to organizations outside of county government.

The tipping fee ordinance includes general guidelines on how money should be
spent in each category. And it sets limits on the percentage of total funds that
can be used in any category. The limits equal 114 percent of the total, so the
county must spend less than the maximum in some categories. Here's what's
happening in the categories:

The municipal-grant category has established rules and a procedure for applying
for grants with deadlines. Two committees review the requests before county
health department officials select recipients. The county awarded $ 743,841 in
grants this year.

The incentives-to-industry category has no apparent application and grant
-processing procedures. The county shifted $ 35,000 from municipal grants
awarded last year to Pagedale and E&H Hauling to this category. The shift paid
for the hauler's special truck, which weighs trash as it is being collected. The
vehicle is part of an experiment to see if charging for trash collection by
weight is practical.

Bradford said officials had decided the switch would result in a more
appropriate use of tipping-fee money. The county also spent $ 58,312 from
industry-incentive category funds to buy a truck for Laidlaw waste haulers. The
purchase was part of a settlement of a waste-hauling industry lawsuit
challenging the tipping fee. Bradford said haulers could apply for incentives
money if they wished.

The miscellaneous category also has no apparent application and grant-processing
procedures. The county spent $ 25,000 to help finance a pipeline that transports
methane generated by decaying material in the Fred Weber landfill to nearby
Pattonville High School. Bradford said the Pattonville project fit the
miscellaneous category. She said it was for projects that did not fall clearly
into any other.

In two categories - education and materials, and market development - the
solid-waste coordinator's office passes the money to other agencies. The
Cooperating School District is scheduled to handle $ 200,000 in the educational
money next year. The agency will use the money to devise a model recycling
curriculum with the help of staff from a large, a medium-size and a small school
district. The agency also will try to develop model waste-hauling contracts that
encourage recycling.

The market development money goes to the St. Louis County Economic Council. For
about 20 months, it has conducted a loan program with below-market interest
rates to help companies that process recovered wastes or manufacture something
from recovered wastes in the county. The economic council has received about $ 1
million for the program but has awarded only one loan: $ 200,000 to Enviropak to
help it produce packaging for electronic equipment from waste paper.

Two categories are administrative: enforcement of the county's waste-management
ordinance and financing of the solid-waste coordinator's office. The 1997 county
budget says enforcement activities would receive $ 102,968 in tipping-fee funds
and the coordinator's office $ 205,935.

The county has spent no money in the household hazardous-waste category.
Bradford said the county was holding the funds until officials develop a program
to deal with disposing such material. As of November, $ 375,377 sat unused.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 1996

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1996 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              461 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                           The Ironton Tribune, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 27, 2009 Tuesday

Scrap tire event nets more than 2,000 tires

BYLINE: Teresa Moore, The Ironton Tribune, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 313 words


Oct. 27--They're probably one of the most visible eyesores to muck up the sides
of rural roads and woodlands: scrap tires. Thanks to a grant from the Ohio
Environmental Protection Agency and some local elbow grease, old junk tires are
not as plentiful today as they were last week in Union and Fayette townships.

The trustees in those two townships had their third scrap tire collection event
in cooperation with the Lawrence-Scioto Solid Waste Management District. SWMD
Director Dan Palmer said more than 2,000 tires were collected in the two
townships.

The OEPA provided the money and the transportation to haul the tires away. Local
officials provided the manpower, along with assistance from Lawrence County
Municipal Court workers and the trucks to collect the tires off the roadsides.

"This is a fantastic program and it never ends, given the vast amount of tires
people dispose of illegally," Palmer said. He estimated the grant was worth
anywhere from $15,000-$20,000.

"It takes a lot of effort from each one of us but it's worthwhile," Union
Township trustee Rick Gue said. "We have complaints of people still dumping
tires and this is something we can do for the public."

Both Gue and Fayette Township trustee Perry Brock praised the solid waste
district for helping get the grant and organize the tire collection event.

"Solid waste does a very good job helping get money and we thank them for that
and thank everyone who participated in it," Brock said.

To see more of the Ironton Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.irontontribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Ironton Tribune, Ohio
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091027-1IR-Scrap-tire-event-nets-more-than-2,000-tires-1027

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1IR


                                 Copyright 2009


                              462 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          New Straits Times (Malaysia)

                            November 16, 2008 Sunday

Cost the biggest concern

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 453 words


EVERYONE shares the same objective - to improve waste management. The big
question is, who will shoulder the cost?

This is the crux of concerns among states calling for a review or a halt to the
takeover of waste management services by the Federal Government, said Ensearch
chairman Peter Ho Yueh Chuen.

The president of the Environmental Management and Research Association of
Malaysia said that cost had always been at the heart of waste management issues
in the country and it was a concern that should be addressed quickly.

When local councils were responsible for solid waste management, they did a good
job on collection, said Ho.

But they never had sufficient funds to support improvements in treatment and
disposal of waste - the assessment they collected from homeowners just wasn't
enough to cover this kind of an investment.

And since local authorities depended on federal grants to cover the cost of
these services, it was thought that federalising waste management would be a
good idea.

That way, the Federal Government could provide what was needed.

So the effort began with a concessionaire system in the mid-1990s.

The solid waste management and public cleansing services in five states and two
federal territories were taken over by concessionaires on an interim basis from
1997.

Ho said that one advantage of federalisation would be that the government could
shoulder the huge capital outlays for improving facilities like landfills.

In Singapore, the government provides the capital grant for such facilities to
be built, while the operating cost is covered by the assessment that consumers
pay.

So there is no issue of repaying the capital cost, said Ho.

"What states are concerned about here is that there is no guarantee that the
government is going to bear the capital investments.

"If they don't guarantee it, then states may have to raise rates to cover these
costs."

Some of these projects may not be wholly government-run and there is a question
of how private investors will be repaid.

Ho said the Solid Waste and Public Cleansing Act 2007 did not talk about the
actual mechanism of how things were going to work on the ground.

"These issues have to be discussed and thrashed out between states and the
Federal Government

But he added that the Pakatan-led states may have jumped the gun.

"Unless you put the law into practice, you won't know the faults and cracks."

Ho said the act presented many good possibilities like consolidating facilities,
sharing landfills and optimising cost. "But states don't want to get into a
situation where they are forced to pay more than they do now.

"So, there is a real need for the Federal Government to clarify exactly how the
system will work and what the safeguards are."

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2008 New Straits Times Press (Malaysia) Berhad
                              All Rights Reserved


                              463 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                              Early Times (India)

                            November 18, 2016 Friday

Only 20 % staff members of ULBs actively work on Ground

LENGTH: 1019 words

DATELINE: Jammu


Jammu, Nov. 18 -- Out of 4000 Field Staff members in Urban Local Bodes , hardly
500 to 600 are seen practically working on the ground which raises a serious
question mark on the functioning of around 90 Municipal Committees across the
state.

As per reliable sources only 20 % of staff members are seen active in around 90
Municipal committees across state and rest 80 % get salaries for doing no work.
This problem is causing a huge loss to state exchequer and authorities seem to
be least bothered to address the issue.

Details available with Early Times reveal that out of 40 employees in Beerwah
Municipal Committee in Budgam only 7 to 10 employees are seen actively working
on the ground. In addition to it around one dozen officials are posted in the
Municipal Committee office but hardly 5 to 6 are seen present.

There is no Executive Officer posted in the said committee from last several
months. Beerwah Municipal Committee has total administration over 950 houses to
which it supplies basic amenities like water and sewerage. It is also authorize
to build roads within Municipal Committee limits and impose taxes on properties
coming under its jurisdiction, but the successive Govern-ment's have not
empowered Beerwah Municipal Committee at all.

As per reliable information there are 80 plus employees in Municipal Committee
Beerwah , but only 20 people are seen working on the ground and rest of the
employees are drawing salaries sitting at home. In Budgam Municipal Committee
there are around 85 employees but only 10 to 15 attend their duties regularly.
In Municipal Committee Ganderbal there are more than 4 dozen employees but
hardly 7 to 12 employees are seen active. There is no dumping site for garbage
in this town with the result heaps of garbage are dumped in local water bodies.

Pertinent to mention that a report submitted before National Green Tribunal
(NGT) has revealed some astonishing facts about Jammu & Kashmir vis a vis
dumping of solid waste in the state. The report says that J&K has 100 % open
dumping of Municipal Solid Waste which includes its Urban Local Bodies as well
(ULB).

Due to absence of scientific waste management techniques the Municipal Solid
Waste is dumped in open across cities of Srinagar and Jammu along with other
towns which are controlled by the Directorates of Urban Local Bodies in Srinagar
and Jammu. The report was submitted by Government of India last year before the
National Green Tribunal (NGT) which is an apex legal body looking after
litigations related to environmental pollution. The report has ranked J&K state
as 31 vis a vis management of municipal solid waste across country. Goa , Kerala
and Tamilnadu are the best three states which have proper scientific mechanism
in place vis a via Management of Solid Waste.

As per the report J&K neither has any facility of door to door collection of
municipal solid waste , segregation nor is composting of organic waste material
done in any city or town of the state. As already reported early this year , in
Bijbehara town the municipal solid waste , garbage , dead animals are being
dumped by the local Municipal Committee (MC) Bijbehara on the banks of "Daed
Kull" which is a beautiful nallah flowing through Bijbehara - Pahalgam road.
Heaps of garbage are dumped near this place by authorities who claim to be the
saviors of the community.

" There is no concept of Solid Waste Management , Segregation at source and door
to door collection of garbage in our town. Had the local municipal authorities
been doing this in Bhejbehara and other towns , the things would have been
different. Even the officials of local municipality are unaware about scientific
disposal and segregation of bio-degradable and non biodegradable of waste
material" said Mohammad Asif a Post Graduate student of Environmental Science
and a local resident of Bijbehara .

The sanitation staff of local municipality in Chadoora town of central Kashmir
are seen involved in dumping all the garbage into the Doodh-Ganga nallah which
flows through this town. Irony is that same water is supplied by Public Health
Engineering (PHE) department to thousands of people in Budgam as well as
Srinagar districts.

In Bandipora town the garbage and municipal waste is dumped in Wullar lake by
local Municipal Committee. Few years back the Municipal Committee (MC) Bandipora
received a grant of around Rs 82 lakhs from Wullar Conservation and Management
Authority (WUCMA) for strengthening and developing the infrastructure for
scientific disposal of municipal solid waste so as to prevent any sort of
pollution within and along the banks of Wular Lake. "Inspite of getting get a
huge grant the Muncipal Committee (MC) Bandipora continues to dump all the
garbage in the local water bodies and the irony is that this dumping mostly
takes place in famous Wullar lake" said a local resident Mushtaq Ahmad

Due to increased population Solid Waste Management (SWM) has been seen as a
great challenge in Jammu and Srinagar cities . Huge quantity of garbage gets
piled up in these twin cities on daily basis. The way this garbage is stored and
disposed off, poses a great threat to our environment. This activity is not only
a threat to our environment but it is hazardous to the public health also. The
garbage disposal or Solid Waste Management is not only a problem for Jammu or
Srinagar cities but this is a very serious issue for the people residing in
other towns of our state like Bandipora , Udhampur , Kupwara , Sopore, Ramban ,
Doda, Rajouri etc .

" If all the staff members posted in Urbal Local Bodies across perform their
duties efficiently our towns would be garbage free within months. But nobody is
bothered about these 80 % of employees who get salaries sitting at home. We hope
Dy CM Nirmal Singh ji who is Minister In charge for Urban Bodies as well , will
intervene into this serious issue" said Advocate Bilal Ahmad an environmental
lawyer.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Early Times. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Early Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              464 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    April 10, 1991, Wednesday, City Edition

County doubling recycling program

BYLINE: WENDY LEMUS

SECTION: BRANDON TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 472 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



The county is doubling its curbside recycling program this month by extending
service to an additional 38,000 homes throughout Hillsborough.

    Residents in several areas of the county already place their recyclable
trash soda and beer cans, glass bottles and old newspapers in a bin provided by
the county. The additional routes, which include large areas in Tampa Palms and
Dover, will bring the total number of homes with curbside service to 76,000.

    Lutz residents Donna and Charles Erlandson received their 14-gallon
recycled-plastic container last week, and said they plan to use it.

    "We just believe that saving some of the natural resources is a very good
idea," Mrs. Erlandson said. "I don't believe it's going to solve the problem,
but it's a step in the right direction."

    Apollo Beach and Sun City Center are experimenting with curbside recycling
of plastic. Additional routes could be added if the  program proves worthwhile.

    The problem is there is no recycling facility in Hillsborough County that
takes plastic items mixed with other materials, said Gretchen Fulmer, the
county's recycling coordinator. She also said the county does not have an
efficient way of keeping plastic separate in the garbage trucks.

    "Hopefully, we will have a facility available to us in the not-too-distant
future," Fulmer said.

    She said the participation rate for the county's curbside recycling program
varies from 30 percent to 80 percent.

    "It's voluntary, and naturally there are pockets of low participation," she
said.

    Lucy and Ben Bostain have been pitching their recyclable items into a county
bin since the program reached their Lake Magdalene neighborhood more than a year
ago. Mrs. Bostain said many of her neighbors also are using the bins.

    "It's easy," she said. "It's just nice to do something like this."

    The curbside program is part of county's attempt to comply with the state
Solid Waste Management Act passed in 1988, which requires Florida counties to
recycle 30 percent of their waste by 1994. A survey taken last July showed that
more than 24 percent of the county's garbage was recycled. That includes private
recycling, Fulmer said.

    By November, county officials hope the service will be available to all
homes where curbside recycling is possible, or about 132,000 homes. Many parts
of Tampa now have curbside recycling service, and city officials also are
planning to expand the program.

    Once the county reaches its goal, the program will cost almost $ 2-million
to run. Part of the money now comes from a state grant and the county's solid
waste budget, but Fulmer said that at some point residents may have to pay a
small collection fee for recycled items.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: BRANDON TIMES; TAMPA

                            Times Publishing Company


                              465 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                      The Yadkin Ripple, Yadkinville, N.C.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

County makes improvements at solid waste, recycling centers

BYLINE: Kitsey Burns Harrison, The Yadkin Ripple, Yadkinville, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 667 words


Feb. 25--A number of improvements have been made recently in the solid waste and
recycling department in Yadkin County. Assistant County Manager Christopher Ong
assumed oversight of the department last summer and has been working to
implement chances to increase efficiency.

"Improving the service delivery in the most cost effective way possible for the
citizens of Yadkin County" has been the goal, Ong said.

"There have been across the board changes implemented in everything from the
daily operations of solid waste management to capital improvements at the solid
waste sites," he said.

Improvements have included the sealing and paving of Landfill Road from
Sugartown Road to the access gate at the Solid Waste Facility, reshaping the
gravel road to the transfer station and installing new draining pipes.

A new site building also was installed at one of the centrally located
convenience sites on Speer Bridge Road. The building also was moved to create a
safer traffic pattern and allow the site attendant to better manage the
location.

Positions in the department also were reclassified to improve operations and the
solid waste management software was updated for the first time in more than a
decade. Unused assets including two garbage trucks and a building were sold
through electronic auction to offset some of the capital improvement expenses. A
capital improvement and maintenance plan for the solid waste facility and all
seven convenience sites also has been developed.

Shannon Harris was hired to serve as solid waste operations supervisor. Security
and safety has been improved by way of video/audio monitoring at the sites and
tightening of internal controls.

Solid waste and recycling is a service the county provides to its citizens, Ong
said, and he said ensuring good customer service at the sites is also a big part
of the improvements being made.

"Besides the Solid Waste Facility located on Landfill Road, the county operates
seven manned convenience sites throughout Yadkin County where residents can drop
off their bagged trash and recycling in dumpsters. There is an attendant staffed
at each site who is more than happy to assist all elderly and disabled citizens
who need help unloading their trash and recyclables," Ong said.

Encouraging recycling, and the ease of recycling, is another important message
Ong said he wanted to get out to citizens of Yadkin County.

"Yadkin County recently converted to single stream recycling which means that
you no longer have to sort and separate your recyclable materials and put them
in separate dumpsters," he said. "You can now throw in together at all of the
county recycling dumpsters: Metal -- aluminum drink and food cans (rinsed);
clean pie pans and aluminum foil and empty aerosol cans; Plastics -- all
plastics numbered #1-#7; Glass -- all rinsed food and beverage jars/bottles that
are clear, green, and brown; Paper -- paper; magazines; and empty, broken down
cardboard boxes.

Ong mentioned local business Unifi and how it has become a "great corporate
citizen" through its recycling program and Repreve line which creates yarn from
recycled bottles.

The county is also in the process of applying for a grant from the North
Carolina Department of Environmental Quality-Division of Environmental
Assistance and Customer Service to help get out the message of the county's
single stream recycling program. The funding from that grant would go to improve
signage on the recycling bins at the convenience sites and a direct mail piece
to county citizens reminding them of the recycling options.

"We believe that a strong marketing push coupled with well-designed signage at
the convenience sites is key to and will make a significant impact on the
success of our single stream program,"Ong said.

Kitsey Burns Harrison may be reached at 336-679-2341 or on Twitter
@RippleReporterK.

___ (c)2016 The Yadkin Ripple (Yadkinville, N.C.) Visit The Yadkin Ripple
(Yadkinville, N.C.) at www.yadkinripple.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160225-1YK-County-makes-improvements-at-solid-waste
-recycling-centers-0225-20160225

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1YK


                                 Copyright 2016


                              466 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                June 25, 1998, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

DEAL FOR RECYCLING GRANT WINS COUNCIL APPROVAL;
MOBILE HOMES ARE AMONG AREAS THAT WILL BE STUDIED

BYLINE: Lee Khorll; Special To The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: SOUTH POST, Pg. 1

LENGTH: 518 words


Despite the objection of a council member who lives in a mobile home, the Arnold
City Council has entered into an agreement with the St. Louis-Jefferson Solid
Waste Management District for a Multi-Family/Mobile Home Recycling grant.

The grant was sought a year ago and was accepted by the council at a meeting
last week.

The agreement calls for Arnold to provide a series of waste-reduction and
recycling brochures to residents and to study potential waste-reduction and
recycling opportunities in multifamily dwellings and mobile home parks.

Arnold will conduct a study of recycling for such dwellings. The study will
include meetings with waste haulers, surveying mobile-home-park and
multifamily-building owners and residents and meeting with owners and managers.
The results of the study will be included in a report to be provided to the
solid waste district and presented to the council.

Arnold will pay the salary of Community Development Director Michael DeRuntz to
act as project manager and work with the solid waste district as its part of the
project. The grant will provide $ 21,946 for other costs such as handbills,
newspaper inserts, postage, a meeting room and refreshments.

Council member Lavaughn King, 1st Ward, cast the only vote against the program.
"We don't need this in our park," he said. "Put it in at City Hall. We already
pay trash bills because we are considered residential."

Council member Joe Pounds, 1st Ward, disagreed. "This is something we should
do," he said. "We ought to at least look into it."

Other council members agreed, and the vote to accept was 7-1.

In other business, the council:

* Voted to hire Valuation Counselors to conduct an appraisal of 13 properties
for sidewalk easements along Starling Airport Road and one appraisal for road
purposes in the Longview Neighborhood Improvement District. The cost is to be $
250 for each address plus $ 2,000 a day if court testimony is necessary. City
Manager Eric Knoll says the latter charge is not likely to be incurred. Arnold
asked property owners in the two areas to donate construction easements, and
most agreed. But those involved in the appraisals did not grant easements.
"These people either don't want the project or want to be paid for their
property," Public Works Director Robert Eade said. He said that after the
appraisals were completed, a group of commissioners would decide the awards to
be made on the basis of whether the work would enhance or damage the various
properties and then negotiations would begin between Arnold and the property
owners.

* Approved a bill requiring electrical contractors working in Arnold to be
licensed elsewhere. This relieves Arnold of having to test and license each
contractor. State law requires that only licensed workers be allowed to handle
projects.

* Agreed to pay Ahrens Contracting Inc. of East St. Louis $ 5,898 for asbestos
abatement and demolition of the house at 365 Kathryn Drive under the federal
Flood Mitigation Program.

* Reappointed Larry Palazzolo and appointed Howard Becker to the Board of
Adjustment.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1998 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              467 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            Norwalk Reflector, Ohio

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             July 12, 2016 Tuesday

County's turn to talk trash

BYLINE: Scott Seitz, Norwalk Reflector, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 462 words


July 12--The negotiation of a new solid waste district plan involves much back
and forth between the city of Norwalk and Huron County of[#x203a]cials.

Just recently, Norwalk Mayor Rob Duncan discussed a variety of the issues the
two sides face.

Norwalk, being the largest municipality in the county, has to sign-off on the
agreement before it can be approved.

Pete Welch, solid waste district coordinator, negotiates on behalf of Huron
County.

In an email addressed to the county commissioners among others, Welch made
several points of clari[#x203a]cation as the process continues.

A new agreement needs to be reached by August 2017.

Welch [#x203a]rst talked about how the tonnage rate is set.

"The tonnage rate is not established in the solid waste plan," Welch said. "Ohio
Revised Code reserves the right for the board of Huron County commissioners to
set the disposal rate at a solid waste collection/disposal facility.

"The county and city negotiated a $25,000 disposal rate discount during the last
plan update," he added. "As of today, the disposal rate has not been discussed."

Welch stressed many county communities are involved in recycling.

"Norwalk is not the only community that collects glass and plastic," he said.
"Several townships and the village of Wakeman collect glass and plastic as part
of their recycling stream. The townships receive the material as co-mingled and
Wakeman is a subscription service with Republic Waste."

Welch also indicated recycling grants are not part of the process.

"Currently and historically, neither the solid waste management district or the
county receive grant funding for handling glass and plastic," he said.

A statement was recently made if the city stopped picking up glass and plastic
the county would have to do it at 100 percent.

"Neither the solid waste district of the county have an obligation to collect
glass and plastic in the city of Norwalk," Welch said. "Additionally, the city
is not obligated to collect glass and plastic. The district is responsible to
provide 90 percent of the population recycling access for four of the seven
recyclable materials. To assist the city's residents/commercial businesses, the
district provides [#x203a]ve full-service drop boxes within city limits
collecting mixed paper, cardboard, metals cans and aluminum cans."

Welch said it's important that all information is available so a solid waste
plan can be approved which bene[#x203a]ts all residents.

"As we continue through this plan approval process, it's important that
misconceptions don't contaminate the objectives of policy committee and the
voting entities (municipalities and townships)," he said.

___ (c)2016 the Norwalk Reflector (Norwalk, Ohio) Visit the Norwalk Reflector
(Norwalk, Ohio) at www.norwalkreflector.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160712-1NW-County-s-turn-to-talk-trash-0712-20160712

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1NW


                     Copyright 2016 Norwalk Reflector, Ohio


                              468 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                      The Times-Tribune (Corbin, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 28, 2010 Thursday

Whitley secures state funds to clean illegal dumps

BYLINE: The Times-Tribune, Corbin, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 387 words


Jan. 28--Gov. Steve Beshear announced last Thursday that approximately $3
million in grant funding had been awarded from the Kentucky PRIDE Fund to clean
up 240 illegal dumps in Whitley and 41 other counties.

"This is the second year that the Whitley County Fiscal Court has received the
Illegal Open Dump Remediation Grant," said Projects Manager Tracy West. "In
2009, we cleaned 16 illegal open dumps."

"Illegal dumping is a major problem that raises significant concerns with regard
to safety, property values, and quality of life in our communities," said Gov.
Beshear. "In addition, it is a major economic burden on local government, which
is typically responsible for cleaning up dump sites."

According to West, Whitley County was awarded $327,387 to clean 24 illegal open
dump sites in 2010. State funding for the illegal open dump grant program comes
from a $1.75 environmental remediation fee for each ton of garbage disposed of
at Kentucky municipal solid waste disposal facilities.

"Illegal open dumps have been a problem throughout the county for many years.
Many of the dumps are reoccurring, meaning they have been cleaned in prior
years," West added.

The county's solid waste coordinator, Danny Moses, explained, "We are doing what
we can to catch those who are illegally dumping, but many are reported to me
after the fact." Moses said that in 2009, four citations for dumping were
written, which either resulted in fines or the violator having to clean up the
dump area.

West asked for the public's support. "If they see somebody in the process of
dumping they can call dispatch's non-emergency number (549-6017), but if they
would like to report finding an illegal dump, they can call the
judge-executive's office at 549-6000."

For contractors interested in placing bids for the 24 cleanup projects, West
said information will be available in the judge/executive's office beginning
today.

To see more of The Times-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetimestribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Times-Tribune, Corbin,
Ky. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100128-KB-Whitley-secures-state-funds-to-clean-illegal-dumps-0128

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KB


                                 Copyright 2010


                              469 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                              The Herald (Harare)

                          December 14, 2011 Wednesday

EMA Convicts Chitungwiza Municipality

BYLINE: Fungai Lupande

LENGTH: 475 words


Chitungwiza Municipality was yesterday convicted by the Environmental Management
Board for disposing raw sewerage into the environment, poor refuse collection
and uncontrolled solid waste management at their dumpsite.

The local authority was also convicted for developing residential and commercial
stands on wetlands.

Chitungwiza Municipality, represented by its director of works Mr Alfonce Tinofa
admitted discharging 25 mega litres of raw sewerage daily directly into Nyatsime
and Manyame Rivers.

He pleaded guilty to three counts levelled against the municipality.

In the first count, as outlined by EMA vice-chairperson Ms Jennifer Tanyanyiwa,
was the development of residential and commercial stands in wetlands in
violation of Section 97 of Environmental Management Act.

"The second count is the disposal of raw sewage into the environment at Zengeza
Sewage Treatment Works and pump station 3 without a licence contravening Section
57 of the Act Chapter 20:27, Section 5 (1) as read with section 5 (1) of
Statutory Instrument 6 of 2007.

"The third count is uncontrolled solid waste management at the dumpsite and poor
refuse management, contravening Section 70 of the Act as read with Section 5(1)
of the statutory instrument 6 of 2007," said Ms Tanyanyiwa.

EMA ordered Mr Tinofa to bring senior managers including the mayor and town
clerk for sentence today.

"It is true that we are disposing 25 mega litres of raw sewerage daily into
Manyame and Nyatsime River since 2004 when our facilities stopped working and we
could not repair them due to economic challenges.

"Harare Metropolitan is affected because we are up stream, we are also aware of
that.

"We are aware that we are seriously damaging the eco-system and currently we are
pumping water directly from Lake Chivero since 2009. In Unit G there is a pipe
line that continuously collapses at Seke Teachers College but we are working to
rectify the problem," he said.

"We have received a grant of US$3,5 million and the money will go a long way in
rectifying the financial crisis we are currently facing.

"We also received US$3 million from central Government for pipe replacement and
we have since engaged a private company to provide 20 refuse compactors, 10 will
be delivered towards the end of this year and another 10 early next year," he
said.

Mr Tinofa said Chitungwiza Municipality has been operating without a qualified
town planner since 2004, which resulted in serious urban planning problems.

"We only managed to engage a qualified town planner in February this year and we
won't be having problems in the near future.

"Now that we know it is illegal to allocate residential and commercial stands on
wetlands, all developments on wetlands have to be stopped. The people will be
reallocated but I am afraid there is nothing we can do to those who have already
developed their stands," he said.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              470 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 March 3, 1997, Monday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

WESTFALL NAMES HEAD, 2 MEMBERS FOR PANEL ON WASTE MANAGEMENT

BYLINE: Phil Sutin; Of The Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: ZONE NORTH, Pg. 02

LENGTH: 229 words


St. Louis County Executive George R. "Buzz" Westfall has named a new chairman
for the county Waste Management Commission and appointed two new members.

Until recently, only one of the commission's seven members was in a regular
three-year term. Two seats were vacant. The terms of other members expired in
1991, 1992 and 1993, but they continue to serve because Westfall never appointed
replacements.

Westfall said that Robert J. Schreiber Jr. of Fenton will become the
commission's new chairman. He is former director of the division of
environmental quality of the state Department of Natural Resources. The council
confirmed his appointment to the commission on Feb. 13.

Bernard J. Heilweck of an unincorporated area near Black Jack and Patricia M.
Yaeger of Lemay were appointed new members. Heilweck will take the seat held by
Lee Fox, who had been chairman. Fox's term expired in 1991.

The commission has two functions: to hear appeals on requests for landfill
permits and related matters, and to advise the county on solid-waste issues.

Fox stirred controversy last year when he asserted that the county had few
procedures for awarding grants from $ 1.7 million in tipping fees the county
collects each year from landfill operators in the county. The grant s are
designed to reduce the amount of solid waste and encourage people to recycle.


LOAD-DATE: March 3, 1997

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1997 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              471 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           December 8, 2011 Thursday

Funeral home to keep $100K grant;
Loritts-Neilson applied for money before tax issue was discovered.;
NEW DETAILS

BYLINE: By Kelli Wynn

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 405 words


The owner of Loritts-Neilson Funeral Home Inc. can keep the $100,000 West Dayton
Development Fund grant he was awarded before the city's Economic Development
officials discovered the funeral home's articles of incorporation had been
canceled in 2007 for delinquent taxes.

Timothy Downs, deputy director of the development office, said fund advisory
committee members told his office they had no plans to vote on the issue again.

Ernest Neilson III, president and owner, was awarded the grant in October, which
is funded through landfill fees paid to the city by Waste Management Inc. and
distributed by the development office. At the time he applied for the grant, he
owed an undisclosed amount of taxes to the state and more than $36,000 in
property taxes on the business, 3924 W. Third St., according to Montgomery
County records.

Neilson checked "no" when asked on his grant application if he had any
delinquent taxes to the state or a political subdivision of the state.

His application said he planned to use the grant toward a $450,000 renovation
and expansion of the funeral home.

Veronica Morris, senior development specialist for the city's economic
development office said she reviewed the application and was aware of Neilson's
tax issues. However, she also said the background reporting system the city uses
when reviewing a grant candidate's application did not reveal the cancellation
of the articles of incorporation.

City commissioners approved the grant on Oct. 12 after receiving a
recommendation by the fund's advisory committee.

The state Board of Embalmers and Funeral Directors considers the cancellation of
articles of incorporation as a change in ownership and requires funeral home
owners to obtain a new license.

However, funeral home owners must resolve their issues with the Secretary of
State, where the articles of incorporation are filed, before they can obtain a
new license with the state board. In order to get his articles of incorporation
reinstated, Neil-son would have to resolve his tax issues with the Ohio
Department of Taxation.

As of Wednesday, Neil-son's articles of incorporation were still canceled and he
had not provided documentation to the state Board that suggested he had resolved
his issues with the other state departments, according to Secretary of State
records and Jennifer Baugess, compliance administrative assistant.

Contact this reporter at (937) 225-2414 or Kelli.Wynn@coxinc.com

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              472 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                           January 23, 2016 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Regional district begins budget talks

BYLINE: Charelle Evelyn, The Citizen

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 455 words


The regional district's garbage bill will continue to be the largest expense on
its annual budget.

On Wednesday afternoon, Regional District of Fraser-Fort George directors gave
preliminary approval to the first portion of the 2016 budget, including
financial plans for solid waste management, 911 emergency services, heritage
conservation and volunteer fire department co-ordination.

The more than $34 million in spending approved Wednesday was mainly driven by
the solid waste budget, which calls for $19.3 million in spending. That's a
nearly 40 per cent increase over 2015's solid waste spending of $13.8 million,
due to a handful of capital projects still on the go.

The biggest of these is the relocation of the entrance to the Foothills
landfill, a $7.6 million, two-phase project to move the scale house facility and
public tipping area to the north end of the site.

The first phase of connecting the landfill's leachate collection system was
completed last year, but the actual relocation isn't slated to take place until
this year. However, funding for the project still remains an issue. The regional
district is only budgeting to pay for one third of each stage, with the rest
coming from grants.

An application made last year to the federal New Building Canada Fund for a
grant was unsuccessful. Petra Wildauer, general manager of environmental
services, said another grant application will be made again to the same fund
this year.

If the grant application is rejected a second time, other funding sources will
have to be explored, said chief administrator Jim Martin. This includes
long-term borrowing, which would have to go back before the board of directors
for discussion, he said.

Another $5 per tonne increase to tipping fees is also on the books (currently
$77 per tonne, as of Jan. 2). Tipping fees account for a quarter of the solid
waste revenue stream and are scheduled to rise in $5 increments every year until
they reach $90 per tonne by 2019.

Overall, spending is up $6.2 million for the first group of approved budgets,
with a $283,320 (2.3 per cent) increase in the tax levy.

When the next set of budgets, up for approval next month, are factored in, the
overall tax levy increase is only 1.62 per cent over 2015.

Also driving expenses this year - in addition to the Foothills project - are
increases to contracts for fire dispatchers and call takers associated with the
911 emergency

response service, more funds for cultural facilities and cultural marketing, and
a backup generator, surge protector, new boiler and renovations at the RDFFG's
George Street office.

Final 2016 budget approval, including the setting of tax rates for the four
municipal members and seven electoral areas, will be completed in March.

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              473 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          September 29, 1994, Thursday

Atlanta Alamanac Sept. 29, The 272nd Day of 1994 METRO NEWS DIGEST Thumbs down
on landfill plan

BYLINE: From staff reports

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Section C; Page 2

LENGTH: 311 words


The Atlanta City Council's Zoning Committee voted 4-0, with one abstention,
Wednesday to recommend against legislation that would expand the Chambers
Landfill in northwest Atlanta. The resolution now goes before the full council
Monday. Residents from northwest Atlanta's NPU-D oppose the special-use permit
application by Chambers Development Co. Although the city's Zoning Review Board
voted in favor of the resolution at a Sept. 1 meeting, Zoning Committee Chairman
Jared Samples said it was time to listen to the concerns of residents who
already live with three functioning landfills in their area.

RAIN FOREST RESEARCH FUNDED: The Southern Co. is funding a $ 300,000 grant to
the Smithsonian Institution for environmental research to study rain forests in
Latin America and Asia, officials announced Wednesday. The grant will help pay
for studies of the economic valuation of tropical forests, including analyses of
trees' ability to absorb carbon dioxide from the atmosphere. The research will
be conducted by the Smithsonian's Tropical Research Institute, located in the
Republic of Panama, and one of the world's premier centers for advanced tropical
studies.

FULTON TO VOTE ON TEEN CURFEW: Fulton County Commissioner Michael Hightower said
Wednesday he will move ahead with his proposed teen curfew because of support it
has received in south Fulton and indifference toward it in the north end of the
county. Hightower announced his decision after fewer than 10 people attended a
town hall meeting in Sandy Springs Wednesday. Most of the nearly 50 residents
who turned out at a similar meeting Tuesday in College Park supported a curfew.
The curfew tentatively would apply to teens under age 18 and call for them to be
off the streets by 11 p.m. on school nights and by midnight on Fridays and
Saturdays. A commission vote is slated for Oct. 19.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH942730147

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              474 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                    March 2, 1992, MONDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

OFFICIALS CONCERNED OVER USE OF INCOME FROM TRASH DISPOSAL OVER $170,000 A; YEAR
ESTIMATED OUTFLOW

BYLINE: Lisha Gayle Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: ST. CHARLES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1208 words


For years, a stream of trash has been flowing out of St. Charles County and into
landfills in St. Louis County. For the past 17 months, the trash flow has been
accompanied by a stream of revenue - money that local officials could use for
projects such as recycling.  The number of outflowing dollars is unclear, state
officials say. But one estimate based on the volume of trash puts the amount at
more than $170, 000 a year.  The outflowing dollars could become important in
the future, when the state distributes money for local projects to reduce the
flow of trash to landfill.  State officials have not yet written rules for
awarding money to local districts. But local officials say the money could go
toward: Programs to teach children the habit of recycling.  Grants to help sell
products made out of recycled material.  Advice from professional solid-waste
planners.  St. Charles County's outflowing trash has come to mean outflowing
dollars, because of new forces on the economics of trash flow.  Under the old
system, when St. Charles County's trash haulers needed a place to unload, most
of them looked to St. Louis County to provide exactly what they wanted -
adequate landfill space within a short distance. For years, that eastward flow
was been the cheapest and easiest path for most trash to take.  But today, fees,
boundary lines and surcharges have unleashed new forces on the economics of
trash flow.  The fees and boundary lines come from a solid-waste law enacted two
years ago. The law set a statewide goal: reduce the amount of waste going to
landfills by 40 percent by 1998.  The law's fees and bou ndary lines work
together, allowing the state to collect a pool of money from landfill operators
and send some of the money back to be used by local government officials.
Here's how it works: The state collects tipping fees from operators of landfills
and waste transfer stations. The fees range from $1 to $1.50 for each ton of
trash.  The more trash, the more money collected.  When the time comes to
distribute the money, state officials will pay attention to the boundary lines.
The lines cluster neighboring counties together in ''solid waste management
districts.'' St. Charles County is in the East Central Solid Waste Management,
along with Franklin, Lincoln, Warren and Montgomery counties.  Meanwhile, St.
Louis County joined last month in a district with Jefferson County and St.
Louis.  The upshot is that a boundary line has come to separate St. Charles
County from St. Louis County.  For waste management districts, ''The more
landfills you have, the more money you'll get,'' said Kathy Weinsaft, a top
waste planner for the state's Department of Natural Resources.  For St. Louis
County, which has five large landfills, the amount collected in state tipping
fees was about $3.5 million last year.  For St. Charles County, which has no
landfills, the amount collected was zero.  The solid waste law can work against
St. Charles County, because the tipping fees are a factor in the amount
residents pay on their trash bills, authorities say.  Said Weinsaft: ''Money
that St. Charles County is paying is going to be utilized by the district that
St. Louis County is in.'' But St. Charles County deliberately fought to be in a
district separate from St. Louis County, even after state planners proposed two
years ago to keep the two counties together.  Instead, St. Charles County
officials said they they preferred joining with four exurban and rural counties.
These counties' contribution to the relationship could include space for a
landfill, while St. Charles County's contribution could be a waste stream with a
volume great enough to support a processing plant, officials said.  St. Charles
County officials argued that they had more in common with the rural counties and
had a strong working relationship with the rural officials.  And importantly,
St. Charles County officials feared losing political clout if combined with St.
Louis and St. Louis County.  In St. Louis County, that decision seemed illogical
to Lee Brotherton, special assistant to County Executive George ''Buzz''
Westfall. Brotherton contends that St. Charles County and St. Louis County
belong together in a district because they are linked by a natural flow of
waste.  For St. Charles County to be sending most of its trash to a different
region is ''not an ideal situation,'' acknowledged St. Charles Associate County
Commissioner Paul Schnare of the Eastern District.  But he and Associate
Commissioner William Luetkenhaus, of the Western District, said that the
boundary lines would become more advantageous as changes evolved in the handling
of solid waste.  Among the changes are the possibilities that St. Charles County
would be the site for: A new landfill.  A trash-sorting plant, where workers
would pull out materials to recycle and compost, then send the remaining trash
to a landfill.  Both the landfill and the trash-sorting plant, if opened, would
stem St.  Charles County's export of trash - and thus stem its export of tipping
fee revenue.  ''If you've reduced your waste stream by 60 percent,'' Luetkenhaus
said, ''then you've reduced your trips to the landfill by 60 percent.'' Plans
are on the drawing board for both a landfill and a trash-sorting plant. St.
Peters officials have proposed the trash-sorting plant in their municipality,
and the county commissioners are considering whether to join in the effort.  St.
Peters officials also have proposed the landfill, which would go in a
quarried-out pit about a mile south of the Blanchette Memorial Bridge. But
before the landfill may open, St. Peters must get a permit from the state.
State officials are in the midst of a months-long effort to decide whether to
grant that permit.  As officials in the East Central Solid Waste Management
District work on trash handling, they will have to consider another factor:
dumping in St.  Louis County landfills got more expensive this month.  Beginning
on Feb. 3, trash haulers were required to pay a surcharge on every load dumped
at landfills in St. Louis County. The surcharge is 5 percent of the fee charged
by the landfill operator. The surcharge is intended to generate about $1 million
a year, Brotherton said.  That means yet another pool of money is being formed
and will get bigger, thanks to trash from St. Charles County.  This second pool
of money will be exclusively for the benefit of St. Louis County residents. The
pool was designed to fund efforts to recycle and efforts to reduce the waste
going to landfills.  The surcharge in St. Louis County and the tipping fees
charged by the state are the herald s of changing times for trash flow from St.
Charles County.  Officials are reluctant to speculate on how the new forces will
play out - and how much they will boost the state's goal of reducing the waste
to landfills.  When it comes to predicting long-term consequences, Oney said,
''Nobody really knows.'' KEYWORDS: montgomery city washington municipal proposed
near northside st clair ids lonedell cs c s st peters bridgeton laidlaw maryland
heights bfi west county new halls ferry alton roxana missouri illinois barton
chain of rocks wmi fairmount city milam wmi near belleville

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Map Graphic; MAP-CHART-TABLE By St. Charles Post...Sanitary Landfills

                  Copyright 1992 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              475 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                          Sunday Observer (Sri Lanka)

                             August 30, 2009 Sunday

Enhanced Japanese aid for North

LENGTH: 739  words

DATELINE: Sri Lanka


Sri Lanka, Aug. 30 -- The Government of Japan is supporting the rehabilitation
and reconstruction efforts in the Northern Province through a number of projects
implemented through Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA).

The 4-year technical cooperation project for capacity enhancement of the
National Solid Waste Management Support Center (NSWMSC) provides training,
technology transfer and essential equipment for the NSWMSC. NSWMSC was
established in 2006 under the Ministry of Local Government and Provincial
Councils (MLGPC) to provide expert advice and support to the local authorities
in solid waste management, a JICA spokesman said.

On a request from the Northern Provincial Council at the end of the armed
conflict, a team from MLGPC, NSWMSC and JICA was dispatched to the IDP center at
Menik Farm to survey and propose immediate measures required to improve
sanitation issues and address waste disposal.

The team prepared an action plan which included measures to improve waste
collection and transportation, waste disposal outside the IDP center and overall
waste management. Some of the measures proposed were implemented by relevant
governmental organizations as well as international donors/NGOs.These included
increase of waste collection frequency, regular clearing of drains, utilizing
additional waste disposal sites, increase of toilet facilities and provision of
gully bowsers. The Ministry of Local Government and Provincial Councils has also
established a site management office to monitor and manage the activities.

In view of the importance of maintaining proper sanitation conditions at the IDP
centers, the Government of Japan has decided to allocate Rs. 117 million to
assist in urgently implementing the crucial measures in the action plan.

These funds generated through the 2KR Counterpart Funds which were provided by
the Government of Japan under its Grant Assistance will be utilized by NSWMC to
supply required equipment for transportation and disposal of solid waste and
sewage, and also for transportation of water. The equipment will include 26
tractors, four tipper trucks, two loaders, one backhoe loader and two pickup
trucks. In addition the funds will also be used for improvement of roadside
drains in the IDP center.The Government of Japan and JICA' s support to the
Government of Sri Lanka is provided mainly through a combination of three aid
instruments viz. - Technical Cooperation, Concessionary Loans (Japanese ODA
loans) and Grant Aid.

Through an ODA loan program, JICA is currently assisting the rehabilitation of
irrigation facilities in Mannar and Vavuniya Districts where returned IDPs would
soon recommence agricultural activities. Another Japanese ODA loan supports a
micro-finance project to provide 2,100 million Japanese Yen (Rs.2520 million)
credit facilities for income generation activities in agriculture, fisheries,
small business etc. The microfinance credit will be provided to 14 districts in
the country, and more than 50% of total credit will be allocated to Northern and
Eastern regions in line with JICA's commitment to ensure inclusive development
by reducing regional disparities.

Under technical cooperation, apart from the support to the NSWMSC, JICA also
plans to commence a training programme to provide training opportunities to
improve the capacity of frontline officers in the North and East, who will bear
substantial responsibilities in the reconstruction and rehabilitation of the
region.The grant-aid projects in the Northern region funded by the Government of
Japan include Mannar bridge and causeway connecting Mannar island to the
mainland which is expected to be completed by March 2010 and significantly
improve access and exchange between the two locations.

Agricultural equipment such as tractors will be provided to meet the immediate
needs of agricultural development through grant-aid. The Government of Japan has
also provided 1,870 million Japanese Yen (Rs. 2,250 million) since 2009 to
support IDP rehabilitation and de-mining activities in the North.

Through these projects the Government of Japan and JICA aims to support the
people in Northern region towards achieving the objectives of human security and
stabilization of peace, the JICA spokesman added. Published by HT Syndication
with permission from Sunday Observer (Sri Lanka). For more information on news
feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


            Copyright 2009 The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              476 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            January 8, 2015 Thursday

Khorog Solid Waste Sub-Project in Tajikistan

LENGTH: 549  words


Business sector:Municipal and environmental infrastructure
Notice type:Public
Environmental category:IESE
Status:Passed concept review, Pending final review
PSD disclosed: 01 Sep 2014
Project Description : The EBRD is considering supporting the Khorog Soild Waste
Sub-Project. The EBRD would provide a loan of up to USD 2 million to a Special
Purpose Vehicle (the Company) to be created for this project and wholly owned by
the City. The Republic of Tajikistan would provide a sovereign guarantee.


The EBRD will also seek an investment grant from Swiss SECO of USD 2 million to
facilitate implementation of the sub-project which will address urgently needed
solid waste infrastructure rehabilitation needs.
The overall objectives of this sub-project are to: (a) rehabilitate the solid
waste improvements; and (b) improve financial and operational management.
Transition Impact : Transition Impact of the sub-project would be:
Improved standards of transparency and governance via the introduction of a
Public Service Contract
Development of a revised tariff methodology and associated tariff increases and
increased collection rates;
Capacity building of the solid waste company through the preparation of a
business plan, FOPIP, IFRS, MIS, accounts separation between landfill and waste
collection;
Introduction of a formal consultation process with solid waste services users in
form of a community based stakeholder participation programme.
Moreover, the environmental standards of the project will be substantially
higher than local standards/practices. The project may also achieve inclusion
impact by providing solid waste services to households currently not covered and
improving health and living standards via controlled waste collection and
landfill operations.
The Client : Special Purpose Vehicle (the Company) created for this project and
wholly owned by the City.
EBRD Finance : A loan of up to USD 2.0 million to the Company under the
sovereign guarantee.
Project Cost : The total sub-project cost is USD 5.4 million including technical
cooperation. The sub-project will be co-financed by an investment grant from
Swiss SECO.
Environmental Impact : Categorised IESE. The project is expected to bring
substantial environmental, health and safety benefits to the City of Khorog and
the surrounding communities through the rehabilitation of waste collection,
transportation, and disposal services; increased operational efficiency, and
environmental and hygiene standards. Insufficient information is available at
this stage to categorise the project, therefore Initial Environmental and Social
Examination (IESE) is required to determine the appropriate category and scope
of E&S due diligence. The IESE will be carried out once the Feasibility Study
has confirmed the exact scope of the project, specifically whether to
rehabilitate the existing landfill or develop a new site. In case a new landfill
site will be developed, Environmental and Social (E

Project completion date : 2016-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : EUROPEAN BANK FOR RECONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT (EBRD)

Address : One Exchange Square
London EC2A 2JN
United Kingdom


Website : http://www.ebrd.com /

Country :United Kingdom
Financier : European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD),

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2015 Tenders Info
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              477 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            October 6, 2009 Tuesday

Pleasant Hill offering 'green' grants

BYLINE: By Lisa P. White Contra Costa Times

SECTION: MY TOWN; Central Contra Costa; Environment; Contra Costa; News; Local;
Business

LENGTH: 436 words


PLEASANT HILL   Pleasant Hill is offering greenbacks for going green.

The Pleasant Hill Civic Action Commission will give out $15,000 in grants to
nonprofit groups to establish projects that promote recycling and composting in
the city.

To qualify for the awards, which range from $500 to $2,500, applicants must
address one of the following   waste reduction, reuse, recycling or composting
at home, school or the workplace.

The grants are intended to encourage creative approaches to reducing waste, said
Martin Nelis, solid waste recycling coordinator and spokesman for Pleasant Hill.

The money for the grants comes from the solid waste and recycling fund. The city
will accept grant applications until June 30. The Civic Action Commission will
review the applications and refer approved projects to the City Council, which
must authorize the funding.

Also, the city is working with the Mt. Diablo Unified School District to gather
data on existing "green" projects in the schools   such as organic gardens,
composting and classroom recycling   to identify areas where the schools could
be doing more to reduce waste.

"We really are relying on the good efforts of the parents to step up and get
involved," said Nelis, adding that several parents have contacted the city
already about applying for funding.

In the past couple of years, Pleasant Hill has adopted several initiatives to
encourage residents to recycle more. Under pressure from the state to divert
more waste from the landfill, last year the City Council raised the monthly
garbage collection rates by as much as $18 and moved to weekly recycling pick
up.

Residents responded by moving to smaller trash cans; and in 2008, the city's
waste disposal rate dropped from 5 pounds per person per day to 4.4 pounds,
according to Nelis.

The city also has conducted composting workshops and offered residents discounts
on compost bins.

Later this month a special section known as the "Green Zone" will open in the
Pleasant Hill Library. The section will house books, periodicals, videos and
other reference materials covering a wide range of topics, including
conservation, green building, hazardous waste disposal and pest management.

The Green Zone is part of a comprehensive waste reduction program the city is
sponsoring through the library. In addition to the library collection, the
program also will offer workshops and presentations on reducing waste and
increasing recycling for the community and in the schools.

To download the recycling grant application, visit the Pleasant Hill Web site at
http://www.ci.pleasant-hill.ca.us/.

Reach Lisa P. White at 925-943-8011.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              478 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            October 03, 1999, Sunday

County to dispose of used tires on Oct. 13

SECTION: CITRUS TIMES; BRIEFLY; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 89 words

DATELINE: LECANTO



The Citrus County Division of Solid Waste Management offers residents free
disposal of used tires on designated days. This program has continued for 10
years with help from a Florida Department of Environmental Protection grant.
Used tires are recycled and used as a fuel supplement in an electrical power
generating plant.

Up to five passenger car and small truck tires will be accepted for free
disposal on  Oct. 13, Nov. 10 and Dec. 6 to 11. For information, call the
Division of Solid Waste Management at 746-5000.


LOAD-DATE: October 4, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITRUS TIMES

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                              479 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                            Aberdeen Evening Express

                                 April 25, 2001

Firm has grant licked

BYLINE: By Kfairweather

SECTION: News:Environment:Conservation, Pg.20

LENGTH: 133 words


A GREEN North-east company has been given an environmental grant for a simple
but effective way of recycling.

North East Biodiversity Partnership applied for GBP 216 from Aberdeen Forward,
to fund the printing and distribution of address labels.

The labels stick over the address on old envelopes, to allow them to be re-used
again.

Aberdeen Forward recently launched its Community Grants scheme to fund waste
management projects up to GBP 500.

They will consider giving grants to projects such as community recycling,
composting and clean-up schemes.

Aberdeen Forward manager Lynn Warren said: "Hopefully, other groups will now
come forward with their ideas and together we can develop better waste
management practices for the city."

For further information, call (01224) 332372.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 2001 Aberdeen Evening Express


                              480 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                              LNP (Lancaster, PA)

                              July 10, 2016 Sunday

Earthquake Is Cited As A Risk In Landfill Expansion;
Authority Disputes That, Says Its Plan To Go Upward Will Save Farmland, Keep
Fees Lower

BYLINE: Ad Crable

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1076  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


ACRABLE@LNPNEWS.COM

The stakes have been raised for the plan to extend the life of Lancaster
County's landfill by piling waste upward on the landmark Turkey Point.

Consultants - hired by eight Lancaster and York county opponents, including
noted New York artist Jeffrey Koons - claim there is a "frightening" possibility
of a moderate earthquake sending a vertically expanded landfill sliding into the
Susquehanna River.

"It's probably the worst place in Lancaster County to go high," says Dwight
Yoder, a Lititz attorney representing opponents.

That's untrue, the Lancaster County Solid Waste Management Authority's
consultants told the state Department of Environmental Protection, which will
rule on whether to grant a permit for the landfill expansion by next spring.

The authority is seeking permission to vertically expand the Frey Farm Landfill
in Manor Township by 50 feet so its use can be extended another 20 years.

Inability to expand here, the authority warns, could force it to take its
business elsewhere, potentially hurting the county's economy and resulting in
higher trash-hauling bills for residents.

"If we don't get this expansion, the Lancaster County Solid Waste Management
Authority is out of the landfill business," said James Warner, the authority's
CEO. "This will negatively affect everybody to some degree."

The landfill is a linchpin in Lancaster County's lauded integrated approach to
waste disposal, Warner said. The Frey Farm Landfill is the only landfill in
Pennsylvania never to have had a violation, and its expansion likely would save
a new landfill from being placed on farmland elsewhere in the county, he said.

The current landfill will be full in 2019. If the authority does not have
permission to expand by then, the county's waste and incinerator ash will have
to be taken elsewhere, Warner said. The additional cost to do that would be
passed on to residents in their trash disposal fees, he said.

The authority says it has signed agreements supporting vertical expansion from
those who should be deciding the matter: Manor Township supervisors and the
citizens group People Against Landfill Expansion.

Impact on tourism

In addition to earthquake, geologic stability and shallow groundwater concerns,
opponents say piling more trash on top of trash will result in a visible scar on
the river landscape - after expansion, the landfill will be 832 feet above the
sea level.

That could hamper considerable state and local efforts to preserve the lower
Susquehanna River and turn it into a profitable recreation and history-based
tourist destination, opponents argue.

Lower Susquehanna Riverkeeper Michael Helfrich is among the opponents. And the
state Department of Conservation and Natural Resources has asked the state to
"carefully consider the viewshed impacts."

Other opponents of the landfill expansion are Penn and Mary Glazier, who live
near the landfill; Elizabeth and Steve Winand, who own Shanks Mare Outfitters
near Wrightsville; and Thomas and Gina Ortenzio, owners of a house along the
river near Wrightsville.

In response to concerns over the visibility of a higher landfill on a riverside
hilltop, the waste authority now has plans to plant grasses on top of the
landfill when closed, shaping the vegetation to resemble contoured farm fields
in a landscape similar to what the area looked like in 1971.

The authority is addressing the concerns at the request of the state Department
of Environmental Protection.

As part of the department's environmental assessment of the landfill expansion
proposal and consideration of opponent concerns, it required the authority to
hire new consultants for a second opinion on an earthquake threat and landfill
design.

Addressing concerns

In its response filed with the DEP, authority consultants ARM Group concluded
that many of the earthquake concerns raised by opponents were based on faulty
methodology.

Authority consultants assured the department that the landfill design could
withstand a magnitude 6 earthquake, which they contend is 125 times stronger
than the largest earthquake ever recorded here.

The consultants also say removal of base rock by the low grade railroad in the
early 1900s would not compromise the stability of the underlying ground rock, as
claimed by opponents.

Opponents also contend the authority is violating an agreement made with Manor
Township in 1986 not to expand the landfill further in exchange for permission
to build the current Frey Farm Landfill.

"Manor Township has sustained its fair share of disposable waste," contends
attorney Yoder. "It's time to close this facility like they promised they
would."

Not true, the authority says. The 1986 agreement does not limit expansion per
se. It limits expansion to the existing landfill boundary, according to Kathryn
Sandoe, an authority spokeswoman.

Others are unhappy that the authority is requesting that Manor supervisors
rezone the landfill property to enable the vertical expansion as a matter of
right, rather than going through a zoning hearing board process at which
conditions could be placed on future uses to protect landfill neighbors.

The rezoning also would define landfill as only actual waste disposal. That
would allow some uses needed for the vertical expansion, such as leachate
treatment and a truck wash, to be located outside the current landfill boundary,
opponents complain.

Zoning officials at the township and county levels will be considering the
rezoning proposals Monday.

Manor Township Supervisor Jay Brenneman said Friday he has heard concerns about
the proposed landfill expansion "by a few people." He added that supervisors are
waiting for feedback from the two planning organizations.

Influence of wealthy artist

Koons, a modern sculptor best known for his Balloon Dogs sculptures, owns his
grandfather's farm in York County, across the river from the landfill.

The artist, who lists his Farmland Preservation LP business address on Chestnut
Grove Road, adjacent to the landfill, has filed several appeals against the
landfill expansion.

Warner says the opposition to the landfill expansion is being financed by Koons.
Previously, Yoder refused to say whether that was true. Efforts to contact Yoder
and Koons' attorney in New York for comment were unsuccessful Friday.

Warner says Koons, a New York City resident, could not "care less about the
needs of this county. He's trying to take the decision away from where it lies,
and that is with the residents of Manor Township."

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Dwight Yoder A Kayaker Paddles On The Susquehanna River's Lake Clarke
Past The Current Frey Farm Landfill And Wind Turbines.
Lancaster County Solid Waste Management Authority This Is What The Lancaster
County Solid Waste Management Authority Says The Vertical Expansion Of The Frey
Farm Landfill Would Look Like From Long Level Once It Is Closed After 20 Years.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 LNP Media Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              481 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Gazette (Sterling, Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 17, 2010 Saturday

Earth Day anniversary events planned near

BYLINE: Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 293 words


Apr. 17--OREGON -- Ogle County Solid Waste Management Department will promote
the 40th anniversary of Earth Day with several activities

n The department will bring musician and storyteller, Steve Schuch to county
grade schools and middle schools. Schuch has entertained across the U.S. and
Europe.

n The department will donate books, DVDs, and educational supplies about
recycling, global warming, and other environmental issues to schools and public
libraries. In addition, educational materials such as activity books, bookmarks,
rulers made of recycled material, Earth Day awareness bracelets, stickers, and
pencils made from recycled paper will be delivered to schools to help with their
environmental curriculum.

n The Ogle County Solid Waste Management Department has a library with books and
DVDs on recycling, climate change, and "going green." These books may be checked
out at no charge to residents.

n Backyard vermi-composting (worm) bins, composters and "Green Bags," the
reusable tote bags, are available for purchase at the Ogle County Solid Waste
Management Department office, 909 W. Pines Road, Oregon.

n Waste Reduction/Recycling Grants up to $2,000 are available to schools and
businesses. Visit www.oglecountysolidwaste.org to download grant applications.

For more information about the event, call Joy Bliton at 815-732-4020.

To see more of The Daily Gazette or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.saukvalley.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Daily Gazette, Sterling, Ill.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100417-YG-Earth-Day-anniversary-events-planned-near-0417

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YG


                          Copyright 2010 Daily Gazette


                              482 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            March 5, 2014 Wednesday

Creating a Sustainable Coastal Zone Ecosystem Through Community Based Coastal
Zone Management

LENGTH: 572  words


Project Number: BHA/SGP/OP5/CORE/CC/2013/23
Country: Bahamas
Area Of Work: Climate Change Mitigation
Operational Phase: Phase 5
Grant Amount: US$ 34,500.00
Co-Financing Cash: US$ 15,000.00
Start Date: 11/2013
End Date: 8/2014
Status: Currently under execution
Project Description: The proposed project will build on work of the BNCAC over
the past 11 years and will focus on the threats of pollution, invasive species
and habitat destruction. The primary focal area of the project will be Land
Degradation and Sustainable Forest Management. The project focuses on restoring
coastal land areas that have been degraded by solid waste pollution and
colonization by invasive alien species (IAS). The Harbour Island and the Orange
Hill communities will be involved in the project so that they can learn the
skills for sustainable land and mangrove forest management practices.


The secondary focal areas of the project will be as follows:
Biodiversity Conservation    Coastal areas, including beaches, mangrove forests,
rocky shoreline and tidal pools and flats, represent significant ecosystems for
Bahamian biodiversity. Significant animal species for The Bahamas that utilize
these ecosystems include Queen conch (a CITES-listed species), Nassau grouper,
snappers, numerous fish and bird species. The project seeks to conserve coastal
areas and thus the ecosystems and species that are an integral part of them.
International Waters    Through the recycling component of the project,
land-based pollution will be avoided by the Harbour Island community.
Chemicals (POPs)    The project  s recycling initiative will seek to prevent the
burning of solid waste on Harbour Island which has been challenged with managing
its solid waste.
Capacity Development    The Harbour Island community will be introduced to new
technologies for recycling of waste and trained in recycling methods, and
coastal restoration and management.
Project objectives include:
Developing a pilot recycling initiative in Harbour Island, Eleuthera;
Building the capacity of persons in the Harbour Island community to practice
waste reduction and recycling;
Increasing public awareness of recycling as a means of waste reduction on the
island of Eleuthera;
Implementing a coastal restoration project in Harbour Island;
Promoting native plant biodiversity conservation by reducing the quantity of
invasive alien species (IAS) in coastal areas and by planting of native coastal
species in the same areas of IAS removal on New Providence; and

Building the capacity of Local Government officials in Harbour Island to
effectively communicate ideas related to sustainable land management,
biodiversity conservation, marine pollution and hazards of burning solid waste.

Grantee: Coastal Awareness Committee
Project completion date : 2014-08-31 12:00:00
Major organization : SGP THE GEF SMALL GRANTS PROGRAMME

Address : East Bay Street
Nassau, New Providence,
P.O. Box N4308
Attn:  Mr. Deon Stewart

Country :Bahamas
Financier : Global Environment Facility (GEF),
United Nations Development Programme (UNDP),

Financier address : United Nations Development Programme
One United Nations Plaza
New York, NY 10017
Tel: +1 (212) 906-5000
Call: +1 (212) 963-1234

Contacts : GEF Secretariat
1818 H Street, NW, Mail Stop P4-400
Washington, DC 20433 USA
Tel: (202) 473-0508
Fax: (202) 522-3240/3245
Email: secretariat@thegef.org
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2014 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              483 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            December 31, 2006 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

LOCAL NEWS BRIEFS

SECTION: LOCAL; Local News Briefs; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 446 words


Counties will use grants for trail-related projects

Cattaraugus, Chautauqua and Erie counties will benefit from a share of $2.3
million in grants for trail-related projects around the state, Gov. George E.
Pataki's office announced Friday.

The projects are part of the federal Recreational Trails Program, which includes
20,000 miles of trails in New York.

In Cattaraugus County, the Portville Snowmobile Club will receive $79,266 to buy
grooming equipment to maintain 37 miles of snowmobile trails connecting Allegany
State Park and the Allegany National Forest.

Chautauqua Rails to Trails will receive $37,600 for similar equipment for trails
it and the Chautauqua Lake Snowmobile Club maintains. In Erie County, the Town
of Orchard Park will receive $100,000 to construct and rehabilitate 6,775 linear
feet of pathway -- including 400 linear feet of wooden boardwalk -- in Chestnut
Ridge Village Park.

***

Peace Bridge officers walk off job for 3 hours

FORT ERIE. Ont. -- Canadian border officers at the Peace Bridge walked off the
job for three hours Saturday, based on what they perceived as a danger involving
a problem with the agency's computers.

Jean D'Amelio Swyer, spokesman for Canadian Border Services, said the action
began about 11:30 a.m. She said she didn't know what the concern was, just that
it involved the computer systems. She said the walkout ended at 2:30 p.m.

Swyer said the problem was investigated and, "The official determination was
there was no danger and the officers returned to duty."

The bridge remained open during the three hours, with managers taking over the
duties.

***

DEC grant will fund hazardous waste pickup

The state Department of Environmental Conservation announced four grants to
Western New York municipalities or solid waste authorities Friday to fund
household hazardous waste collection days.

Erie County received $70,000, and the Northeast Southtowns Solid Waste
Management Board, which covers many suburban and rural towns and villages in
Erie County, was allocated $57,500. In Niagara County, a $15,000 grant was
awarded to the Town of Wheatfield. The GLOW solid waste consortium of Genesee,
Livingston, Orleans and Wyoming counties was allocated $45,000.

***

New Year's Day closings

This is how the following area offices and services will be affected Monday by
the New Year's Day holiday.

City Court .... Closed County courts .... Closed

State courts .... Closed

Federal courts .... Closed

City offices .... Closed

County offices .... Closed

State offices .... Closed

Federal offices .... Closed

Post Office .... Closed

Schools .... Closed

Banks .... Closed

Most stores .... Closed

Metro Bus, Rail .... Sunday service

City garbage .... Delayed one day

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              484 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                               The Register Guard

               Distributed by Knight/Ridder Tribune News Service

                             March 27, 2006 Monday

Grants a boon for local recycling projects

BYLINE: Matt Cooper, The Register-Guard, Eugene, Ore.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 508 words


Mar. 27--Local recipients of $84,000 in state recycling grants will use the
money for projects including curbside service in Creswell and a machine that
flattens 5-gallon paint cans to reclaim their valuable -- and hazardous --
contents.

The state Department of Environmental Quality recently awarded the grants to
Creswell, Lane County's waste management division, BRING Recycling and the St.
Vincent de Paul Society of Lane County. The grant program, funded through fees
on solid waste disposal, has awarded 246 grants totaling $4.9 million since
1991.

BRING Recycling of Glenwood, which received $24,000, will use the money to
design and build shelves and shopping carts from used materials.

Customers will be able to see and use the products while at the Planet
Improvement Center, a BRING retailer for used building materials opening later
this year at 4446 Franklin Blvd., Director Julie Daniel said.

"When it comes to conservation and reuse, a picture is worth a thousand words,
and an example is worth a thousand pictures," Daniel said. "It helps people to
see the possibilities there are in creative reuse."

St. Vincent de Paul, which received $17,400, will buy a "mattress shearer" that
separates wood from metal on box springs, preparing these materials for the
recycling market.

The nonprofit organization has two facilities that process more than 550
mattresses a day, said Terry McDonald, executive director.

After the shearer arrives next month, "it will make it cost-effective to
separate the materials so they can be returned for their highest and best use,"
he said.

Creswell, which received $15,660, will buy 1,430 14-gallon recycling bins and
begin the free curbside service in June through P&J Disposal, City Administrator
Mark Shrives said. Bins can hold glass, plastic, paper and aluminum, mixed
together.

Shrives encouraged residents to recycle but noted that bins should stay with the
house if the occupants move. "There are a lot of people that want to recycle,"
he said. "There is a lot of interest in it."

The county's waste management division will receive $27,000 to buy a paint-can
crusher for the Household Hazardous Waste Collection Facility at the Glenwood
Central Receiving Station.

Currently, two workers need three hours to clean 50 paint cans and separate the
paint and paint-related materials for conversion to an alternative fuel, said
Chad Ficek, a special-waste analyst with the division.

With the machine, workers can do the same job in an hour or less, and recapture
virtually all of the paint products. "It makes us more efficient, so we're able
to utilize more of our time to provide more services to county residents," Ficek
said.

To see more of The Register-Guard, Eugene, Ore., or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.registerguard.com. Copyright (c) 2006, The
Register-Guard, Eugene, Ore. Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.
For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060327-EU-RECYCLING-PROJECTS-20060327

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EU


                       Copyright 2006 The Register Guard


                              485 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                      Carlsbad Current-Argus (New Mexico)

                           September 10, 2010 Friday

An introduction to CRAB

BYLINE: By Kathy Elmore Carlsbad Recycling Advisory Board

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 788 words


On behalf of the new Carlsbad Recycling Advisory Board, fondly known as CRAB, I
would like to introduce ourselves and let you know about our goals and what
we'll be doing with regard to recycling in the City of Carlsbad.

CRAB was formed on Dec. 8, 2009 through Ordinance No. 2009-19 with the following
specified duties: ". . . the Board shall make recommendations to the city
council regarding the creation, development, operation, funding and augmentation
of city-wide recycling programs to extend the life of the municipal landfill by
increasing the amount of solid waste diverted from that landfill." CRAB evolved
from the city's Pilot Curbside Recycling Program Committee, which was formed in
January 2008 following the award of a $20,000 grant from the State of New Mexico
to develop a curbside recycling program for the City of Carlsbad.

Following the committee's recommendation and using the grant funds, the city
purchased 500 blue 90-gallon plastic rollouts, 350 of which were deployed at
private residences in neighborhoods across the city. The neighborhoods selected
by the committee to participate in the pilot program were chosen based on
resident interest and strategically located "clusters" of homes.

The city's existing solid waste equipment was used to pick up and deliver the
recyclables to Rainbow Recycling. The program has been an outstanding success,
with an increase of 213 percent in total recycling materials received from 2007
to 2009. The city recently deployed additional rollouts as we move toward
expanding the program citywide. As further evidence of the program's success, a
special highlight this year was the Non-Profit & City Joint Recycling Program of
the Year Award, which was presented to Rainbow Recycling and the City of
Carlsbad during the annual New Mexico Recycling Coalition Conference in
Albuquerque in June.

CRAB has seven members, including private citizens and representatives from a
variety of organizations. Dave Gillan and Jerry Stanley are retirees - both are
involved in many city groups and activities; Kristine Nelson is the waste
coordinator for WIPP; Jim Grantner is a retired solid waste management
supervisor, past city councilman, and current mayoral liaison; Kathryn Law is
the Education Ranger at Living Desert Zoo and Gardens State Park. We currently
have one board vacancy.

I have the honor of chairing CRAB, and I serve as the superintendent's executive
assistant at Carlsbad Caverns, as well as chair of the park's recycling
committee. Serving as advisors to CRAB are city solid waste department employees
Luis Camero, Ruben Ramirez, Tom Carlson and Sylvia Schneider. Mary Garwood,
director of Rainbow Recycling, keeps the board informed on Rainbow's operation,
and City Councilman Nick Salcido serves as our ex-officio board member.

CRAB has met monthly since January, and we are learning many things and
developing our goals and "dream list". We have plans to increase awareness,
address the concerns of the public, expand education outreach and grow the
recycling program in Carlsbad.

We have begun the process of strategic planning and CRAB is pursuing funding for
a feasibility study to establish a new (and much larger) recycling center for
the city. In April, the board spent a morning at Rainbow, assisting them with
hand-sorting of recyclables, which is the way they currently process their
materials.

On August 6, the board traveled to Ruidoso Downs to tour the new Greentree Solid
Waste Authority transfer station and recycling center. We came away "green" with
envy of not only their operation but the far-reaching nature of their future
plans. CRAB also plans visits to the local landfill and the Waste Management,
Inc. recycling center in Hobbs.

For the first time this year, there was a recycling presence at Relay for Life
and the city will sponsor a second household hazardous waste event on October 2.
On November 13, the Living Desert will host their second annual America Recycles
Day event.

In the spirit of the three R's (reduce, reuse, recycle) we are also taking
advantage of the internet and social networking. Please check out the City of
Carlsbad website at http://www.cityofcarlsbadnm.com/Waste_Recycling.cfmk, and
you can also look us up at Carlsbad Recycles on Facebook and cbadrecycles on
Twitter.

CRAB meets on the third Friday of every month, at 10 a.m. in the conference room
at the Public Works Building, 1702 W. Fox. Our meetings are open to the public
and we would love to have you. Wouldn't it be exciting to get so many people
attending that we'd have to move to a bigger meeting place? Please come help us
grow recycling in Carlsbad. It's the right thing to do.

Kathy Elmore is the chairwoman of the Carlsbad Recycling Advisory Board.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2010 Carlsbad Current-Argus, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              486 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                            August 27, 2015 Thursday

Civic bodies will use 50% of finance panel funds to ensure Swachh Bharat

BYLINE: Dhaval Kulkarni

LENGTH: 457  words


While open defecation and poor solid waste management are the Achilles heel of
smaller cities in Maharashtra, the state government has made it mandatory for
the civic bodies  there to set aside at least 50% of funds received from the
14th Finance Commission for plugging these gaps.

Elimination of open defecation and eradicating manual scavenging are among the
objectives of prime minister Narendra Modi's ambitious Swachh Bharat mission.

Though Maharashtra shifts to an urban ecosystem, registering an urbanisation of
45.23% in the 2011 census-the third highest in India-poor solid waste management
, lack of sanitation and sewerage facilities and environmental degradation
remain some weak links in this unplanned shift.

A report of the Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) on local bodies
for the year ended March 31, 2014, submitted to the state legislature during the
recent monsoon session, pointed to serious lacunae in the delivery of three
basic civic services--water supply, solid waste management and sewage management
--by 36 municipal councils. It also pointed to how biomedical waste (BMW) was
not being disposed off in a scientific manner.

The first tranche of the finance commission's funds worth Rs 595.62 crore have
been allocated to these urban local bodies and officials said this would be
distributed to individual institutions based on their population and area.
Maharashtra has 26 municipal corporations, of which 18 belong to the D class,
226 municipal councils and 13 Nagar Panchayats in addition to seven cantonment
boards.

"All D class municipal corporations, municipal councils and Nagar Panchayats
will have to set aside at least 50% of the funds received from the finance
commission for the Swachh Bharat Abhiyaan," said a senior official from the
state urban development department. He added that the money will have to be used
for ending open defecation, collection, transport and processing of solid waste
and urban forestation. The funds will only be allocated to these smaller cities
and towns.

"This is the first instalment. This will also apply to the other instalments of
the urban local body grant allocated later by the finance commission for these
municipal bodies," the official added.

Manisha Mhaiskar, principal secretary of the state urban development department,
admitted that many towns did not have garbage collection facilities. She added
that now, these local bodies would have to attain 100% garbage collection,
transportation and disposal.

Municipal bodies would give a supplementary grant of Rs 5,000 per beneficiary in
addition to the Rs 12,000, which is being presently given. The beneficiaries
will have to contribute the remaining amount incurred for the construction of
these toilets.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2015 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              487 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                       Basin Republican Rustler (Wyoming)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               December 22, 2011

School safety and trash monopolize council agenda

BYLINE: Basin Republican Rustler staff

LENGTH: 684  words


The Basin Town Council moved forward with the Safe Routes To School grant
application last Tuesday, approving a resolution.

The grant application includes three projects. The first project is a sidewalk
on B Street for about 500 feet, for an estimated cost of $28,551.

The second project is signs and crosswalks to accommodate the new pick-up zones
at a cost of $2,480.

The third project is sidewalk on Ninth Street for a cost of $133,518. The town
has agreed to provide in-kind match in the form of labor and the school district
will provide a match through capital construction funding.

The county also talked a little trash at the meeting with Kathy Weinsaft of the
Wyoming Rural Water Commission discussing solid waste management. Weinsaft
provided some background and history of Wyoming landfills including the fact
that when groundwater monitoring began at landfills, it was determined that 96
percent of the landfills were polluting groundwater. She said this is important
because 82 percent of Wyoming's public water systems rely solely on groundwater
and 111 landfills are within one-mile from a drinking water source.

"What does all this mean for Basin?" she asked. First, she said the "good trash
fairy is dead" and solid waste is expensive and going to continue to be
expensive.

She said Basin should help the solid waste board look for a system that is
sustainable and equitable, noting the current landfills have very little economy
of scale, paying considerable amount for groundwater monitoring.

She said Basin could also look into transferring its waste to another facility
and consider a "pay as you throw" system in town, which would require that each
resident or garbage customer had his/her own Dumpster. Under "pay as you throw"
she said customers are charged just like sewer and water, by how much they use.

She said this needs to be coupled with convenient recycling and composting
programs.

In regard to recycling, she said, "Forget trying to make money from it; that
rarely happens." But, she added, recycling makes economic sense through avoided
costs.

She said Basin also needs to as a town government and as residents to purchase
recyclable products. She said if there isn't a demand for recyclable material
then finding markets to "take what we collect will be challeng-ing."

In other business:

The council considered a reduction in fee for temporary alcohol permits. Mayor
Amy Kania reported that after the request was made at the work session earlier
this month, they checked with the Liquor Commission and found that temporary
permits can be issued only for malt beverages. The Friends of the Basin Library
wanting to serve wine at their Art From the Heart event but would need a
catering permit and a business with a retail license would have to apply for the
permit.

The council agreed that they still could consider a fee reduction.

Town Attorney Kent Rich-ins said if there is to be a fee reduction allowed, the
council needs to set parameters on eligibility.

The council approved an ordinance to allow for a fee reduction on first reading
with Richins to work on eligibility language for the second reading.

Kania said she reviewed the list of residents being charged an open ditch charge
for agriculture purposes and noticed that some people were missing from the
current list, including herself, while others not using the open ditch for ag
purposes were on the list. She revised the list and it will be reviewed again
before this year's bills are sent out.

The council tabled a chain of command for grievances along with established
discipline procedures to be included in the managerial guideline book. Dave
Cooper asked about the council not being involved in hiring and firing and
Richins said the chain of command is for grievances and discipline and not for
firing.

"This sets a chain of command because the council should stay of out of employee
issues," Richins said. "It puts a buffer between the council and employees."

Richins will make sure the chain of command procedure does not interfere with
the town ordinance allowing the council to be involved in the firing process.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BAR

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                    Copyright 2011 Basin Republican Rustler


                              488 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 20, 1987, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

State Helps Bolster Regional Recycling

BYLINE: By ROBERT A. HAMILTON

SECTION: Section 11CN; Page 8, Column 5; Connecticut Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 992 words


A SOUTHEASTERN Connecticut agency has become the first in the state to set up a
regional recycling center under a new grant program offered by the State
Department of Environmental Protection.

The Southeast Connecticut Resources Recovery Authority accepted a $1.1 million
grant and signed a contract with American Ref-Fuel to build and operate a
trash-to-energy plant in Preston for the waste that cannot be recycled.

''Overall, recycling is a very important part of our solid-waste management
scheme,'' said Edward Steward, the president of the authority.

Dana L. Armstrong, the authority's recycling coordinator, said about a third of
the money would be used for local bins, collection centers and trucks to collect
recyclable items.

Some of the remaining money would be spent on administration and publicity for
the program, Ms. Armstrong said, and the rest would be used to upgrade the
authority's existing recycling site, in Groton, which collects only bottles and
cans on a regional basis now.

The recycling operation currently collects about 10 tons of bottles and cans a
day. Ms. Armstrong said she hopes the operation will soon increase its
collections to at least 40 tons a day.

Plans call for the recycling to be extended to yard debris and other material
for a composting operation, as well as the collection of scrap metal, tires and
waste oil, she said.

''The regional recycling effort is going to encompass a lot more than just
bottles and cans,'' Ms. Armstrong said.

''This is going to be the first real integrated effort to do solid waste
recycling the way it should be done,'' said Lois B. Hager, recycling coordinator
for the Department of Environmental Protection.

The General Assembly passed legislation this year that requires towns to recycle
25 percent of their solid waste, by weight. It also set up a grants program to
help towns open intermediate processing centers for centralized collection of
recyclable materials.

''We think towns can accomplish that goal, just as East Lyme already has,'' Ms.
Hager said. But she said she knows of no other town that has met the 25 percent
goal yet.

''East Lyme stands alone in that respect,'' Ms. Hager said. ''And we're very
grateful to that town for proving it is possible.''

Towns have little choice but to meet that goal. A state law mandates that after
1991 certain recyclable materials can no longer be deposited in landfills or
burned at a resource recovery facility. A list of those materials is being
drafted by the state Environmental Commissioner, Ms. Hager said that two other
regional authorities are close to obtaining grants to plan and develop
intermediate processing centers.

The Greater Bridgeport Solid Waste Advisory Council has qualified for up to $5
million for planning, design and construction of a center in the Bridgeport
area, and the South Central Council of Governments is in line for a $75,000
planning grant for a center to serve the New Haven area. Additional money will
be made available later to the council for design and construction, Ms. Hager
said.

In other areas, talks are still going on to determine where the processing
centers would be located and how many towns they would serve.

In order to obtain a grant, the state requires that a recyling center serve at
least 250,000 people. In the northeast and northwest corners of the state, she
said, that would mean one center would serve most of the towns in an area, while
in the Hartford area two centers might be needed.

The southeastern authority received a head start because the Town of Groton
developed a recycling center in 1982. That center was taken over this year by
the authority, which is expanding it into a regional center with the state
money.

''Groton and the southeast region can take a lot of credit for making recycling
happen throughout Connecticut,'' Ms. Hager said.

Mr. Steward, the public works chief in Waterford, said that in the early 1970s
towns tried to set up recycling programs with little success.

''Everyone had plenty of space in their landfills, and no one was anxious about
it,'' Mr. Steward said.

Now most landfills in the state are nearing capacity, Mr. Steward said, and
towns are turning to resource recovery, which involves burning waste to produce
steam and generate electricity as a method of waste disposal.

But resource recovery is more expensive than landfills for each ton of waste and
the ash it generates must also be disposed, so towns need to reduce their waste
streams, Mr. Steward said.

Also, glass and cans, once burned, produce a slag that can damage incinerator
equipment, Mr. Steward said. This problem is additional incentive for keeping
such materials out of the waste stream, he said.

Mr. Steward predicted that recycling programs will focus people's attention on
the garbage dilemma.

''One problem is people are not aware enough of the problem,'' he said. ''They
put their garbage out on the curb and the next day it's gone.''

Ms. Armstrong said there seems to be growing interest in recycling. She noted
that along with New London area towns, such towns as East Haddam, Durham,
Middlefield, Essex and, occasionally, Middletown are using the southeastern
authority's recycling facility.

Ms. Hager said that as more towns get involved in the program, there might be a
problem developing markets for recycled materials.

Currently, she said, the market for glass and aluminum is strong, and the market
for paper and corrugated cardboard is adequate. But, she said, the market for
steel cans is weak unless the cans are processed properly.

That situation could get worse if Connecticut towns generate more materials than
recycling plants can handle.

''We can collect it, we can process it, but we need a good place to put it
afterwards,'' Ms. Hager said. ''However, I think once industry sees that there
is going to be a steady supply, there will be more companies started up to
recycle these materials.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                              489 of 995 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                             April 18, 2011 Monday

Compost Workshops Planned

SECTION: A; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 377  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


For the eighth consecutive year, the Lancaster County Solid Waste Management
Authority is partnering with municipalities, community organizations and Penn
State Master Gardeners to conduct free home compost workshops.

Lancaster County residents will learn how to recycle organic waste from their
kitchens and gardens instead of putting it in the trash.

Workshop attendees will also learn how to build home compost bins to meet their
needs.

Each household in attendance will receive a free kitchen scrap collection bucket
courtesy of a Resource Conservation Challenge Grant from the federal
Environmental Protection Agency.

Lancaster County residents may attend any one of the home compost workshops
scheduled. If required, residents should preregister no later than Friday at
noon prior to the workshop they'll be attending.

Details for each workshop are as follows:

nSaturday, April 30, at the Warwick Township Municipal Office, 315 Clay Road,
Lititz. The workshop is from 10 to 11 a.m. Preregistration is recommended.
Contact the Warwick Township recycling coordinator at 626-8900 or email
bkreider@warwicktownship.org

nSaturday, May 14, at Reservoir Park pavilion located along East King Street in
Lancaster. The workshop is from 10 to 11 a.m. Preregistration is recommended. To
preregister or for more information, contact the city's solid waste & recycling
manager at 291-4762 or email tbreneisen@cityoflancasterpa.com

nSunday, May 15, at Flanagan Park, at East Front Street and Pine Street in
Marietta. The workshop is from 10 to 11 a.m. For more information, contact The
Marietta Market at mariettamarket@gmail.com

nSaturday, May 21, at the Fuhrman Park pavilion in East Donegal Township, 110
Rock Point Road, Marietta. If raining, the workshop will be held at the township
building at 190 Rock Point Road. The workshop is from 10 to 11 a.m.
Preregistration is recommended. To register or for more information, contact
East Donegal's recycling coordinator at 426-3167 or email
Vicki@eastdonegaltwp.com

nSaturday, June 4, at the Community Center in East Petersburg, 6051 Pine St. The
workshop is from 10 to 11 a.m. Preregistration is recommended. To register or
for more information, contact the borough's recycling coordinator at 569-9282 or
email vag.ep4@comcast.net

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              490 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                         Business Mirror (Philippines)

                            September 4, 2016 Sunday

Forum promotes measures for environment protection

BYLINE: Butch Enerio

LENGTH: 686  words


The participants of an environmental program are generating measures to make the
residents of Mindanao aware of their responsibilities to create a sustainable
and livable environment

The United States Alumni for Institutional Reform (USAIR) Summit here last week,
with the theme 'Institutionalizing Reforms to Address Environmental Concerns in
Mindanao,' has asserted the need for a holistic development for the protection
of the environment. The forum said the excesses of mankind has tilted the
balance of the ecology, resulting in an unprecedented perils, notwithstanding
climate change that is endangering the existence of the flora and fauna on the
planet.

Jerlie P. Luis-Requerme, US-AIR program grantee, said every individual, young
and old, who are integral part of nature, should be aware of their moral
obligation and do their part for Mother Nature against destruction, particularly
in advocating for a clean habitat and the maintenance of a sound biodiversity.

The USAIR is a program of the US government funding identified alumnus of the
International Visitors Leadership Program (IVLP), through grants, for the
institutionalization of reforms in the field of environment, good governance and
political transparency.

Requerme said that, as a way of reciprocating the goodwill of the US government,
being a IVLP participant, she came up with a program in line with the USAIR and
was able to secure a grant that, in turn, was awarded to organizations for
environmental projects that will contribute to the needed reforms in Mindanao.

During the summit, the grantees presented their projects, including the mangrove
plantation in Maguindanao, spearheaded by Nashrudin Kusain Piang-Adat Betad.
There is also a music video by Maria Angeles Hinosolongo, a project of the
Mindanao University of Science and Technology that tells of the state of the
Bitan-ag Creek in this city and how it contributes to flooding because of the
clogging due to indiscriminate dumping of garbage to the creek.

The Sagip Kabataan project was presented by Melody Ravelo, child-focused
initiative on disaster risk and management where children from far-flung areas
were given education on how to stay safe in times of disaster.

The summit participants were appraised of the latest information on climate
change by lawyer Teresa Blanco, who shared that 97 percent of scientists in the
world have affirmed that global warming is caused anthropologically.

'Our environment is not getting any better, but there is much we can do to make
our Mindanao a lot more livable.' Requerme said. She added that even without the
US grant, endeavors of good environmental practices, which the project
proponents started, should continue for the sake of mother earth.

USAIR Summit also encouraged the implementation of solid-waste management
starting from homes. The summit is seeking political interventions by
implementing Republic Act 9003, or the Solid Waste Management Act, among local
government units (LGUs).

Samira Ali Gutoc Tomawis, who leads the Transform Progressive Marawi Movement,
underscored the efforts of the members in informing the city residents and the
LGU the importance of disposing garbage. She introduced solid waste management
(SWM) and the income that could be generated from wastes.

Tomawis outlined the movement's solving the garbage problem through massive
information-education campaign; adoption of new environmentally compliant
technologies; formulation of additional management schemes, such as the disposal
of household hazardous wastes; and integrating SWM laws and policies with
environmental laws through the formulation of the environment code.

Meanwhile, the Safer River, Life Saver Foundation (SRLSF) Inc. of the Liceo de
Cagayan University told the Summit participants of the importance of keeping an
environmentally sound river. SRLSF's Rosalina Huerbana said the efforts of the
foundation have informed the stakeholders on the reality surrounding the Cagayan
de Oro River and that more actions are needed to solve the problems with
cooperation from line agencies and residents, particularly those living in river
banks.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Business Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              491 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       Alamogordo Daily News (New Mexico)

                          December 20, 2006 Wednesday

Local trash benefits from state grants

BYLINE: Daily Staff Report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 225 words


The New Mexico Environment Department's Solid Waste Division awarded three
grants totaling $137,000 to the Lincoln County Solid Waste Authority.

The LCSWA handles both Lincoln and Otero counties.

Two of the grants will stay in Otero County. The La Luz Solid Waste site will
receive a new tire baler/hopper and a new tire cutter. One grant, for $15,000,
will purchase a tire baler/hopper used in processing recycled tires. A baler is
a machine that stacks and compacts 100 tires into squares. These squares are
then stacked to create erosion-prevention walls.

The current tire baler/hopper in La Luz is 10 years old and was unsuitable for
large tires, such as tires used by trailers. Another grant for $42,000 will
purchase a new tire cutter, also used in tire recycling, for the same site.

"Tires are a problem," Operational Supervisor for the Lincoln County Solid Waste
Authority Debra Ingle said. "You can't dispose them in a solid waste site, and
you can't stack them because they are a fire hazard."

So tires are used to build fences to prevent erosion. "And with the recent
floods, I'm sure Otero County knows about that," Ingle said.

Also, the third grant for $80,000 will provide additional funding for the
perimeter fence at the new Greentree transfer station and recycling center under
construction for the authority in Ruidoso Downs in Lincoln County.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2006 Alamogordo Daily News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              492 of 995 DOCUMENTS

                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                          September 28, 2005 Wednesday

WSWMD gets $103,000 federal grant

BYLINE: CATE LECUYER, Reformer Staff

SECTION: CITY & TOWN

LENGTH: 340 words

DATELINE: BRATTLEBORO


The Windham Solid Waste Management District recently received a $103,000 grant
to improve the operation of the facility and expand many of the programs
offered.

Through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development program, the
grant was one of only 45 nationwide that were given to rural non-profit solid
waste management corporations.

WSWMD program director Cindy Sterling said the money will be used to increase
their organic composting program and expand training sessions for transfer
station workers.

Two years ago, WSWMD organized state and federally supported training programs
for their workers, covering issues from facility safety to handling appliances
and preparing them for recycling.

"In January 2005, we started offering topics to other parts of the state and
we've had a really good response," Sterling said.

Workers from around 20 transfer stations across Vermont show up for the
sessions.

"These guys and girls are just out there alone a lot. [Training sessions] make
them feel connected to other transfer stations," she said, adding that it also
increases the efficiency of stations all around by allowing the workers to share
ideas and build off one another.

"Someone will say 'this is a problem I've always had, how do we solve it?' And
then we've got other people who say 'we've had that problem and this is how we
solved it,'" Sterling said.

She said it also helps improve conditions at the stations, some of which lack
phones, running water, and certain safety equipment. "They can go to their
selectboards and say we really need an eye wash station," she said. "It helps
brings their needs to the fore."

Sterling said the grant money will also be used to maintain the special waste
collection programs offered.

Right now, the WSWMD transfer station in Brattleboro is the only site that
handles household hazardous waste such as paint and motor oil.

Sterling said that with the grant money, special collections of these materials
will increase at other sites in Windham County.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

   Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.


                              493 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                             June 28, 2014 Saturday

Upscaling to reduce waste in Caspian Forest

LENGTH: 555  words


Start Date : 1/2014
End Date : 12/2014
Country : Iran
Status : Currently under execution
Project Number : IRA/SGP/OP5/Y3/STAR/CC/13/06(182)


Grant Amount : US$ 25,000.00
Operational Phase : Phase 5
Grantee : MOASSESE TAHGHIGHATI VARAZIST (the  Local NGO )
Background
Unfortunately, solid waste produced in the Caspian area coastline cities,
partially get deposited in depo sites inside the Hyrcanian Caspain Forests. The
waste management in the country has been mainly focused on waste removal and
disposal, rather than waste reduction by the citizens. As the Caspian Area has
one of the highest tourism area in the country, the villa owners and tourists
behavior towards waste disposal and their consumption patterns and attitudes
have also affected the rural people  s zero waste production tradition.
GEF SGP projects in Safaroud area promoted household and neighborhood composting
and developed easy technologies. A centralized Neighborhood community composting
unit was designed and constructed in Safaroud region in Mazandaran (Govramak
village) for the first time (2011-2012). The technology includes a pit
composting unit together with a simple windrow for maturating the finished
compost. Household vermicomposting units also were planned and implemented by
the local cooperative in Mianlot village in that region. Because of using final
maturated compost by rural communities, a growing number of farmers and
gardeners who rely on chemical fertilizers are realizing the value of compost
for plant growth and restoring depleted soil.
Project brief
The main objective of the proposed project is to empowering the people to be
able to produce biocompost and other from organic rural solid waste together
with caw manure.
Project activities:
The proposed project includes the following aspects:
1. Replication of centralized community composting and household composting
units and lobbing with relevant government authorities
a. Improving waste management system through decreasing the frequency of waste
collection and finally the system total cost.
b. Composting the organic part of solid wastes will reduce the amount of wastes
transported to local landfills and this will result in decreasing pollution
point sources and also GHGs emissions (particularly CH4) to the atmosphere.
c. Compost and particularly vermicompost generated by the people could be sold
in local markets and so might provide small income for families. As well as
using compost agriculture will have a positive effect as compost will improve
the quality of almost any soil, and for this reason it is most often considered
a soil conditioner. The presence of these decomposers means that there is still
some organic material being slowly broken down releasing nutrients as foods pass
through their digestive tracts. They also represent balanced soil ecology.

2. Training of Network of local Municipalities and local Councils from the
Caspian Area using the demonstration sites
a. Limiting
Project completion date : 2014-12-31 12:00:00
Major organization : SGP THE GEF SMALL GRANTS PROGRAMME

Address : UNDP, P.O. Box 15875-4557
Tehran

Country :Iran, Islamic Republic of
Email : laleh.daraie@undp.org

Financier : Global Environment Facility Small Grants Programme (SGP),
Ltd. Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc. (Syndigate.info).

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2014 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              494 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                            April 12, 2014 Saturday

Sustainable Waste Management Initiative Environmental Protection that Benefits
the Poor

LENGTH: 473  words


Project Number: SLE/SGP/OP5/ STAR/CH/13/06/014
Country:  Sierra Leone
Area Of Work: Chemicals
Operational Phase: Phase 5
Grant Amount: US$ 30,000.00
Start Date: 7/2013
End Date: 6/2014
Status: Currently under execution
Project Description: The project is aimed at starting up a decentralised solid
waste management (SWM) scheme in Bo District, Southern Province, Sierra Leone.
Compost generated from the waste will be used to promote organic agriculture and
also discarded biomass will be used to establish energy-efficient fuel briquette
making enterprise. The project will have a two-sided effect: it will improve the
local environment, and also offer continuous employment to individuals from
socially and economically disadvantaged groups. The primary objective this
project is to reduce environmental degradation caused by solid waste through
Sustainable Waste Management (SWM) which strives for a maximum waste recovery by
composting, recycling, and reuse, and aims at zero waste to be disposed onto
dump-yards and landfills.


Grantee: ADVOCATE+
Organisation Mission : For GEF SGP, the community-based approach is the
cornerstone for addressing local and global environmental and sustainable
development challenges. SGP provides grants to civil society organizations
(CSOs), notably national and local non-governmental organizations (NGOs),
community-based organizations (CBOs), and indigenous peoples organizations. SGP
grantees may also include other not-for-profit organizations such as
professional associations, unions and other civil society groups.
By enabling a direct connection between sustainable livelihoods and the
generation of local and global livelihoods, SGP empowers communities to act and
participate in their own development and hence ensures community ownership and
impact. Over the course of the last 20 years, SGP has provided grants to over
12,000 grantees with 64 percent of grants channeled to NGOs, 34 percent to CBOs,
and 2 percent to other not-for-profit organizations. More than 60 percent of
projects have directly benefitted communities either through direct grants to
CBOs or through other NGOs and CSOs working with communities.
Project Partner :
GEF Secretariat
1818 H Street, NW, Mail Stop P4-400
Washington, DC 20433 USA
Tel: (202) 473-0508
Fax: (202) 522-3240/3245
Email: secretariat@thegef.org
Project completion date : 2014-06-30 12:00:00
Major organization : SGP THE GEF SMALL GRANTS PROGRAMME

Address : 55 wilkinson road freetown,

western area, 23222
Attn:  Mr. Abu-Bakar S. Massaquoi

Country :Sierra Leone
Financier : Global Environment Facility (GEF),
United Nations Development Programme (UNDP),

Financier address : United Nations Development Programme
One United Nations Plaza
New York, NY 10017
Tel: +1 (212) 906-5000
Call: +1 (212) 963-1234
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2014 Tenders Info
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              495 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press (Christchurch, New Zealand)

                              May 4, 2006 Thursday

Fisher Funds to reject Waste Management offer

BYLINE: VAUGHAN Gareth

SECTION: BUSINESS; BUSINESS DAY; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 349 words


Waste Management NZ's biggest shareholder plans to reject the 864c a share
takeover offer from Australia's Trans- pacific Industries.

Carmel Fisher, managing director of Fisher Funds Management, which has a 6.2 per
cent stake in Waste Management, said yesterday that information released by the
waste collection and landfill company on Tuesday had failed to change Fisher's
mind. The information included Grant Samuel & Associates' independent appraisal
report that valued Waste Management between 724c and 821c a share.

"At this stage, without any further clarification, then we wouldn't be changing
our view," Fisher said. "We wouldn't be accepting." The fund manager had
communicated its views to both Waste Management and Transpacific and would wait
for the May 17 shareholders vote at an Auckland meeting to "see how many others
share our view", Fisher said.

Transpacific needs 75% of shareholders' votes.

Fisher has questioned whether Transpacific's 864c per share, or $870m, offer
price contains a slice of the $30m merger benefits Transpacific has outlined.

"We still don't know that because the Grant Samuel report doesn't really make
reference to that," Fisher said. "If you shared that $30m of synergy benefits
then a much higher price would be appropriate."

The Grant Samuel report did not include any valuation model that enabled
investors to work out how the independent appraiser reached its valuation,
Fisher said.

* In a submission to the Takeovers Panel, Brook Asset Management argues it is
inappropriate for a company to agree to pay a break fee if its shareholders
reject a proposed merger.

Waste Management has agreed to pay Transpacific $8m if its shareholders reject
the deal, which the New Zealand company's board backs.

"Such an arrangement would inappropriately place pressure on shareholders to
approve a merger, because the decision to approve would need to be considered
against the impact on the company of paying the break fee in the event that the
transaction is not approved," Brook chairman Simon Botherway wrote.

Waste Management's shares closed yesterday unchanged at 860c.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              496 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 27, 2015 Wednesday

Utah: EPA awards nearly $200,000 to Fresno, Calif., for environmental job
training

LENGTH: 427  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Environmental Protection Agency, The State of Utah has issued the following news
release:

Environmental Protection Agency today announced a $192,300 environmental
workforce development grant to the Fresno Area Workforce Investment Corporation.
Fresno will use the federal grant to train 70 students and place at least 60
graduates in local environmental jobs including recycling and solid waste
management, hazardous waste cleanup, wastewater treatment, and environmentally
safe pest control.

"We're pleased to see Fresno is helping community members gain the skills and
experience needed for good-paying, green jobs that help protect our
environment," said Jared Blumenfeld, EPA's Regional Administrator for the
Pacific Southwest. "EPA is proud to provide this support for Fresno."

Fresno's environmental job training program will focus on unemployed and
underemployed residents of Fresno County, with an emphasis on at-risk youth,
veterans, and disadvantaged job seekers with barriers to training and
employment. Students will receive 40-hour HAZWOPER training and choose from
among three tracks in solid waste management or cleanup, wastewater treatment
certification and integrated pest control advisor. Graduates will earn
state-recognized certificates or licenses, including UCLA's recycling and solid
waste management certificate, California wastewater treatment certificate, or
California pest control advisor license.

EPA has also invested over $1.3 million in grants to help Fresno clean up and
redevelop contaminated properties - also known as brownfields. In 2012 Fresno
was selected under the White House's Strong Cities, Strong Communities
initiative. Through this federal interagency collaboration, EPA took the lead in
Fresno to increase the capacity of city government to implement plans for
economic growth and revitalization. The benefits of this federal investment can
be seen today through these increased grant awards.

EPA's Environmental Workforce Development and Job Training grants are provided
to nonprofit organizations and other eligible entities to recruit, train, and
place residents from pollution-impacted communities, including low-income and
minority, unemployed, and underemployed individuals. EPA has funded 239 job
training grants totaling over $49 million through the job training program. More
than 13,800 students have completed training and more than 10,000 have obtained
employment in the environmental field.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              497 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 27, 2015 Wednesday

Utah: EPA awards nearly $200,000 to Fresno, Calif., for environmental job
training

LENGTH: 427  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Environmental Protection Agency, The State of Utah has issued the following news
release:

Environmental Protection Agency today announced a $192,300 environmental
workforce development grant to the Fresno Area Workforce Investment Corporation.
Fresno will use the federal grant to train 70 students and place at least 60
graduates in local environmental jobs including recycling and solid waste
management, hazardous waste cleanup, wastewater treatment, and environmentally
safe pest control.

"We're pleased to see Fresno is helping community members gain the skills and
experience needed for good-paying, green jobs that help protect our
environment," said Jared Blumenfeld, EPA's Regional Administrator for the
Pacific Southwest. "EPA is proud to provide this support for Fresno."

Fresno's environmental job training program will focus on unemployed and
underemployed residents of Fresno County, with an emphasis on at-risk youth,
veterans, and disadvantaged job seekers with barriers to training and
employment. Students will receive 40-hour HAZWOPER training and choose from
among three tracks in solid waste management or cleanup, wastewater treatment
certification and integrated pest control advisor. Graduates will earn
state-recognized certificates or licenses, including UCLA's recycling and solid
waste management certificate, California wastewater treatment certificate, or
California pest control advisor license.

EPA has also invested over $1.3 million in grants to help Fresno clean up and
redevelop contaminated properties - also known as brownfields. In 2012 Fresno
was selected under the White House's Strong Cities, Strong Communities
initiative. Through this federal interagency collaboration, EPA took the lead in
Fresno to increase the capacity of city government to implement plans for
economic growth and revitalization. The benefits of this federal investment can
be seen today through these increased grant awards.

EPA's Environmental Workforce Development and Job Training grants are provided
to nonprofit organizations and other eligible entities to recruit, train, and
place residents from pollution-impacted communities, including low-income and
minority, unemployed, and underemployed individuals. EPA has funded 239 job
training grants totaling over $49 million through the job training program. More
than 13,800 students have completed training and more than 10,000 have obtained
employment in the environmental field.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              498 of 995 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                             July 9, 2011 Saturday

Georgia: Adjara Solid Waste Project

LENGTH: 406  words


Country: Georgia
Project number: 36538
Business sector: Municipal and environmental infrastructure
Public/Private: Public
Environmental category: A
Board date: 9 Feb 2010
Status: Signed
PSD disclosed: 28 Apr 2009
The EBRD is considering to finance the construction of a new sanitary landfill
in Chakvi, which will serve for the final disposal of municipal solid waste
generated by the Georgian towns of Kobuleti and Batumi. The project includes
preparation of the site, construction of an access road, fencing, the initial
cells, a recycling facility, an administration and laboratory building, a
vehicle washing and disinfecting facility, a weight-bridge, a power substation,
areas for communication and infrastructure (internal roads) and a protection
zone around the site.


The proposed project will have the following transition impact:
Framework for markets - The project will be the first regional landfill fully
compliant with EU standards and Georgian legislation. It will establish a model
structure that could be replicated for the financing of other regional waste
management companies in Georgia and create new legal and institutional
structures to promote economies of scale, employ new technology and install best
practice management techniques.
Demonstration effect of new products and processes - The project will put in
place the first landfill in Georgia to be built and operated in accordance with
applicable EU standards. Besides physical technology, the project will also help
develop more public awareness of the benefits of anti-littering and recycling
and through public promotion campaigns and incentives. The model  s success is
expected to generate similar projects in other regions.
Setting standards - technical co-operation services will be provided to assist
Adjara to establish a project company operating in accordance with the business
plan and with EU standards on solid waste, and develop a plan, structures and
procedures to invite private sector participation in the operation of the
project company.
The   3 million sovereign loan to be on-lent to the Adjara Municipal Sanitary
Services Company for municipal solid waste investments.
EUR 8.3 million including related technical cooperation. The project will be
co-financed by EUR 3 million loan from the Bank, EUR 4.7 million grant from
Swedish International Development Agency (SIDA) and EUR 0.6 million grant from
ETC fund.

country :Georgia
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2011 Tenders Info
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              499 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       Silver City Sun-News (New Mexico)

                           October 18, 2007 Thursday

General manager resigns from Southwest Solid Waste Authority

BYLINE: By Levi Hill/Sun-News Bureau Chief

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 473 words


SILVER CITY -- After nearly four years as the general manager for the Southwest
Solid Waste Authority, Kariann Sokulsky has tendered her resignation, effective
Nov. 16.

Sokulsky joined the authority in January 2004 after moving to Silver City from
Texas, where she worked with the Texas Natural Resource Conservation Division.
She said Thursday that she has found a job opportunity she could not pass up,
but will be staying in Grant County.

"It is a better job opportunity," she said. "Phelps Dodge made a really good
offer and it is a great opportunity to work for a great company."

Sokulsky will join the ranks of Freeport-McMoRan's Chino Mines Operations as a
member of the company's Chino Mines Environment, Land and Water Department.

Freeport-McMoRan spokesman Richard Peterson said the department oversees and
ensures environmental compliance at the Chino mines operations.

"We think she will make a very good addition to that department," Peterson said.

Alex Brown, chairman of the SWSWA, said Sokulsky will be missed and the board
will review the job description and put the general manager position out for
applications following the Oct. 31 board meeting.

"We, the board, will miss Kariann," Brown said in a news release. "She has been
an effective general manager and has managed the disposal of solid waste within
our communities most effectively from both an environmental compliance and
budget standpoint. We all wish her the best of luck in her new job."

The authority is governed by elected officials or their designees from the
municipalities of Hurley, Santa Clara, Bayard, Silver City and Lordsburg, and
Grant and Hidalgo counties.

When Sokulsky joined the SWSWA in 2004, the authority was on the brink of
bankruptcy. She has been credited with turning around the failing waste
management company, which now operates in the black. The authority also now
maintains a recycling program, something that was almost non-existent in 2004.

Sokulsky said that the authority's turn-around, the clean-up of tire dumps and
the authority's new safety training programs are among her proudest
accomplishments.

"There was no safety training before I got in there," she said. "We are now
meeting the requirements for safety every year."

Sokulsky is a 15-year veteran of environmental compliance and law with a
bachelor's degree in economics and master's in environmental science. She said
she is pleased to be staying in Grant County and wishes the authority well.

"I hope the authority will continue with the initiatives we have started to do
murals with the youth. I think that initiative would continue to increase
recycling in the community," she said.

The Southwest Solid Waste Authority currently employs 23 people and is
responsible for the disposal of solid waste and recycling in Grant County.

Levi Hill can be reached at lhill@scsun-news.com

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Silver City Sun-News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              500 of 995 DOCUMENTS


                       Chapel Hill Herald (Durham, N.C.)

                              August 5 2011 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

SECTION: A; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 599  words


$13K grant will help town install recycling bins

CHAPEL HILL -- The Town of Chapel Hill will receive a grant later this year for
$13,000 from the N.C. State Division of Environmental Assistance and Outreach to
purchase and install 12 new recycling containers along Franklin Street.

Orange County Solid Waste Management will collect recycling from those
containers once they are installed, later this year. They can be used to deposit
bottles, cans and paper.

Organizer to offer tips at 'More Time for Teachers'

HILLSBOROUGH -- Lori Bruhns of Everyday Tidy will lead "More Time for Teachers"
at the Main Library from 6 to 7 p.m. Aug. 25. This seminar is geared toward
teachers, parents and homeschoolers who want to learn how to make the most of
planning time and learn how to gain back valuable time to enjoy with family,
friends and hobbies.

Bruhns is a former educator as well as a professional organizer and time-
management consultant, and she can help teachers take control of their class,
papers and time with her easily implemented tips and classroom solutions for the
new school year.

Register by stopping by the library, calling the Reference Desk at (919)
245-2536, or signing up online at bit.ly/MoreTime4Teachers.

'Raised Right' will tackle topics on local foods

HILLSBOROUGH -- The Orange County Main Library will host "Raised Right," the
second in a series of Local Food events, at 6 p.m. Aug. 30. Discover new ways to
find local meat, honey, eggs and poultry, talk about the realities of labels
such as organic, free-range, and grass-fed, and learn what to look for when
choosing cuts for different purposes.

Food providers from beekeepers to cattlemen will be available to answer
questions.

Panelists will include representatives from Parker Family Farms, Rogers Cattle
Company, Double R Cattle and others.

For more information contact Jessica Arnold at jarnold@co.orange.nc.us or (919)
245-2537.

Seymour Center will bring back yard sale on Oct. 1

CHAPEL HILL -- The Seymour Center, serving senior citizens of Orange County, is
reviving its annual yard sale on from 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. Oct. 1. All proceeds are
earmarked to upgrade equipment and fund senior citizen programs at the Seymour
Center. Donations to the sale are tax deductible.

Housewares, artwork and jewelry, sporting goods, tools, furniture, small
appliances, linens, tableware, china, glassware and toys are among the items
needed. Books, clothing, electronics, pets and cosmetics cannot be accepted.

Donations will be accepted at the Seymour Center, 2551 Homestead Road, on
Tuesdays and Saturdays from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. On Tuesdays a drop-off box will be
available until 5 p.m. For pickup of large items or for further information call
968-2070.

Solid waste reps will offer recycling info at Aug. 13 fair

HILLSBOROUGH -- Orange County Solid Waste Management will be at the Northern
Orange Community Resource Fair at New Sharon United Methodist Church from 10
a.m. to 2 p.m. Aug. 13. Its staff will be prepared to answer questions and
provide information about drop-off site use, proper recycling of electronics,
batteries, cell phones, plastics, curbside items, managing hazardous materials
from both homes and small businesses such as painters and cleaners.

Bring all of your questions about solid waste and recycling. You can also bring
any unbroken compact fluorescent lights (aka "twirly" lights, or CFLs) for this
one-day event. Solid Waste Management staff will bring the collected CFLs to the
Hazardous Household Collection facility at the Orange County Landfill, 1514
Eubanks Road, where they can be recycled six days a week.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved
