
                               1 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Norman Transcript (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 16, 2010 Sunday

Cox will award funds to Oklahoma nonprofit organizations

BYLINE: The Norman Transcript, Okla.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 366 words


May 16--NORMAN -- Cox Communications announced recently that the Cox Connects
Community Investment Grants are now available through the Cox Connects
Foundation.

Cox Connects Foundation will award more than $290,000 to Oklahoma City and Tulsa
area nonprofit organizations. Applications are available at
www.coxconnectsok.com and will be accepted through July 1.

The Cox Connects Foundation provides community investment grants up to $5,000.
The grants are designed to assist nonprofit, 501(c)(3) organizations that
provide programs that benefit communities in the Oklahoma City and Tulsa-metro
Cox Communications service areas.

"The Cox Connects Foundation is funded and directed by Oklahoma employees, who
decide how every dollar is invested back into the community," said Tiffani
Bruton, director of public affairs. "Our company is passionate about supporting
local programs that positively impact Oklahomans and the communities where we do
business. If a local nonprofit organization seeks funding for a program, this is
a great opportunity to apply."

The Cox Connects Foundation was created to strengthen Cox communities through
support of programs that positively impact Oklahoma's youth in the areas of
education, technology, health and the arts. In addition to the Cox Connects
Community Investment Grants, the Cox Connects Foundation offers Innovation in
Education grants for K-12 classroom programs, Cox Connects Education
Scholarships to students entering college and a portion of the funds help Cox
Oklahoma employees through the Cox Cares Employee Relief program. Since
inception in 2005, the Cox Connects Foundation has invested more than $2.0
million in Oklahoma communities.

For more information about the Cox Connects Foundation, visit
www.coxconnectsok.com.

To see more of The Norman Transcript or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.normantranscript.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Norman Transcript,
Okla. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20100516-NQ-Cox-will-award-funds-to-Oklahoma-nonprofit-organizations-0516

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NQ


                      Copyright 2010 The Norman Transcript


                               2 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 11, 2013 Tuesday

Announcement of Grant Application Deadlines

LENGTH: 4188 words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register, US Government has issued the following notice:


Action

Notice Of Funds Availability And Solicitation Of Applications.
Summary

The United States Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Rural Utilities Service
(RUS) announces its Community Connect Grant Program application window for
Fiscal Year (FY) 2013. In addition, RUS announces the minimum and maximum
amounts for Community Connect grants applicable for the fiscal year. The
Community Connect Grant Program regulations can be found at 7 CFR 1739, subpart
A.

DATES: Back to Top

You may submit completed applications for grants on paper or electronically
according to the following deadlines:

Paper copies must carry proof of shipping no later than July 11, 2013 to be
eligible for FY 2013 grant funding. Late applications are not eligible for FY
2013 grant funding.
    Electronic copies must be received by July 11, 2013 to be eligible for FY
2013 grant funding. Late applications are not eligible for FY 2013 grant
funding.

ADDRESSES: Back to Top

You may obtain application guides and materials for the Community Connect Grant
Program via the Internet at the following Web site:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/utp_commconnect.html. You may also request
application guides and materials from RUS by contacting the appropriate
individual listed in section VII of the SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION section of
this notice.

Submit completed paper applications for grants to the Rural Utilities
Service,U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Ave., SW., Room 2868,
STOP 1599, Washington, DC 20250-1599. Applications should be marked "Attention:
Director, Broadband Division, Rural Utilities Service."

Submit electronic grant applications at http://www.grants.gov (Grants.gov),
following the instructions you find on that Web site.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Kenneth Kuchno, Director, Broadband Division, Rural Utilities Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, telephone: (202) 690-4673, fax: (202) 690-4389.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top
Overview Back to Top

Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service (RUS).

Funding Opportunity Title: Community Connect Grant Program.

Announcement Type: Initial announcement.

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.863.

Dates: You may submit completed applications for grants on paper or
electronically according to the following deadlines:

Paper copies must carry proof of shipping no later than July 11, 2013, to be
eligible for FY 2013 grant funding. Late applications are not eligible for FY
2013 grant funding.
    Electronic copies must be received by July 11, 2013, to be eligible for FY
2013 grant funding. Late applications are not eligible for FY 2013 grant
funding.

Items in Supplementary Information Back to Top

I. Funding Opportunity: Brief introduction to the Community Connect Grant
Program.

II. Award Information: Available funds and minimum and maximum amounts.

III. Eligibility Information: Who is eligible, what kinds of projects are
eligible, what criteria determine basic eligibility.

IV. Application and Submission Information: Where to get application materials,
what constitutes a completed application, how and where to submit applications,
deadlines, items that are eligible.

V. Application Review Information: Considerations and preferences, scoring
criteria, review standards, selection information.

VI. Award Administration Information: Award notice information, award recipient
reporting requirements.

VII. Agency Contacts: Web, phone, fax, email, contact name.
I. Funding Opportunity Back to Top

The provision of broadband service is vital to the economic development,
education, health, and safety of rural Americans. The purpose of the Community
Connect Grant Program is to provide financial assistance in the form of grants
to eligible applicants that will provide currently unserved areas, on a "
community-oriented connectivity" basis, with broadband service that fosters
economic growth and delivers enhanced educational, health care, and public
safety services. Rural Utilities Service will give priority to rural areas that
have the greatest need for broadband services, based on the criteria contained
herein.

Grant authority will be used for the deployment of broadband service to
extremely rural, lower-income communities on a "community-oriented connectivity"
basis. The "community-oriented connectivity" concept will stimulate practical,
everyday uses and applications of broadband facilities by cultivating the
deployment of new broadband services that improve economic development and
provide enhanced educational and health care opportunities in rural areas. Such
an approach will also give rural communities the opportunity to benefit from the
advanced technologies that are necessary to achieve these goals. Please see 7
CFR part 1739, subpart A for specifics.

This notice has been formatted to conform to a policy directive issued by the
Office of Federal Financial Management (OFFM) of the Office of Management and
Budget (OMB), published in the Federal Register on June 23, 2003. This Notice
does not change the Community Connect Grant Program regulation (7 CFR part 1739,
subpart A).

The definitions applicable to this Notice are published at 7 CFR 1739.3.

The Agency will review, evaluate, and score applications received in response to
this Notice based on the provisions found in 7 CFR part 1739, subpart A, and as
indicated in this notice.
II. Award Information Back to Top
A. Available Funds

1. General. The Acting Administrator has determined that the following amounts
are available for grants in FY 2013 under 7 CFR 1739.2(a)
2. Grants

a. $21 million is available for grants from FY 2013 and prior year
appropriations. Under 7 CFR 1739.2, the Administrator has established a minimum
grant amount of $100,000 and a maximum grant amount of $3,000,000 for FY 2013.

b. Assistance instrument: RUS will execute grant documents appropriate to the
project prior to any advance of funds with successful applicants.

B. Community Connect grants cannot be renewed. Award documents specify the term
of each award.
III. Eligibility Information Back to Top
A. Who is eligible for grants? (See 7 CFR 1739.10)

1. Only entities legally organized as one of the following are eligible for
Community Connect Grant Program financial assistance:

a. An incorporated organization,

b. An Indian tribe or tribal organization, as defined in 25 U.S.C. 450b(e),

c. A state or local unit of government,

d. A cooperative, private corporation or limited liability company organized on
a for-profit or not-for-profit basis.

2. Individuals are not eligible for Community Connect Grant Program financial
assistance directly.

3. Applicants must have the legal capacity and authority to own and operate the
broadband facilities as proposed in its application, to enter into contracts and
to otherwise comply with applicable federal statutes and regulations.

4. Applicants must have an active registration with current information in the
System for Award Management (SAM) (previously the Central Contractor Registry
(CCR)) at https:\\www.sam.gov and have a Dun and Bradstreet (D&B) Data Universal
Numbering System (DUNS) number.
B. What are the basic eligibility requirements for a project?

1. Required matching contributions. Please see 7 CFR 1739.14 for the
requirement. Grant applicants must demonstrate a matching contribution, in cash,
of at least fifteen (15) percent of the total amount of financial assistance
requested. Matching contributions must be used to support the broadband
operations funded under the Community Connect Grant Program.

2. To be eligible for a grant, the Project must (see 7 CFR 1739.11):

a. Serve a Rural Area where Broadband Service does not currently exist, to be
verified by RUS prior to the award of the grant;

b. Deploy service at the Broadband Grant Speed, free of all charges for at least
2 years, to all Critical Community Facilities located within the proposed
Service Area;

c. Offer service at the Broadband Grant Speed to all residential and business
customers within the Proposed Funded Service Area; and

d. Provide a Community Center with at least two (2) Computer Access Points
within the Proposed Funded Service Area, and make service at the Broadband Grant
Speed available therein, free of all charges to users for at least 2 years.

3. Other requirements.

a. DUNS numbers and SAM registration: Applicants must have Dun and Bradstreet
DUNS number and be registered in System Awards Management (SAM) at
https:\\www.sam.gov prior to submitting an electronic or paper application. The
DUNS number and SAM requirements are contained in 2 CFR part 25. SAM is the
repository for standard information about applicants and recipients.

b. DUNS Number: As required by the OMB, all applicants for grants must supply a
Dun and Bradstreet DUNS number when applying. The Standard Form 424 (SF-424)
contains a field for you to use when supplying your DUNS number. Obtaining a
DUNS number costs nothing and requires a short telephone call to Dun and
Bradstreet. Please see http://www.grants.gov/applicants/org_step1.jsp for more
information on how to obtain a DUNS number or how to verify your organization's
number.

c. System for Award Management (SAM): In accordance with 2 CFR part 25,
applicants, whether applying electronically or by paper must be registered in
SAM prior to submitting an application. Applicants may register for the SAM at
https://www.sam.gov. The SAM registration must remain active, with current
information, at all times during which an entity has an application under
consideration by an agency or has an active Federal Award. To remain registered
in the SAM database after the initial registration, the applicant is required to
review and update on an annual basis from the date of initial registration or
subsequent updates of its information in the SAM database to ensure it is
current, accurate and complete.

C. See paragraph IV.B of this notice for a discussion of the items that make up
a completed application. You may also refer to 7 CFR 1739.15 for completed grant
application items.
IV. Required Definitions for Community Connect Program Regulation Back to Top

A. General. The regulation for the Community Connect Grant Program requires that
certain definitions affecting eligibility be revised and published from time to
time by the Agency in the Federal Register. For the purpose of this regulation,
the agency shall use the following definitions:

Broadband Service and Broadband Grant Speed. Until otherwise revised in the
Federal Register, for applications in FY 2013, to qualify as Broadband Service,
the minimum rate of data transmission shall be three megabits per second
(download plus upload speeds) for both fixed and mobile service and the
Broadband Grant Speed will be a minimum bandwidth of 5 megabits per second
(download plus upload speeds) for both fixed and mobile service to the customer.

B. Where to get application information. The application guide, copies of
necessary forms and samples, and the Community Connect Grant Program regulation
are available from these sources:

1. The Internet: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/utp_commconnect.html.

2. The Rural Utilities Service Broadband Division, for paper copies of these
materials: (202) 690-4673.
C. What constitutes a completed application?

1. Detailed information on each item required can be found in the Community
Connect Grant Program regulation and the Community Connect Grant Program
application guide. Applicants are strongly encouraged to read and apply both the
regulation and the application guide. This Notice does not change the
requirements for a completed application for any form of Community Connect Grant
Program financial assistance specified in the Community Connect Grant Program
regulation. The Community Connect Grant Program regulation and the application
guide provide specific guidance on each of the items listed and the Community
Connect Grant Program application guide provides all necessary forms and sample
worksheets.

2. Applications should be prepared in conformance with the provisions in 7 CFR
part 1739, subpart A, and applicable USDA regulations including 7 CFR parts
3015, 3016, and 3019. Applicants must use the RUS Application Guide for this
program containing instructions and all necessary forms, as well as other
important information, in preparing their application. Completed applications
must include the following:

a. An Application for Federal Assistance. A completed Standard Form (SF) 424.

b. An executive summary of the Project. The applicant must provide RUS with a
general project overview.

c. Scoring criteria documentation. Each grant applicant must address and provide
documentation on how it meets each of the scoring criteria detailed in 7 CFR
1739.17.

d. System design. The applicant must submit a system design, including,
narrative specifics of the proposal, associated costs, maps, engineering design
studies, technical specifications and system capabilities, etc.

e. Service area demographics. The applicant must provide a map of the Proposed
Funded Service Area using the RUS Mapping Tool.

f. Scope of work. The scope of work must include specific activities and
services to be performed under the proposal, who will carry out the activities
and services, specific time-frames for completion, and a budget for all capital
and administrative expenditures reflecting the line item costs for all grant
purposes, the matching contribution, and other sources of funds necessary to
complete the project.

g. Community-Oriented Connectivity Plan. The applicant must provide a detailed
Community-Oriented Connectivity Plan.

h. Financial information and sustainability. The applicant must provide
financial statements and information and a narrative description demonstrating
the sustainability of the Project.

i. A statement of experience. The applicant must provide a written narrative
describing its demonstrated capability and experience, if any, in operating a
broadband telecommunications system.

j. Evidence of legal authority and existence. The applicant must provide
evidence of its legal existence and authority to enter into a grant agreement
with RUS and to perform the activities proposed under the grant application.

k. Additional Funding. If the Project requires additional funding from other
sources in addition to the RUS grant, the applicant must provide evidence that
funding agreements have been obtained to ensure completion of the Project.

l. Federal Compliance. The applicant must provide evidence of compliance with
other federal statutes and regulations, including, but not limited to the
following:

(i) 7 CFR part 15, subpart A--Nondiscrimination in Federally Assisted Programs
of the Department of Agriculture--Effectuation of Title VI of the Civil Rights
Act of 1964.

(ii) 7 CFR part 3015--Uniform Federal Assistance Regulations.

(iii) 7 CFR part 3017--Governmentwide Debarment and Suspension
(Non-procurement).

(iv) 7 CFR part 3018--New Restrictions on Lobbying.

(v) 7 CFR part 3021--Government wide Requirements for Drug-Free Workplace
(Financial Assistance).

(vi) Certification regarding Architectural Barriers.

(vii) Certification regarding Flood Hazard Precautions.

(viii) An environmental report/questionnaire, in accordance with 7 CFR 1794.

(ix) A certification that grant funds will not be used to duplicate lines,
facilities, or systems providing Broadband Service.

(x) Federal Obligation Certification on Delinquent Debt.

(xi) Assurance Regarding Felony Conviction or Tax Delinquent Status for
Corporate Applicants.
D. How many copies of an application are required?

1. Applications submitted on paper: Submit the original paper application and a
copy in electronic format to RUS.

2. Applications submitted through Grants.gov: The additional paper copies are
not necessary if you submit the application electronically through Grants.gov.

E. How and where to submit an application. Grant applications may be submitted
on paper or through Grants.gov.

1. Submitting applications on paper.

a. Address paper applications for grants to the Rural Utilities Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Room 2868, STOP 1599,
Washington, DC 20250-1599. Applications should be marked "Attention: Director,
Broadband Division, Rural Utilities Service."

b. Paper applications must show proof of mailing or shipping consisting of one
of the following:

(i) A legibly dated U.S. Postal Service (USPS) postmark;

(ii) A legible mail receipt with the date of mailing stamped by the USPS; or

(iii) A dated shipping label, invoice, or receipt from a commercial carrier.

c. Due to screening procedures at the Department of Agriculture, packages
arriving via the USPS are irradiated, which can damage the contents. RUS
encourages applicants to consider the impact of this procedure in selecting
their application delivery method.

2. Applications submitted through Grants.gov.

(a) Applicant may file an electronic application at http://www.grants.gov.
Applications will not be accepted via facsimile machine transmission or
electronic mail. Grants.gov contains full instructions on all required
passwords, credentialing, and software. Follow the instructions at Grants.gov
for registering and submitting an electronic application. If a system problem or
technical difficulty occurs with an electronic application, please use the
customer support resources available at the Grants.gov Web site.

(b) First time Grants.gov users should go to the "Get Started" tab on the
Grants.gov site and carefully read and follow the steps listed. These steps need
to be initiated early in the application process to avoid delays in submitting
your application online.
F. Deadlines

1. Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight
no later than July 11, 2013 to be eligible for FY 2013 grant funding. Late
applications are not eligible for FY 2013 grant funding.

2. Grant applications submitted through Grants.gov must be received by July 11,
2013 to be eligible for FY 2013 funding. Late applications are not eligible for
FY 2013 grant funding.
G. Funding Restrictions

1. Eligible grant purposes. Grant funds may be used to finance:

a. The construction, acquisition, or leasing of facilities, including spectrum,
land or buildings to deploy service at the Broadband Grant Speed to all
participating Critical Community Facilities and all required facilities needed
to offer such service to all residential and business customers located within
the Proposed Funded Service Area;

b. The improvement, expansion, construction, or acquisition of a Community
Center that furnishes free internet access at the Broadband Grant Speed,
provided that the Community Center is open and accessible to area residents
before, during, and after normal working hours and on Saturday or Sunday. Grant
funds provided for such costs shall not exceed the lesser of ten percent (10%)
of the grant amount requested or $150,000; and

c. The cost of bandwidth to provide service at the Broadband Grant Speed to
Critical Community Facilities for the first 2 years of operation.

2. Ineligible grant purposes.

a. Grant funds may not be used to finance the duplication of any existing
Broadband Service provided by another entity.

b. Operating expenses other than the cost of bandwidth for two years to provide
service at the Broadband Grant Speed to Critical Community Facilities.

3. Please see 7 CFR 1739.3 for definitions, 7 CFR 1739.12 for eligible grant
purposes, and 7 CFR 1739.13 for ineligible grant purposes
V. Application Review Information Back to Top
A. Criteria

1. Grant applications are scored competitively and subject to the criteria
listed below.

2. Grant application scoring criteria (total possible points: 100). See 7 CFR
1739.17 for the items that will be reviewed during scoring and for scoring
criteria.

a. An analysis of the challenges of the of the following criteria, laid out on a
community-wide basis, and how the project proposes to address these issues (up
to 50 points): 1. The economic characteristics; 2. Educational Challenges; 3.
Health care needs; and 4. Public safety issues.

b. The extent of the Project's planning, development, and support by local
residents, institutions, and Critical Community Facilities (up to 40 points);

c. The level of experience and past success of operating broadband systems for
the management team (up to 10 points); and

d. In making a final selection among and between applications with comparable
rankings and geographic distribution, the Administrator may take into
consideration the characteristics of the Proposed Funded Service Area (PFSA)
B. Review standards

1. All applications for grants must be delivered to Rural Utilities Service at
the address and by the date specified in this notice (see also 7 CFR 1739.2) to
be eligible for funding. Rural Utilities Service will review each application
for conformance with the provisions of this part. Rural Utilities Service may
contact the applicant for additional information or clarification.

2. Incomplete applications as of the deadline for submission will not be
considered. If an application is determined to be incomplete, the applicant will
be notified in writing and the application will be returned with no further
action.

3. Applications conforming with this part will then be evaluated competitively
by a panel of Rural Utilities Service employees selected by the Administrator of
Rural Utilities Service, and will be awarded points as described in the scoring
criteria in 7 CFR 1739.17. Applications will be ranked and grants awarded in
rank order until all grant funds are expended.
C. Selection Process

Grant applications are ranked by final score. Rural Utilities Service selects
applications based on those rankings, subject to the availability of funds.
VI. Award Administration Information Back to Top
A. Award Notices

Rural Utilities Service recognizes that each funded project is unique, and
therefore may attach conditions to different projects' award documents. Rural
Utilities Service generally notifies applicants whose projects are selected for
awards by emailing a scanned copy of an award letter. Rural Utilities Service
follows the award letter with a grant agreement that contains all the terms and
conditions for the grant. An applicant must execute and return the grant
agreement, accompanied by any additional items required by the grant agreement.

B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements. The items listed in
paragraph IV.C.2.k of this notice, and the Community Connect Grant Program
regulation, application guide and accompanying materials implement the
appropriate administrative and national policy requirements.
C. Reporting

1. Performance reporting. All recipients of Community Connect Grant Program
financial assistance must provide annual performance activity reports to RUS
until the project is complete and the funds are expended. A final performance
report is also required; the final report may serve as the last annual report.
The final report must include an evaluation of the success of the project. See 7
CFR 1739.19.

2. Financial reporting. All recipients of Community Connect Grant Program
financial assistance must provide an annual audit, beginning with the first year
a portion of the financial assistance is expended. Audits are governed by United
States Department of Agriculture audit regulations. See 7 CFR 1739.20.

3. Recipient and Subrecipient Reporting. The applicant must have the necessary
processes and systems in place to comply with the reporting requirements for
first-tier sub-awards and executive compensation under the Federal Funding
Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 in the event the applicant receives
funding unless such applicant is exempt from such reporting requirements
pursuant to 2 CFR part 170, § 170.110(b). The reporting requirements under the
Transparency Act pursuant to 2 CFR part 170 are as follows:

a. First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more (unless they are exempt under 2 CFR
part 170) must be reported by the Recipient to http://www.fsrs.gov no later than
the end of the month following the month the obligation was made.

b. The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (5 most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient (if the Recipient
meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to http://www.sam.gov by the end of the
month following the month in which the award was made.

c. The Total Compensation of the Subrecipient's Executives (5 most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Subrecipient (if the
Subrecipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to the Recipient by the
end of the month following the month in which the subaward was made.
VII. Agency Contacts Back to Top

A. Web site: http://www.usda.gov/rus/commconnect.htm. This Web site maintains
up-to-date resources and contact information for the Community Connect Grant
Program.

B. Phone: 202-690-4673

C. Fax: 202-690-4389

D. Main point of contact: Kenneth Kuchno, Director, Broadband Division, Rural
Utilities Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture.

For more information please visit: https://www.federalregister.gov/

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               3 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                           December 23, 2014 Tuesday

Support grant for rural broadband

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 317 words


WASHINGTON &GT;&GT; USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner
announced USDA Rural Development is soliciting applications for Fiscal Year (FY)
2015 Community Connect Program grants. The program provides grants to establish
essential broadband services in rural communities where it is currently not
available.

"Many rural communities in New Mexico do not have access to broadband," said
Brunner. "USDA's Community Connect Grant Program ensures that rural residents
have the ability to run businesses, get the most from their education, and
benefit from the infinite services that fast, reliable broadband provides."

The minimum amount of grants awarded will be $100,000; the maximum is
$3,000,000. The deadline for applications to be submitted is February 17, 2015.

Last year, USDA announced new rules to better target Community Connect grants to
areas where they are needed the most. To view the rules, go to:
http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/FR-2013-05-03 /pdf/2013-10502.pdf

Since its inception, the Community Connect program has funded 237 projects with
investments of $149 million.

Here in New Mexico the Community Connect program was used to provide wireless
broadband services to the communities of Manzano in the East Mountains and to
Los Cerrillos, New Mexico southwest of Santa Fe. For two years both communities
received free broadband internet access at their respective community centers.
The residents were also provided free computer access and training at their
community centers.

For more information, see page 75120 of the December 17, 2014 Federal Register.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way   strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2014 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                               4 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 17, 2014 Wednesday

Announcement of Grant Application Deadlines and Funding Levels

LENGTH: 5039  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


Action

Notice Of Solicitation Of Applications (Nosa).
Summary

The Rural Utilities Service, a Rural Development agency of the United States
Department of Agriculture (USDA), herein referred to as RUS or the Agency,
announces its Community Connect Grant Program application window for Fiscal Year
(FY) 2015. This notice is being issued prior to passage of a final
appropriations act to allow potential applicants time to submit proposals and
give the Agency time to process applications within the current fiscal year. RUS
will publish on its Web site the amount of funding received in any continuing
resolution or the final appropriations act, if any. Expenses incurred in
developing applications will be at the applicant's risk.

In addition to announcing the application window, RUS announces the minimum and
maximum amounts for Community Connect grants applicable for the fiscal year. The
Community Connect Grant Program regulations can be found at 7 CFR 1739, subpart
A.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    Overview
    Items in Supplementary Information
    I. Funding Opportunity
    II. Award Information
    A. Available Funds
    B. Community Connect grants cannot be renewed.
    III. Eligibility Information
    A. Who is eligible for a Community Connect grant? (See 7 CFR 1739.10.)
    B. Who is not eligible for Community Connect grants?
    C. What are the basic eligibility requirements for a project?
    C. Discussion of completed application items
    IV. Application and Submission Information
    A. Where To Get Application Information
    B. What constitutes a completed application?
    C. How many copies of an application are required?
    D. How and Where To Submit an Application
    E. Deadlines
    F. Funding Purposes
    V. Application Review Information
    A. Criteria
    B. Special consideration areas
    C. Review Standards
    D. Selection Process
    VI. Award Administration Information
    A. Award Notices
    B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements
    C. Reporting
    VII. Agency Contacts

DATES: Back to Top

You may submit completed applications for grants on paper or electronically
according to the following deadlines:

Paper copies must carry proof of shipping no later than February 17, 2015 to be
eligible for FY 2015 grant funding. Late applications are not eligible for FY
2015 grant funding.
    Electronic copies must be received by February 17, 2015 to be eligible for
FY 2015 grant funding. Late applications are not eligible for FY 2015 grant
funding.

ADDRESSES: Back to Top

You may obtain application guides and materials for the Community Connect Grant
Program via the Internet at the following Web site:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/utp_commconnect.html. You may also request
application guides and materials from RUS by contacting the appropriate
individual listed in section VII of the SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION section of
this notice.

Submit completed paper applications for grants to the Rural Utilities Service,
U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Room 2808, STOP
1597, Washington, DC 20250-1597. Applications should be marked "Attention:
Deputy Assistant Administrator, Loan Origination and Approval Division, Rural
Utilities Service."

Submit electronic grant applications at http://www.grants.gov (Grants.gov),
following the instructions you find on that Web site.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Shawn Arner, Deputy Assistant Administrator, Loan Origination and Approval
Division, Rural Utilities Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, telephone:
(202) 720-0800, fax: (202) 205-2921.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top
Overview Back to Top

Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service (RUS).

Funding Opportunity Title: Community Connect Grant Program.

Announcement Type: Initial announcement.

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.863.

Dates: You may submit completed applications for grants on paper or
electronically according to the following deadlines:

Paper copies must carry proof of shipping no later than February 17, 2015, to be
eligible for FY 2015 grant funding. Late applications are not eligible for FY
2015 grant funding.
    Electronic copies must be received by February 17, 2015, to be eligible for
FY 2015 grant funding. Late applications are not eligible for FY 2015 grant
funding.

Items in Supplementary Information Back to Top

I. Funding Opportunity: Brief introduction to the Community Connect Grant
Program.

II. Award Information: Minimum and maximum amounts.

III. Eligibility Information: Who is eligible, what kinds of projects are
eligible, what criteria determine basic eligibility.

IV. Application and Submission Information: Where to get application materials,
what constitutes a completed application, how and where to submit applications,
deadlines, items that are eligible.

V. Application Review Information: Considerations and preferences, scoring
criteria, review standards, selection information.

VI. Award Administration Information: Award notice information, award recipient
reporting requirements.

VII. Agency Contacts: Web, phone, fax, email, contact name.
I. Funding Opportunity Back to Top

RUS improves the quality of life in rural America by providing investment
capital, in the form of loans and grants, for the deployment of rural
telecommunications infrastructure. Financial assistance is provided to rural
utilities; municipalities; commercial corporations; limited liability companies;
public utility districts; Indian tribes; and cooperative, nonprofit,
limited-dividend, or mutual associations. In order to achieve the goal of
increasing economic opportunity in rural America, the Agency finances
infrastructure that enables access to a seamless, nation-wide telecommunications
network. With access to the same advanced telecommunications networks of its
urban counterparts, especially broadband networks designed to accommodate
distance learning, telework and telemedicine, rural America will see improving
educational opportunities, health care, economies, safety and security, and
ultimately higher employment. Of particular concern to the Agency are
communities where broadband service is not available and where population
densities are such that the cost of deployment to them is high and buildout of
infrastructure is unlikely.

The provision of broadband service is vital to the economic development,
education, health, and safety of rural Americans. The purpose of the Community
Connect Grant Program is to provide financial assistance in the form of grants
to eligible applicants that will provide currently unserved areas, on a "
community-oriented connectivity" basis, with broadband service that fosters
economic growth and delivers enhanced educational, health care, and public
safety services. RUS will give priority to rural areas that have the greatest
need for broadband services, based on the criteria contained herein.

Grant authority will be used for the deployment of broadband service to
extremely rural, lower-income communities on a "community-oriented connectivity"
basis. The "community-oriented connectivity" concept will stimulate practical,
everyday uses and applications of broadband facilities by cultivating the
deployment of new broadband services that improve economic development and
provide enhanced educational and health care opportunities in rural areas. Such
an approach will also give rural communities the opportunity to benefit from the
advanced technologies that are necessary to achieve these goals. Please see 7
CFR part 1739, subpart A, for specifics.

This notice has been formatted to conform to a policy directive issued by the
Office of Federal Financial Management (OFFM) of the Office of Management and
Budget (OMB), published in the Federal Register on June 23, 2003. This Notice
does not change the Community Connect Grant Program regulation (7 CFR 1739,
subpart A).

The definitions applicable to this Notice are published at 7 CFR 1739.3.

The Agency will review, evaluate, and score applications received in response to
this Notice based on the provisions found in 7 CFR 1739, subpart A, and as
indicated in this notice.
II. Award Information Back to Top
A. Available Funds

1. General. Under 7 CFR 1739.2, the Administrator has established a minimum
grant amount of $100,000 and a maximum grant amount of $3,000,000 for FY 2015.

2. Assistance instrument. RUS will execute grant documents appropriate to the
project prior to any advance of funds with successful applicants.
B. Community Connect grants cannot be renewed.

Award documents specify the term of each award.
III. Eligibility Information Back to Top
A. Who is eligible for a Community Connect grant? (See 7 CFR 1739.10.)

1. Only entities legally organized as one of the following are eligible for
Community Connect Grant Program financial assistance:

a. An incorporated organization,

b. An Indian tribe or tribal organization, as defined in 25 U.S.C. 450b (e),

c. A state or local unit of government, or

d. A cooperative, private corporation or limited liability company organized on
a for-profit or not-for-profit basis.

2. An applicant must have the legal capacity and authority to own and operate
the broadband facilities as proposed in their application, to enter into
contracts and to otherwise comply with applicable federal statutes and
regulations.

3. An applicant must have an active registration with current information in the
System for Award Management (SAM) (previously the Central Contractor Registry
(CCR)) at https://www.sam.gov and have a Dun and Bradstreet (D&B) Data Universal
Numbering System (DUNS) number.
B. Who is not eligible for Community Connect grants?

Individuals are not eligible for Community Connect Grant Program financial
assistance directly.
C. What are the basic eligibility requirements for a project?

1. General. The regulation for the Community Connect Grant Program requires that
certain definitions affecting eligibility be revised and published from
time-to-time by the Agency in the Federal Register. For the purpose of this
regulation, the Agency shall use the following definitions: "Broadband service"
and "Broadband Grant Speed." Until otherwise revised in the Federal Register,
for applications in FY 2015, to qualify as Broadband Service, the minimum rate
of data transmission shall be three megabits per second (download plus upload
speeds)for both fixed and mobile service and the Broadband Grant Speed will be a
minimum bandwidth of five megabits per second (download plus upload speeds) for
both fixed and mobile service to the customer.

2. Required matching contributions. Please see 7 CFR 1739.14 for the
requirement. Grant applicants must demonstrate a matching contribution, in cash,
of at least fifteen (15) percent of the total amount of financial assistance
requested. Matching contributions must be used to support the broadband
operations funded under the Community Connect Grant Program.

3. To be eligible for a grant, the Project must (see 7 CFR 1739.11):

a. Serve a Proposed Funded Service Area where Broadband Service does not
currently exist, to be verified by RUS prior to the award of the grant;

b. Offer service at the Broadband Grant Speed, free of all charges for at least
2 years, to all Critical Community Facilities located within the proposed
Service Area;

c. Offer service at the Broadband Grant Speed to all residential and business
customers within the Proposed Funded Service Area; and

d. Provide a Community Center with at least two (2) Computer Access Points and
wireless access at the Broadband Grant Speed available, free of charge, to all
users for at least 2 years.

e. Not overlap with the Service area of current RUS borrowers and grantees.

4. Other requirements:

a. DUNS numbers and SAM registration: Applicants must have a Dun and Bradstreet
DUNS number and be registered in System Awards Management (SAM) at
https://www.sam.gov prior to submitting an electronic or paper application. The
DUNS number and SAM requirements are contained in 2 CFR part 25. SAM is the
repository for standard information about applicants and recipients.

b. DUNS Number: As required by the OMB, all applicants for grants must supply a
Dun and Bradstreet DUNS number when applying. The Standard Form 424 (SF-424)
contains a field for you to use when supplying your DUNS number. Obtaining a
DUNS number costs nothing and requires a short telephone call to Dun and
Bradstreet. Please see http://www.grants.gov/applicants/org_step1.jsp for more
information on how to obtain a DUNS number or how to verify your organization's
number.

c. System for Award Management (SAM): In accordance with 2 CFR part 25,
applicants, whether applying electronically or by paper, must be registered in
SAM prior to submitting an application. Applicants may register for the SAM at
https://www.sam.gov. The SAM registration must remain active, with current
information, at all times during which an entity has an application under
consideration by an agency or has an active Federal Award. To remain registered
in the SAM database after the initial registration, the applicant is required to
review and update on an annual basis from the date of initial registration or
subsequent updates of its information in the SAM database to ensure it is
current, accurate and complete.
C. Discussion of completed application items

See paragraph IV.B of this notice for a discussion of the items that make up a
completed application. Refer to 7 CFR 1739.15 for completed grant application
items.
IV. Application and Submission Information Back to Top
A. Where To Get Application Information

The application guide, copies of necessary forms and samples, and the Community
Connect Grant Program regulation are available from these sources:

1. The Internet: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/utp_commconnect.html.

2. The Rural Utilities Service, Loan Origination and Approval Division, for
paper copies of these materials: (202) 720-0800.
B. What constitutes a completed application?

1. Detailed information on each item required can be found in the Community
Connect Grant Program regulation and the Community Connect Grant Program
application guide. Applicants are strongly encouraged to read and apply both the
regulation and the application guide. This Notice does not change the
requirements for a completed application for any form of Community Connect Grant
Program financial assistance specified in the Community Connect Grant Program
regulation. The Community Connect Grant Program regulation and the application
guide provide specific guidance on each of the items listed and the Community
Connect Grant Program application guide provides all necessary forms and sample
worksheets.

2. Applications should be prepared in conformance with the provisions in 7 CFR
1739, subpart A, and applicable USDA regulations including 7 CFR parts 3015,
3016, and 3019. Applicants must use the RUS Application Guide for this program
containing instructions and all necessary forms, as well as other important
information, in preparing their application. Completed applications must include
the following:

a. An Application for Federal Assistance. A completed Standard Form (SF) 424.

b. An executive summary of the Project. The applicant must provide RUS with a
general project overview.

c. Scoring criteria documentation. Each grant applicant must address and provide
documentation on how it meets each of the scoring criteria detailed in 7 CFR
1739.17.

d. System design. The applicant must submit a system design, including,
narrative specifics of the proposal, associated costs, maps, engineering design
studies, technical specifications and system capabilities, etc.

e. Service area demographics. The applicant must provide a map of the Proposed
Funded Service Area using the RUS Mapping Tool.

f. Scope of work. The scope of work must include specific activities and
services to be performed under the proposal, who will carry out the activities
and services, specific time-frames for completion, and a budget for all capital
and administrative expenditures reflecting the line item costs for all grant
purposes, the matching contribution, and other sources of funds necessary to
complete the project.

g. Community-Oriented Connectivity Plan. The applicant must provide a detailed
Community-Oriented Connectivity Plan.

h. Financial information and sustainability. The applicant must provide
financial statements and information and a narrative description demonstrating
the sustainability of the Project.

i. A statement of experience. The applicant must provide a written narrative
describing its demonstrated capability and experience, if any, in operating a
broadband telecommunications system.

j. Evidence of legal authority and existence. The applicant must provide
evidence of its legal existence and authority to enter into a grant agreement
with RUS and to perform the activities proposed under the grant application.

k. Additional Funding. If the Project requires additional funding from other
sources in addition to the RUS grant, the applicant must provide evidence that
funding agreements have been obtained to ensure completion of the Project.

l. Federal Compliance. The applicant must provide evidence of compliance with
other federal statutes and regulations, including, but not limited to the
following:

(i) 7 CFR part 15, subpart A--Nondiscrimination in Federally Assisted Programs
of the Department of Agriculture--Effectuation of Title VI of the Civil Rights
Act of 1964.

(ii) 7 CFR part 3015--Uniform Federal Assistance Regulations.

(iii) 2 CFR part 180--OMB Guidelines to Agencies on Government-wide Debarment
and Suspension (Nonprocurement)

(iv) 2 CFR part 417--Nonprocurement Debarment and Suspension.

(v) 7 CFR part 3018--New Restrictions on Lobbying.

(vi) 2 CFR part 421--Government-wide Requirements for Drug-Free Workplace
(Financial Assistance).

(vii) Certification regarding Architectural Barriers.

(viii) Certification regarding Flood Hazard Precautions.

(ix) An environmental report/questionnaire, in accordance with 7 CFR 1794.

(x) A certification that grant funds will not be used to duplicate lines,
facilities, or systems providing Broadband Service.

(xi) Federal Obligation Certification on Delinquent Debt.
C. How many copies of an application are required?

1. Applications submitted on paper: Submit the original paper application and a
copy in electronic format to RUS.

2. Applications submitted through Grants.gov: The additional paper copies are
not necessary if you submit the application electronically through Grants.gov.
D. How and Where To Submit an Application

Grant applications may be submitted on paper or through Grants.gov.

1. Submitting applications on paper.

a. Address paper applications for grants to the Rural Utilities Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Room 2808, STOP 1597,
Washington, DC 20250-1597. Applications should be marked "Attention: Deputy
Assistant Administrator, Loan Origination and Approval Division, Rural Utilities
Service."

b. Paper applications must show proof of mailing or shipping consisting of one
of the following:

(i) A legibly dated U.S. Postal Service (USPS) postmark;

(ii) A legible mail receipt with the date of mailing stamped by the USPS; or

(iii) A dated shipping label, invoice, or receipt from a commercial carrier.

c. Due to screening procedures at the Department of Agriculture, packages
arriving via the USPS are irradiated, which can damage the contents. RUS
encourages applicants to consider the impact of this procedure in selecting
their application delivery method.

2. Applications submitted through Grants.gov.

(a) Applicants may file an electronic application at http://www.grants.gov.
Applications will not be accepted via facsimile machine transmission or
electronic mail. Grants.gov contains full instructions on all required
passwords, credentialing, and software. Follow the instructions at Grants.gov
for registering and submitting an electronic application. If a system problem or
technical difficulty occurs with an electronic application, please use the
customer support resources available at the Grants.gov Web site.

(b) First time Grants.gov users should go to the "Get Started" tab on the
Grants.gov site and carefully read and follow the steps listed. These steps need
to be initiated early in the application process to avoid delays in submitting
your application online.
E. Deadlines

1. Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight
no later than February 17, 2015 to be eligible for FY 2015 grant funding. Late
applications are not eligible for FY 2015 grant funding.

2. Grant applications submitted through Grants.gov must be received by February
17, 2015 to be eligible for FY 2015 funding. Late applications are not eligible
for FY 2015 grant funding.
F. Funding Purposes

1. Eligible grant purposes. Grant funds may be used to finance:

a. The construction, acquisition, or leasing of facilities, including spectrum,
land or buildings to deploy service at the Broadband Grant Speed to all
participating Critical Community Facilities and all required facilities needed
to offer such service to all residential and business customers located within
the Proposed Funded Service Area;

b. The improvement, expansion, construction, or acquisition of a Community
Center that furnishes free internet access at the Broadband Grant Speed and
provision of Computer Access Points. Grant funds provided for such costs shall
not exceed the lesser of ten percent (10%) of the grant amount requested or
$150,000; and

c. The cost of bandwidth to provide service free of charge at the Broadband
Grant Speed to Critical Community Facilities for the first 2 years of operation.

2. Ineligible grant purposes.

a. Grant funds may not be used to finance the duplication of any existing
Broadband Service provided by another entity.

b. Operating expenses other than the cost of bandwidth for 2 years to provide
service at the Broadband Grant Speed to Critical Community Facilities.

3. Please see 7 CFR 1739.3 for definitions, 7 CFR 1739.12 for eligible grant
purposes, and 7 CFR 1739.13 for ineligible grant purposes.
V. Application Review Information Back to Top
A. Criteria

1. Grant applications are scored competitively and subject to the criteria
listed below.

2. Grant application scoring criteria (total possible points: 100). See 7 CFR
1739.17 for the items that will be reviewed during scoring and for scoring
criteria.

a. An analysis of the challenges of the following criteria, laid out on a
community-wide basis, and how the project proposes to address these issues (up
to 50 points): 1. The economic characteristics; 2. Educational Challenges; 3.
Health care needs; 4. Public safety issues; and 5. Small Area Income and Poverty
Estimates (applications that according to the 2010 census show that at least 20
percent of the population of the counties included in core coverage areas is
living in poverty) will receive the maximum score in this category. This
emphasis will support Rural Development's mission of improving the quality of
life for Rural Americans and commitment to directing resources to those who most
need them.

b. The extent of the Project's planning, development, and support by local
residents, institutions, and Critical Community Facilities (up to 40 points);

c. The level of experience and past success of operating broadband systems for
the management team (up to 10 points); and

d. In making a final selection among and between applications with comparable
rankings and geographic distribution, the Administrator may take into
consideration the characteristics of the Proposed Funded Service Area (PFSA).
B. Special consideration areas

RUS will offer special consideration to applications that propose to provide
broadband service within a trust area or a tribal jurisdictional area. Such
applications will be awarded 15 points. The applicant will need to submit
evidence indicating that the proposed service area is located in a trust area or
a tribal jurisdictional area.

RUS will use one or more of the following resources in determining whether a
proposed service area is located in a trust area or tribal jurisdictional area:

(a) Official maps of Federal Indian Reservations based on information compiled
by the U.S. Department of the Interior, Bureau of Indian Affairs, and made
available to the public;

(b) Title Status Reports issued by the U.S. Department of the Interior, Bureau
of Indian Affairs, showing that title to such land is held in trust or is
subject to restrictions imposed by the United States;

(c) Trust Asset and Accounting Management System data, maintained by the
Department of the Interior, Bureau of Indian Affairs;

(d) Official maps of the Department of Hawaiian Homelands of the State of Hawaii
identifying land that has been given the status of Hawaiian home lands under the
provisions of section 204 of the Hawaiian Homes Commission Act, 1920;

(e) Official records of the U.S. Department of the Interior, the State of
Alaska, or such other documentation of ownership as the RUS may determine to be
satisfactory, showing that title is owned by a Regional Corporation or a Village
Corporation as such terms are defined in the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act
(43 U.S.C. 1451 et seq.); and

(f) Any other evidence submitted by the applicant that is satisfactory to RUS to
establish that area where the end-user site is located is a trust area or a
tribal jurisdictional area within the meaning of 38 U.S.C. 3765(1).
C. Review Standards

1. All applications for grants must be delivered to RUS at the address and by
the date specified in this notice or electronically submitted by the deadline
(see also 7 CFR 1739.2) to be eligible for funding. The Agency will review each
application for conformance with the provisions of this part. RUS may contact
the applicant for additional information or clarification.

2. Incomplete applications as of the deadline for submission will not be
considered. If an application is determined to be incomplete, the applicant will
be notified in writing and the application will be returned with no further
action.

3. Applications conforming with this part will then be evaluated competitively
by a panel of Rural Utilities Service employees selected by the Administrator of
Rural Utilities Service, and will be awarded points as described in the scoring
criteria in 7 CFR 1739.17. Applications will be ranked and grants awarded in
rank order until all grant funds are expended.
D. Selection Process

Grant applications are ranked by final score. The Rural Utilities Service
selects applications based on those rankings, subject to the availability of
funds and consistent with 7 CFR 1739.17.
VI. Award Administration Information Back to Top
A. Award Notices

The Rural Utilities Service recognizes that each funded project is unique, and
therefore may attach conditions to different projects' award documents. RUS
generally notifies applicants whose projects are selected for awards by emailing
a scanned copy of an award letter. RUS follows the award letter with a grant
agreement that contains all the terms and conditions for the grant. An applicant
must execute and return the grant agreement, accompanied by any additional items
required by the grant agreement.
B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements

The items listed in paragraph IV.B.2.l. of this notice, and the Community
Connect Grant Program regulation, application guide and accompanying materials
implement the appropriate administrative and national policy requirements.
C. Reporting

1. Performance reporting. All recipients of Community Connect Grant Program
financial assistance must provide annual performance activity reports to RUS
until the project is complete and the funds are expended. A final performance
report is also required; the final report may serve as the last annual report.
The final report must include an evaluation of the success of the project. See 7
CFR 1739.19.

2. Financial reporting. All recipients of Community Connect Grant Program
financial assistance must provide an annual audit, beginning with the first year
a portion of the financial assistance is expended. Audits are governed by United
States Department of Agriculture audit regulations. See 7 CFR 1739.20.

3. Recipient and Subrecipient Reporting. The applicant must have the necessary
processes and systems in place to comply with the reporting requirements for
first-tier sub-awards and executive compensation under the Federal Funding
Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 in the event the applicant receives
funding unless such applicant is exempt from such reporting requirements
pursuant to 2 CFR 170.110(b). The reporting requirements under the Transparency
Act pursuant to 2 CFR part 170 are as follows:

a. First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more (unless they are exempt under 2 CFR
part 170) must be reported by the Recipient to http://www.fsrs.gov no later than
the end of the month following the month the obligation was made.

b. The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (5 most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient (if the Recipient
meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to http://www.sam.gov by the end of the
month following the month in which the award was made.

c. The Total Compensation of the Subrecipient's Executives (5 most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Subrecipient (if the
Subrecipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to the Recipient by the
end of the month following the month in which the subaward was made.
VII. Agency Contacts Back to Top

A. Web site: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/utp_commconnect.html. This Web site
maintains up-to-date resources and contact information for the Community Connect
Grant Program.

B. Phone: (202) 720-0800

C. Fax: (202) 205-2921

D. Main point of contact: Shawn Arner, Deputy Assistant Administrator, Loan
Origination and Approval Division, Rural Utilities Service, U.S. Department of
Agriculture.

Dated: December 11, 2014.

Jasper Schneider,

Acting Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               5 of 998 DOCUMENTS



              Mineral County Independent-News (Hawthorne, Nevada)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 10, 2012

Grant provides broadband to Nevada tribes

BYLINE: Mineral County Independent-News staff

LENGTH: 308  words


WASHINGTON<br></![CDATA[WASHINGTON

</br>- Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack yesterday announced that USDA is
accepting applications through the Community Connect Broadband program for
grants to provide broadband service to residents of remote, rural communities.

"Ensuring that all Americans have access to reliable broadband is a key part of
the Obama Administration's effort to help create jobs and expand economic
opportunities in rural areas," Vilsack said. "These grants not only are critical
for businesses and residents, they also help first responders, educators and
health care professionals by providing them with access to broadband service."

Community Connect grants are made available to the most rural, unserved and
economically challenged areas. The funds are used to build broadband
infrastructure. Awardees are also required to establish community centers that
offer free public access to broadband.

In 2008, two Nevada applicants, the Fallon Paiute Shoshone Tribe, and the
Arizona Nevada Tower Corporation-on behalf of the Walker Lake Volunteer Fire
Department and Walker River Paiute Tribe, received Community Connect funding.

The Fallon Tribe's grant for $432,000 was used to provide wireless broadband
services to the Fallon Indian Reservation and Colony, and to build a computer
lab in the tribe's community center. The Arizona Nevada Tower Corporation's
$993,704 grant was used to provide broadband access in the Walker Lake area and
to install a computer center at the Walker Lake Volunteer Fire Department.

Information on available funding and application requirements are published on
page 26241 of the May 3,2012 Federal Register. More information on Community
Connect Grants, including the application guide, can be viewed on the USDA Rural
Development Community Connect website at http://www.rurdev.usda.
gov/utp_commconnect. html

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Technology

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MCI

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                 Copyright 2012 Mineral County Independent-News


                               6 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 18, 2016 Monday

Announcement of Grant Application Deadlines and Funding Levels; Community
Connect Grant Program

LENGTH: 5503  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Utilities Service
(RUS)



 Action Notice of Funds Availability (NOFA). Summary The Rural Utilities Service
(RUS), an agency of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), herein
referred to as RUS or the Agency, announces its Community Connect Grant Program
application window for Fiscal Year (FY) 2016. This notice is being issued in
order to allow potential applicants time to submit proposals and give the Agency
time to process applications within the current fiscal year. In addition to
announcing the application window, RUS announces the minimum and maximum amounts
for Community Connect grants applicable for the fiscal year. The Community
Connect Grant Program regulation can be found at 7 CFR part 1739 (Subpart A).
Dates Submit completed paper or electronic applications for grants according to
the following deadlines: Paper submissions: Paper submissions must be postmarked
and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no later than June 17, 2016 to be
eligible for FY 2016 grant funding.

Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for FY 2016 grant funding.
Electronic submissions: Electronic submissions must be received no later than
June 17, 2016 to be eligible for FY 2016 grant funding. Late or incomplete
applications will not be eligible for FY 2016 grant funding. If the submission
deadline falls on Saturday, Sunday, or a Federal holiday, the application is due
the next business day. Addresses Copies of the FY 2016 Application Guide and
materials for the Community Connect Grant Program may be obtained through: (1)
The Community Connect Web site at http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
community-connect-grants or (2) The RUS Office of Loan Origination and Approval
at 202-720-0800. Completed applications may be submitted the following ways: (1)
Paper: Mail paper applications to the Rural Utilities Service,
Telecommunications Program, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Room 2808, STOP 1597,
Washington, DC 20250-1597. Mark address with "Attention: Deputy Assistant
Administrator, Office of Loan Origination and Approval, Rural Utilities
Service." (2) Electronic: Submit electronic applications through Grants.gov.
Information on electronic submission is available on the Grants.gov Web site
(http://www.grants.gov) at any time, regardless of registration status. However,
applicants must pre-register with Grants.gov to use the electronic applications
option. For Further Information Contact Shawn Arner, Deputy Assistant
Administrator, Office of Loan Origination and Approval, Rural Utilities Service,
U.S. Department of Agriculture, telephone: (202) 720-0800, fax: 1-884-885-8179.
Supplementary Information Overview Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service
(RUS). Funding Opportunity Title: Community Connect Grant Program. Announcement
Type: Initial announcement. Funding Opportunity Number: RDRUS-CC-2016. Catalog
of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.863. Dates: Submit completed
paper or electronic applications for grants according to the deadlines indicated
in Section D(5). A. Program Description The purpose of the Community Connect
Grant Program is to provide financial assistance in the form of grants to
eligible applicants that will provide broadband service to currently unserved,
lower-income, and extremely rural areas. This broadband service is intended to
foster economic growth and deliver enhanced educational, health care, and public
safety services on a community-oriented connectivity basis. RUS will give
priority to rural areas that have the greatest need for broadband services,
based on the criteria contained herein. Grant authority will be used for the
deployment of broadband service to extremely rural, lower-income communities on
a community-oriented connectivity basis. By cultivating the deployment of new
broadband services, the community-oriented connectivity concept will stimulate
innovative uses and practical applications of the new broadband facilities in
order to improve economic development and provide enhanced educational and
health care opportunities in rural areas. Such an approach will also give rural
communities the opportunity to benefit from the advanced technologies necessary
to achieve these goals. The regulation for the Community Connect Program can be
found at 7 CFR part 1739 (Subpart A). As in years past, the FY 2016 Community
Connect Grant Application Guide has been updated based on program experience.
All applicants should carefully review and prepare their applications according
to instructions in the FY 2016 Application Guide and sample materials. Expenses
incurred in developing applications will be at the applicant's own risk. B.
Federal Award Information $11,740,000 is available for grants. Under 7 CFR
1739.2, the Administrator established a minimum grant amount of $100,000 and a
maximum grant amount of $3,000,000 for FY 2016. The standard grant agreement,
which specifies the term of each award, is available at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/UTP_Comm_ConnectGrantAgreement.pdf. The Agency will
make awards, and successful applicants will be required to execute documents
appropriate to the project before the Agency will advance funding. While prior
Community Connect grants cannot be renewed, existing Community Connect awardees
may submit applications for new projects, which the Agency will evaluate as new
applications. All grant applications must be submitted during the application
window. C. Eligibility Information 1. ELIGIBLE APPLICANTS (SEE 7 CFR 1739.10) a.
Only entities legally organized as one of the following are eligible for
Community Connect Grant Program financial assistance: i. An incorporated
organization; ii. An Indian tribe or tribal organization, as defined in 25
U.S.C. 450b; iii. A state or local unit of government; or iv. A cooperative,
private corporation, or limited liability company organized on a for-profit or
not-for-profit basis. b. Applicants must have the legal capacity and authority
to enter into contracts, to comply with applicable federal statutes and
regulations, and to own and operate the broadband facilities as proposed in
their application. c. Applicants must have an active registration with current
information in the System for Award Management (SAM) (previously the Central
Contractor Registry (CCR)) at https://www.sam.gov and have a Dun and Bradstreet
(D&B) Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number. Further information
regarding SAM registration and DUNS number acquisition can be found in Sections
D(3) and D(4) of this Notice. 2. INELIGIBLE APPLICANTS a. Individuals and
partnerships are not eligible for financial assistance. b. Corporations that
have been convicted of a Federal felony within the past 24 months are not
eligible. Any corporation that has been assessed to have any unpaid federal tax
liability, for which all judicial and administrative remedies have been
exhausted or have lapsed and is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an
agreement with the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability, is
not eligible for financial assistance. c. In accordance with the Consolidated
Appropriations Act, 2016, Sections 743-4, an entity that requires employees or
contractors of such entity seeking to report fraud, waste, or abuse to sign
internal confidentiality agreements or statements prohibiting or otherwise
restricting such employees or contractors from lawfully reporting such waste,
fraud, or abuse to a designated investigative or law enforcement representative
of a Federal department or agency authorized to receive such information is not
eligible for financial assistance. 3. COST SHARING OR MATCHING The Community
Connect Program requires matching contributions for grants. See 7 CFR 1739.14
and the FY 2016 Application Guide for information on required matching
contributions. a. Grant applicants must demonstrate matching contributions in
cash of at least fifteen percent (15%) of the total amount of financial
assistance requested. Matching contributions must be used for eligible purposes
of Community Connect grant assistance, as discussed in 7 CFR 1739.12, 7 CFR
1739.13, and Section D(6) of this Notice for more information. b. Applications
that do not provide sufficient documentation of the required fifteen percent
match will be declared ineligible. 4. OTHER Eligible projects must propose to
fulfill the following requirements (see 7 CFR 1739.11 for more information): a.
Minimum Broadband Service Requirements. Until otherwise revised in the Federal
Register, for applications in FY 2016, to qualify as Broadband Service, the
minimum rate-of-data transmission is four megabits per second downstream plus
one megabit per second upstream for both fixed and mobile broadband service. b.
Minimum Broadband Grant Speed. The minimum bandwidth that an applicant must
propose to deliver to every customer in the proposed funded service area is ten
megabits downstream and one megabit upstream for both fixed and mobile service
to the customer. c. Rural Area. A Rural Area refers to any area, as confirmed by
the most recent decennial Census of the United States, which is not located
within: i. A city, town, or incorporated area that has a population of greater
than 20,000 inhabitants; or ii. An urbanized area contiguous and adjacent to a
city or town that has a population of greater than 50,000 inhabitants. For
purposes of the definition of Rural Area, an urbanized area means a densely
populated territory as defined in the most recent decennial Census. d. Proposed
Funded Service Area (PFSA). Applicants must propose a contiguous geographic area
within an eligible Rural Area or eligible Rural Areas, in which Broadband
Service does not currently exist, and where the applicant proposes to offer
service at the Broadband Grant Speed to all residential and business customers.
A PFSA must not overlap with the Service Areas of current RUS borrowers and
grantees. e. Critical Community Facilities. Applicants must propose to offer
service, free of charge to users, at the Broadband Grant Speed to all Critical
Community Facilities located within the Proposed Funded Service Area for at
least two (2) years. f. Community Center. Applicants must propose to provide a
Community Center with at least two (2) Computer Access Points and wireless
access at the Broadband Grant Speed free of charge to users for at least two (2)
years. D. Application and Submission Information The FY 2016 Application Guide
provides specific detailed instructions for each item in a complete application.
The Agency emphasizes the importance of including every required item and
strongly encourages applicants to follow the instructions carefully, using the
examples and illustrations in the FY 2016 Application Guide. Applications
submitted by the application deadline, but have critical missing items will be
returned as ineligible. The Agency will not solicit or consider scoring or
eligibility information that is submitted after the application deadline.
However, depending on the specific scoring criteria, applications that do not
include all items necessary for scoring may still be eligible applications, but
may not receive full or any credit if the information cannot be verified. See
the FY 2016 Application Guide for a full discussion of each required item. For
requirements of completed grant applications, refer to 7 CFR 1739.15. 1. ADDRESS
TO REQUEST APPLICATION PACKAGE The FY 2016 Application Guide, copies of
necessary forms and samples, and the Community Connect Grant Program Regulation
are available at: a. Electronic copies at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/community-connect-grants and b. Paper
copies from the Rural Utilities Service, Office of Loan Origination and
Approval, 202-720-0800. 2. CONTENT AND FORM OF APPLICATION SUBMISSION a.
Carefully review the Community Connect Application Guide and the 7 CFR part
1739, which detail all necessary forms and worksheets. A table summarizing the
necessary components of a complete application can be found at Section D(2)(d).
b. Submission of Application Items. Given the high volume of program interest,
applicants should submit the required application items in the order indicated
in the FY 2016 Application Guide. Applications that are not assembled and tabbed
in the specified order prevent timely determination of eligibility. For
applications with inconsistencies among submitted copies, the Agency will base
its evaluation on the original signed application received. c. Additional
Information. The Agency may ask for additional or clarifying information for
applications submitted by the deadline which appear to meet the eligibility
requirements, but require further review. d. Table of Required Elements of a
Completed Grant Application. This table summarizes the items required for
submission and the category into which they fall. &emsp; Application item
Regulation Comments A. Application for Federal Assistance Form Form provided in
FY 2016 Application Tool Kit. SF-424 Standard Form     A-2 SAM Registration
Information Form provided in FY 2016 Application Tool Kit. A-3 State Director
Notification Form provided in FY 2016 Application Tool Kit. A-4 Equal
Opportunity Survey Form provided in FY 2016 Application Tool Kit. B. Executive
Summary of the Project Narrative. C. Scoring Criteria Documentation Narrative &
Documentation. Special Considerations Documentation. D. System Design Narrative
& Documentation. Network Diagram Documentation. Environmental Questionnaire 7
CFR part 1970 Narrative & Documentation. E. Service Area Map Provided in RUS
web-based Mapping Tool. Service Area Demographics Documentation. F. Scope of
Work Narrative & Documentation. Construction Build-out and Project Milestones
Form provided in FY 2016 Application Tool Kit. Project Budget Form provided in
FY 2016 Application Tool Kit. G. Community-oriented Connectivity Plan Narrative.
H. Financial Information and Sustainability Narrative & Documentation. I.
Statement of Experience Narrative J. Evidence of Legal Authority and Existence
Documentation K. Additional Funding Narrative & Documentation. L. Compliance
with Other Statutes and Regulations     Equal Opportunity and Nondiscrimination
7 CFR part 15 (Subpart A) Form provided in FY 2016 Application Tool Kit. Uniform
Relocation Assistance and Real Property Acquisition Policies Act of 1970 49 CFR
part 24 and 7 CFR part 21 Form provided in FY 2016 Application Tool Kit.
Debarment, Suspension, and Other Responsibility Matters 7 CFR part 3017 Form
provided in FY 2016 Application Tool Kit. Lobbying for Contracts, Grants, Loans,
and Cooperative Agreements 7 CFR part 3018 Form provided in FY 2016 Application
Tool Kit. Drug-Free Workplace 7 CFR part 3017 Form provided in FY 2016
Application Tool Kit. Architectural Barriers Form provided in FY 2016
Application Tool Kit. Flood Hazard Area Precautions 7 CFR 1970 Form provided in
FY 2016 Application Tool Kit. Non-Duplication of Services Form provided in FY
2016 Application Tool Kit. Federal Collection Policies for Commercial Debt Form
provided in FY 2016 Application Tool Kit. Assurance Regarding Felony Conviction
or Tax Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants Form provided in FY 2016
Application Tool Kit (corporate applicants--only). e. Number of copies of
submitted applications. i. Applications submitted on paper. Submit the original
application and two (2) copies to RUS. ii. Applications submitted
electronically. Submit the electronic application once. Carefully read the FY
2016 Application Guide for guidance on submitting an electronic application.
Applicants should identify and number each page in the same manner as the paper
application. 3. DUN AND BRADSTREET UNIVERSAL NUMBERING SYSTEM (DUNS) NUMBER The
applicant for a grant must supply a Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering
System (DUNS) number as part of the application. The Standard Form 424 (SF-424)
contains a field for the DUNS number. The applicant can obtain the DUNS number
free of charge by calling Dun and Bradstreet. Go to
http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform for more information on DUNS number acquisition or
confirmation. 4. SYSTEM FOR AWARD MANAGEMENT (SAM) Prior to submitting a paper
or an electronic application, the applicant must register in the System for
Award Management (SAM) at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/. Throughout the
RUS application review and the active Federal grant funding period, SAM
registration must be active with current data at all times. To maintain active
SAM registration, the applicant must review and update the information in the
SAM database annually from the date of initial registration or from the date of
the last update. The applicant must ensure that the information in the database
is current, accurate, and complete. 5. SUBMISSION DATES AND TIMES a. Paper
applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no later
than June 17, 2016 to be eligible for FY 2016 grant funding. Late applications,
applications which do not include proof of mailing or shipping, and incomplete
applications are not eligible for FY 2016 grant funding. If the submission
deadline falls on Saturday, Sunday, or a Federal holiday, the application is due
the next business day. In the event of an incomplete application, the Agency
will notify the applicant in writing, return the application, and terminate all
further action. i. Address paper applications to the Telecommunications Program,
RUS, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Room 2808, STOP
1597, Washington, DC 20250-1597. Applications should be marked, "Attention:
Deputy Assistant Administrator, Office of Loan Origination and Approval." ii.
Paper applications must show proof of mailing or shipping by the deadline
consisting of one of the following: A. A legibly dated U.S. Postal Service
(USPS) postmark; B. A legible mail receipt with the date of mailing stamped by
the USPS; or C. A dated shipping label, invoice, or receipt from a commercial
carrier. iii. Due to screening procedures at the U.S. Department of Agriculture,
packages arriving via regular mail through the USPS are irradiated, which can
damage the contents and delay delivery to the Community Connect Program. RUS
encourages applicants to consider the impact of this procedure in selecting
their application delivery method. b. Electronic grant applications must be
received no later than June 17, 2016 to be eligible for FY 2016 funding. Late or
incomplete applications will not be eligible for FY 2016 grant funding. i.
Applications will not be accepted via fax or electronic mail. ii. Electronic
applications for grants must be submitted through the Federal government's
Grants.gov initiative at http://www.grants.gov/. Grants.gov contains full
instructions on all required passwords, credentialing, and software. iii.
Grants.gov requires some credentialing and online authentication procedures.
These procedures may take several business days to complete. Therefore, the
applicant should complete the registration, credentialing, and authorization
procedures at Grants.gov before submitting an application. iv. Dun and
Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering System. The applicant for a grant must
supply a Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number as
part of the application. See section D(3) of this Notice for more information.
v. System for Award Management. Grants.gov requires that the applicant's
organization is registered in the System for Award Management (SAM). Be sure to
obtain the organization's SAM listing well in advance of the application
deadline. See section D(4) of this Notice for more information. vi. RUS
encourages applicants who wish to apply through Grants.gov to submit their
applications in advance of the deadline. vii. If system errors or technical
difficulties occur, use the customer support resources available at the Grants.
gov Web site. 6. FUNDING RESTRICTIONS a. Eligible grant purposes. Grant funds
may be used to finance: i. The construction, acquisition, or leasing of
facilities, including spectrum, land or buildings to deploy service at the
Broadband Grant Speed to all participating Critical Community Facilities and all
required facilities needed to offer such service to all residential and business
customers located within the Proposed Funded Service Area; ii. The improvement,
expansion, construction, or acquisition of a Community Center that furnishes
free internet access at the Broadband Grant Speed and provision of Computer
Access Points. Grant funds provided for such costs shall not exceed the lesser
of ten percent (10%) of the grant amount requested or $150,000; and iii. The
cost of bandwidth to provide service free of charge at the Broadband Grant Speed
to Critical Community Facilities for the first two (2) years of operation. b.
Ineligible grant purposes. Grant funds may not be used to finance: i. The
duplication of any existing Broadband Service provided by another entity; ii.
Operating expenses other than the cost of bandwidth for two (2) years to provide
service at the Broadband Grant Speed to Critical Community Facilities; or iii.
Any other operating expenses not specifically permitted in 7 CFR 1739.12. c.
Other. For more information, see 7 CFR 1739.3 for definitions, 7 CFR 1739.12 for
eligible grant purposes, and 7 CFR 1739.13 for ineligible grant purposes. E.
Application Review Information 1. CRITERIA Grant applications are scored
competitively and are subject to the criteria listed below (total possible
points: 115. See 7 CFR 1739.17 and the FY 2016 Application Guide for more
information on the scoring criteria): a. Needs Category. An analysis of the
challenges of the following criteria, laid out on a community-wide basis, and
how the project proposes to address these issues (up to 50 points): i. Economic
characteristics; ii. Educational challenges; iii. Health care needs; and iv.
Public safety issues. b. Stakeholder Involvement Category. The extent of the
Project's planning, development, and support from local residents, institutions,
and Critical Community Facilities (up to 40 points); c. Experience Category. The
level of experience and past success of broadband systems operation for the
management team (up to 10 points); d. Special Consideration Areas Category. In
accordance with 7 CFR 1739.1(a), applicants may receive special consideration if
they submit documentation demonstrating that they will provide broadband service
within the following areas (15 points): i. Tribal jurisdiction or trust areas,
iii. Promise Zone (for further information, see the Promise Zone Web site at
http://www.hud.gov/promisezones/, or iv. Strike Force area (for further
information, see the Strikeforce Web site at
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usda?navid=STRIKE_FORCE). e. In making a
final selection among and between applications with comparable rankings and
geographic distribution, the Administrator may take into consideration the
characteristics of the Proposed Funded Service Area (PFSA), as identified in 7
CFR 1739.17(d). 2. REVIEW AND SELECTION PROCESS Grant applications are ranked by
the final score. RUS selects applications based on those rankings, subject to
the availability of funds and consistent with 7 CFR 1739.17. In addition, it
should be noted that an application receiving fewer points can be selected over
a higher scoring application in the event that there are insufficient funds
available to cover the costs of the higher scoring application, as stated in 7
CFR 1739.16(f). a. In addition to the scoring criteria that rank applications
against each other, the Agency evaluates grant applications on the following
items, in accordance with 7 CFR 1739.16: i. Financial feasibility. A proposal
that does not indicate financial feasibility or that is not sustainable will not
be approved for an award. ii. Technical considerations. An application that
contains flaws that would prevent the successful implementation, operation, or
sustainability of the project will not be approved for an award. b. Applications
conforming with this part will then be evaluated competitively and ranked by a
panel of RUS employees that the Administrator of RUS selects, and will be
awarded points as described in the scoring criteria in 7 CFR 1739.17.
Applications will be ranked and grants awarded in order until all grant funds
are expended. d. The Agency reserves the right to offer the applicant a lower
amount than the amount proposed in the application, as stated in 7 CFR
1739.16(g). F. Federal Award Administration Information 1. FEDERAL AWARD NOTICES
a. Successful applications. i. Recipient notification. RUS notifies applicants
whose projects are selected for awards by mailing or emailing a copy of the
award letter. The receipt of an award letter does not authorize the applicant to
commence performance under the award. After sending the award letter, the Agency
will send an agreement that contains all the terms and conditions, as referenced
in 7 CFR 1739.18 and Section B of this Notice. A copy of the standard agreement
is posted on the RUS Web site at http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
community-connect-grants. The Rural Utilities Service recognizes that each
funded project is unique, and therefore may attach conditions to different
projects' award documents. An applicant must execute and return the grant
agreement, accompanied by any additional items required by the agreement, within
the number of days specified in the selection notice letter. 2. ADMINISTRATIVE
AND NATIONAL POLICY REQUIREMENTS The items listed in this Notice, the Community
Connect Grant Program regulation, the FY2016 Application Guide, and accompanying
materials implement the appropriate administrative and national policy
requirements, which include, but are not limited to: a. Executing a Community
Connect Grant Agreement; b. Using Form SF 270, "Request for Advance or
Reimbursement," to request reimbursements (along with the submission of receipts
for expenditures, timesheets, and any other documentation to support the request
for reimbursement); c. Providing annual project performance activity reports
until the expiration of the award; d. Ensuring that records are maintained to
document all activities and expenditures utilizing Community Connect grant funds
and matching funds (receipts for expenditures are to be included in this
documentation); e. Providing a final project performance report; f. Complying
with policies, guidance, and requirements as described in the following
applicable Code of Federal Regulations, and any successor regulations; i. 2 CFR
parts 200 and 400 (Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles, and
Audit Requirements for Federal Awards), ii. 2 CFR part 417 (Nonprocurement
Debarment and Suspension), iii. 2 CFR part 180 (Government-wide Debarment and
Suspension); g. Signing Form AD-3031 ("Assurance Regarding Felony Conviction or
Tax Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants") (for corporate applicants
only); and h. Complying with Executive Order 13166, "Improving Access to
Services for Persons with Limited English Proficiency." For information on
limited English proficiency and agency-specific guidance, go to
http://www.LEP.gov. 3. REPORTING a. Performance reporting. All recipients of
Community Connect Grant Program financial assistance must provide annual
performance activity reports to RUS until the project is complete and the funds
are expended. A final performance report is also required; the final report may
serve as the last annual report. The final report must include an evaluation of
the success of the project in meeting the Community Connect Grant Program
objectives. See 7 CFR 1739.19 and 2 CFR 200.328 for additional information on
these reporting requirements. b. Financial reporting. All recipients of
Community Connect Grant Program financial assistance must provide an annual
audit, beginning with the first year in which a portion of the financial
assistance is expended. Audits are governed by United States Department of
Agriculture audit regulations. See 7 CFR 1739.20 and 2 CFR part 200 (Subpart F)
for a description of the financial reporting requirements. c. Recipient and
Sub-recipient Reporting. The applicant must have the necessary processes and
systems in place to comply with the reporting requirements for first-tier
sub-awards and executive compensation under the Federal Funding Accountability
and Transparency Act of 2006 in the event the applicant receives funding unless
such applicant is exempt from such reporting requirements pursuant to 2 CFR
170.110(b). The reporting requirements under the Transparency Act pursuant to 2
CFR 170 are as follows: i. First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more (unless they
are exempt under 2 CFR part 170) must be reported by the Recipient to
https://www.fsrs.gov no later than the end of the month following the month the
obligation was made. Please note that currently underway is a consolidation of
eight federal procurement systems, including the Federal Sub-award Reporting
System (FSRS), into one system, the System for Award Management (SAM). As a
result, the FSRS will soon be consolidated into and accessed through
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/. ii. The Total Compensation of the
Recipient's Executives (the five most highly compensated executives) must be
reported by the Recipient (if the Recipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part
170) to https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ by the end of the month following
the month in which the award was made. iii. The Total Compensation of the
Sub-recipient's Executives (the five most highly compensated executives) must be
reported by the Sub-recipient (if the Sub-recipient meets the criteria under 2
CFR part 170) to the Recipient by the end of the month following the month in
which the sub-award was made. d. Record Keeping and Accounting. The contract
will contain provisions related to record keeping and accounting requirements.
G. Federal Awarding Agency Contacts 1. Web site:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/community-connect-grants. This site
maintains up-to-date resources and contact information for the Community Connect
Grant Program. 2. Telephone: 202-720-0800. 3. Fax: 1-844-885-8179. 4. Email:
community.connect@wdc.usda.gov 5. Main Point of Contact: Shawn Arner, Deputy
Assistant Administrator, Office of Loan Origination and Approval, Rural
Utilities Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture. H. Other Information 1. USDA
NON-DISCRIMINATION STATEMENT USDA prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the bases of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and
where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is derived
from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in
employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by USDA. (Not all
prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or employment activities.) 2.
HOW TO FILE A COMPLAINT a. Equal Employment Opportunity Complaint. Individuals
who wish to file an employment complaint must contact their Agency's EEO
Counselor within 45 days of the date of the alleged discriminatory act, event,
or in the case of a personnel action. Additional information can be found online
at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_file.html. b. Program
Discrimination Complaint. Individuals who wish to file a Program Discrimination
Complaint must complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF),
found online at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html or at any
USDA office, or call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. A letter may also be
written containing all of the information requested in the form. Send the
completed complaint form or letter by mail to the U.S. Department of
Agriculture, Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax (202) 690-7442, or email at
program.intake@usda.gov 3. PERSONS WITH DISABILITIES Individuals who are deaf,
hard of hearing, or have speech disabilities and wish to file either an EEO or
program complaint may contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800)
877-8339 (English) or (800) 845-6136 (Spanish). Persons with disabilities who
wish to file a program complaint, please see information above on how to contact
USDA by mail or email. Individuals who require alternative means of
communication for program information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape,
etc.) may contact USDA's TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD). Dated:
March 21, 2016. Joshua Cohen Deputy Administrator, Rural Utilities Service. [FR
Doc. 2016-08931 Filed 4-15-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               7 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 17, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Announcement of Grant Application Deadlines and Funding Levels

LENGTH: 4963  words

DATELINE: Washington


Federal Register, The Government of USA has issued the following notice:

[Federal Register Volume 79, Number 242 (Wednesday, December 17, 2014)]
[Notices]
[Pages 75120-75124]
From the Federal Register Online via the Government Printing Office
[www.gpo.gov]
[FR Doc No: 2014-29600]


=======================================================================
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE

Rural Utilities Service


Announcement of Grant Application Deadlines and Funding Levels

AGENCY: Rural Utilities Service, USDA.

ACTION: Notice of solicitation of applications (NOSA).

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY: The Rural Utilities Service, a Rural Development agency of the
United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), herein referred to as
RUS or the Agency, announces its Community Connect Grant Program
application window for Fiscal Year (FY) 2015. This notice is being
issued prior to passage of a final appropriations act to allow
potential applicants time to submit proposals and give the Agency time
to process applications within the current fiscal year. RUS will
publish on its Web site the amount of funding received in any
continuing resolution or the final appropriations act, if any. Expenses
incurred in developing applications will be at the applicant's risk.
 In addition to announcing the application window, RUS announces the
minimum and maximum amounts for Community Connect grants applicable for
the fiscal year. The Community Connect Grant Program regulations can be
found at 7 CFR 1739, subpart A.

DATES: You may submit completed applications for grants on paper or
electronically according to the following deadlines:
 Paper copies must carry proof of shipping no later than
February 17, 2015 to be eligible for FY 2015 grant funding. Late
applications are not eligible for FY 2015 grant funding.
 Electronic copies must be received by February 17, 2015 to
be eligible for FY 2015 grant funding. Late applications are not
eligible for FY 2015 grant funding.

ADDRESSES: You may obtain application guides and materials for the
Community Connect Grant Program via the Internet at the following Web
site: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/utp_commconnect.html. You may also
request application guides and materials from RUS by contacting the
appropriate individual listed in section VII of the SUPPLEMENTARY
INFORMATION section of this notice.
 Submit completed paper applications for grants to the Rural
Utilities Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence
Ave. SW., Room 2808, STOP 1597, Washington, DC 20250-1597. Applications
should be marked ``Attention: Deputy Assistant Administrator, Loan
Origination and Approval Division, Rural Utilities Service.''
 Submit electronic grant applications at http://www.grants.gov
(Grants.gov), following the instructions you find on that Web site.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Shawn Arner, Deputy Assistant
Administrator, Loan Origination and

[[Page 75121]]

Approval Division, Rural Utilities Service, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, telephone: (202) 720-0800, fax: (202) 205-2921.

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

Overview

Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service (RUS).
 Funding Opportunity Title: Community Connect Grant Program.
 Announcement Type: Initial announcement.
 Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.863.
 Dates: You may submit completed applications for grants on paper or
electronically according to the following deadlines:
 Paper copies must carry proof of shipping no later than
February 17, 2015, to be eligible for FY 2015 grant funding. Late
applications are not eligible for FY 2015 grant funding.
 Electronic copies must be received by February 17, 2015,
to be eligible for FY 2015 grant funding. Late applications are not
eligible for FY 2015 grant funding.

Items in Supplementary Information

I. Funding Opportunity: Brief introduction to the Community
Connect Grant Program.
 II. Award Information: Minimum and maximum amounts.
 III. Eligibility Information: Who is eligible, what kinds of
projects are eligible, what criteria determine basic eligibility.
 IV. Application and Submission Information: Where to get
application materials, what constitutes a completed application, how
and where to submit applications, deadlines, items that are
eligible.
 V. Application Review Information: Considerations and
preferences, scoring criteria, review standards, selection
information.
 VI. Award Administration Information: Award notice information,
award recipient reporting requirements.
 VII. Agency Contacts: Web, phone, fax, email, contact name.

I. Funding Opportunity

RUS improves the quality of life in rural America by providing
investment capital, in the form of loans and grants, for the deployment
of rural telecommunications infrastructure. Financial assistance is
provided to rural utilities; municipalities; commercial corporations;
limited liability companies; public utility districts; Indian tribes;
and cooperative, nonprofit, limited-dividend, or mutual associations.
In order to achieve the goal of increasing economic opportunity in
rural America, the Agency finances infrastructure that enables access
to a seamless, nation-wide telecommunications network. With access to
the same advanced telecommunications networks of its urban
counterparts, especially broadband networks designed to accommodate
distance learning, telework and telemedicine, rural America will see
improving educational opportunities, health care, economies, safety and
security, and ultimately higher employment. Of particular concern to
the Agency are communities where broadband service is not available and
where population densities are such that the cost of deployment to them
is high and buildout of infrastructure is unlikely.
 The provision of broadband service is vital to the economic
development, education, health, and safety of rural Americans. The
purpose of the Community Connect Grant Program is to provide financial
assistance in the form of grants to eligible applicants that will
provide currently unserved areas, on a ``community-oriented
connectivity'' basis, with broadband service that fosters economic
growth and delivers enhanced educational, health care, and public
safety services. RUS will give priority to rural areas that have the
greatest need for broadband services, based on the criteria contained
herein.
 Grant authority will be used for the deployment of broadband
service to extremely rural, lower-income communities on a ``community-
oriented connectivity'' basis. The ``community-oriented connectivity''
concept will stimulate practical, everyday uses and applications of
broadband facilities by cultivating the deployment of new broadband
services that improve economic development and provide enhanced
educational and health care opportunities in rural areas. Such an
approach will also give rural communities the opportunity to benefit
from the advanced technologies that are necessary to achieve these
goals. Please see 7 CFR part 1739, subpart A, for specifics.
 This notice has been formatted to conform to a policy directive
issued by the Office of Federal Financial Management (OFFM) of the
Office of Management and Budget (OMB), published in the Federal
Register on June 23, 2003. This Notice does not change the Community
Connect Grant Program regulation (7 CFR 1739, subpart A).
 The definitions applicable to this Notice are published at 7 CFR
1739.3.
 The Agency will review, evaluate, and score applications received
in response to this Notice based on the provisions found in 7 CFR 1739,
subpart A, and as indicated in this notice.

II. Award Information

A. Available Funds

1. General. Under 7 CFR 1739.2, the Administrator has established a
minimum grant amount of $100,000 and a maximum grant amount of
$3,000,000 for FY 2015.
 2. Assistance instrument. RUS will execute grant documents
appropriate to the project prior to any advance of funds with
successful applicants.

B. Community Connect grants cannot be renewed.

Award documents specify the term of each award.

III. Eligibility Information

A. Who is eligible for a Community Connect grant? (See 7 CFR 1739.10.)

1. Only entities legally organized as one of the following are
eligible for Community Connect Grant Program financial assistance:
 a. An incorporated organization,
 b. An Indian tribe or tribal organization, as defined in 25 U.S.C.
450b (e),
 c. A state or local unit of government, or
 d. A cooperative, private corporation or limited liability company
organized on a for-profit or not-for-profit basis.
 2. An applicant must have the legal capacity and authority to own
and operate the broadband facilities as proposed in their application,
to enter into contracts and to otherwise comply with applicable federal
statutes and regulations.
 3. An applicant must have an active registration with current
information in the System for Award Management (SAM) (previously the
Central Contractor Registry (CCR)) at https://www.sam.gov and have a
Dun and Bradstreet (D&B) Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number.

B. Who is not eligible for Community Connect grants?

Individuals are not eligible for Community Connect Grant Program
financial assistance directly.

C. What are the basic eligibility requirements for a project?

1. General. The regulation for the Community Connect Grant Program
requires that certain definitions affecting eligibility be revised and
published from time-to-time by the Agency in the Federal Register. For
the purpose of this regulation, the Agency shall use the following
definitions: ``Broadband service'' and ``Broadband Grant Speed.'' Until
otherwise revised in the Federal Register, for applications

[[Page 75122]]

in FY 2015, to qualify as Broadband Service, the minimum rate of data
transmission shall be three megabits per second (download plus upload
speeds)for both fixed and mobile service and the Broadband Grant Speed
will be a minimum bandwidth of five megabits per second (download plus
upload speeds) for both fixed and mobile service to the customer.
 2. Required matching contributions. Please see 7 CFR 1739.14 for
the requirement. Grant applicants must demonstrate a matching
contribution, in cash, of at least fifteen (15) percent of the total
amount of financial assistance requested. Matching contributions must
be used to support the broadband operations funded under the Community
Connect Grant Program.
 3. To be eligible for a grant, the Project must (see 7 CFR
1739.11):
 a. Serve a Proposed Funded Service Area where Broadband Service
does not currently exist, to be verified by RUS prior to the award of
the grant;
 b. Offer service at the Broadband Grant Speed, free of all charges
for at least 2 years, to all Critical Community Facilities located
within the proposed Service Area;
 c. Offer service at the Broadband Grant Speed to all residential
and business customers within the Proposed Funded Service Area; and
 d. Provide a Community Center with at least two (2) Computer Access
Points and wireless access at the Broadband Grant Speed available, free
of charge, to all users for at least 2 years.
 e. Not overlap with the Service area of current RUS borrowers and
grantees.
 4. Other requirements:
 a. DUNS numbers and SAM registration: Applicants must have a Dun
and Bradstreet DUNS number and be registered in System Awards
Management (SAM) at https://www.sam.gov prior to submitting an
electronic or paper application. The DUNS number and SAM requirements
are contained in 2 CFR part 25. SAM is the repository for standard
information about applicants and recipients.
 b. DUNS Number: As required by the OMB, all applicants for grants
must supply a Dun and Bradstreet DUNS number when applying. The
Standard Form 424 (SF-424) contains a field for you to use when
supplying your DUNS number. Obtaining a DUNS number costs nothing and
requires a short telephone call to Dun and Bradstreet. Please see
http://www.grants.gov/applicants/org_step1.jsp for more information on
how to obtain a DUNS number or how to verify your organization's
number.
 c. System for Award Management (SAM): In accordance with 2 CFR part
25, applicants, whether applying electronically or by paper, must be
registered in SAM prior to submitting an application. Applicants may
register for the SAM at https://www.sam.gov. The SAM registration must
remain active, with current information, at all times during which an
entity has an application under consideration by an agency or has an
active Federal Award. To remain registered in the SAM database after
the initial registration, the applicant is required to review and
update on an annual basis from the date of initial registration or
subsequent updates of its information in the SAM database to ensure it
is current, accurate and complete.

C. Discussion of completed application items

See paragraph IV.B of this notice for a discussion of the items
that make up a completed application. Refer to 7 CFR 1739.15 for
completed grant application items.

IV. Application and Submission Information

A. Where To Get Application Information

The application guide, copies of necessary forms and samples, and
the Community Connect Grant Program regulation are available from these
sources:
 1. The Internet: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/utp_commconnect.html.
 2. The Rural Utilities Service, Loan Origination and Approval
Division, for paper copies of these materials: (202) 720-0800.

B. What constitutes a completed application?

1. Detailed information on each item required can be found in the
Community Connect Grant Program regulation and the Community Connect
Grant Program application guide. Applicants are strongly encouraged to
read and apply both the regulation and the application guide. This
Notice does not change the requirements for a completed application for
any form of Community Connect Grant Program financial assistance
specified in the Community Connect Grant Program regulation. The
Community Connect Grant Program regulation and the application guide
provide specific guidance on each of the items listed and the Community
Connect Grant Program application guide provides all necessary forms
and sample worksheets.
 2. Applications should be prepared in conformance with the
provisions in 7 CFR 1739, subpart A, and applicable USDA regulations
including 7 CFR parts 3015, 3016, and 3019. Applicants must use the RUS
Application Guide for this program containing instructions and all
necessary forms, as well as other important information, in preparing
their application. Completed applications must include the following:
 a. An Application for Federal Assistance. A completed Standard Form
(SF) 424.
 b. An executive summary of the Project. The applicant must provide
RUS with a general project overview.
 c. Scoring criteria documentation. Each grant applicant must
address and provide documentation on how it meets each of the scoring
criteria detailed in 7 CFR 1739.17.
 d. System design. The applicant must submit a system design,
including, narrative specifics of the proposal, associated costs, maps,
engineering design studies, technical specifications and system
capabilities, etc.
 e. Service area demographics. The applicant must provide a map of
the Proposed Funded Service Area using the RUS Mapping Tool.
 f. Scope of work. The scope of work must include specific
activities and services to be performed under the proposal, who will
carry out the activities and services, specific time-frames for
completion, and a budget for all capital and administrative
expenditures reflecting the line item costs for all grant purposes, the
matching contribution, and other sources of funds necessary to complete
the project.
 g. Community-Oriented Connectivity Plan. The applicant must provide
a detailed Community-Oriented Connectivity Plan.
 h. Financial information and sustainability. The applicant must
provide financial statements and information and a narrative
description demonstrating the sustainability of the Project.
 i. A statement of experience. The applicant must provide a written
narrative describing its demonstrated capability and experience, if
any, in operating a broadband telecommunications system.
 j. Evidence of legal authority and existence. The applicant must
provide evidence of its legal existence and authority to enter into a
grant agreement with RUS and to perform the activities proposed under
the grant application.
 k. Additional Funding. If the Project requires additional funding
from other sources in addition to the RUS grant, the

[[Page 75123]]

applicant must provide evidence that funding agreements have been
obtained to ensure completion of the Project.
 l. Federal Compliance. The applicant must provide evidence of
compliance with other federal statutes and regulations, including, but
not limited to the following:
 (i) 7 CFR part 15, subpart A--Nondiscrimination in Federally
Assisted Programs of the Department of Agriculture--Effectuation of
Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964.
 (ii) 7 CFR part 3015--Uniform Federal Assistance Regulations.
 (iii) 2 CFR part 180--OMB Guidelines to Agencies on Government-wide
Debarment and Suspension (Nonprocurement)
 (iv) 2 CFR part 417--Nonprocurement Debarment and Suspension.
 (v) 7 CFR part 3018--New Restrictions on Lobbying.
 (vi) 2 CFR part 421--Government-wide Requirements for Drug-Free
Workplace (Financial Assistance).
 (vii) Certification regarding Architectural Barriers.
 (viii) Certification regarding Flood Hazard Precautions.
 (ix) An environmental report/questionnaire, in accordance with 7
CFR 1794.
 (x) A certification that grant funds will not be used to duplicate
lines, facilities, or systems providing Broadband Service.
 (xi) Federal Obligation Certification on Delinquent Debt.

C. How many copies of an application are required?

1. Applications submitted on paper: Submit the original paper
application and a copy in electronic format to RUS.
 2. Applications submitted through Grants.gov: The additional paper
copies are not necessary if you submit the application electronically
through Grants.gov.

D. How and Where To Submit an Application

Grant applications may be submitted on paper or through Grants.gov.
 1. Submitting applications on paper.
 a. Address paper applications for grants to the Rural Utilities
Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Ave. SW.,
Room 2808, STOP 1597, Washington, DC 20250-1597. Applications should be
marked ``Attention: Deputy Assistant Administrator, Loan Origination
and Approval Division, Rural Utilities Service.''
 b. Paper applications must show proof of mailing or shipping
consisting of one of the following:
 (i) A legibly dated U.S. Postal Service (USPS) postmark;
 (ii) A legible mail receipt with the date of mailing stamped by the
USPS; or
 (iii) A dated shipping label, invoice, or receipt from a commercial
carrier.
 c. Due to screening procedures at the Department of Agriculture,
packages arriving via the USPS are irradiated, which can damage the
contents. RUS encourages applicants to consider the impact of this
procedure in selecting their application delivery method.
 2. Applications submitted through Grants.gov.
 (a) Applicants may file an electronic application at http://www.grants.gov.
Applications will not be accepted via facsimile machine
transmission or electronic mail. Grants.gov contains full instructions
on all required passwords, credentialing, and software. Follow the
instructions at Grants.gov for registering and submitting an electronic
application. If a system problem or technical difficulty occurs with an
electronic application, please use the customer support resources
available at the Grants.gov Web site.
 (b) First time Grants.gov users should go to the ``Get Started''
tab on the Grants.gov site and carefully read and follow the steps
listed. These steps need to be initiated early in the application
process to avoid delays in submitting your application online.

E. Deadlines

1. Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or
sent overnight no later than February 17, 2015 to be eligible for FY
2015 grant funding. Late applications are not eligible for FY 2015
grant funding.
 2. Grant applications submitted through Grants.gov must be received
by February 17, 2015 to be eligible for FY 2015 funding. Late
applications are not eligible for FY 2015 grant funding.

F. Funding Purposes

1. Eligible grant purposes. Grant funds may be used to finance:
 a. The construction, acquisition, or leasing of facilities,
including spectrum, land or buildings to deploy service at the
Broadband Grant Speed to all participating Critical Community
Facilities and all required facilities needed to offer such service to
all residential and business customers located within the Proposed
Funded Service Area;
 b. The improvement, expansion, construction, or acquisition of a
Community Center that furnishes free internet access at the Broadband
Grant Speed and provision of Computer Access Points. Grant funds
provided for such costs shall not exceed the lesser of ten percent
(10%) of the grant amount requested or $150,000; and
 c. The cost of bandwidth to provide service free of charge at the
Broadband Grant Speed to Critical Community Facilities for the first 2
years of operation.
 2. Ineligible grant purposes.
 a. Grant funds may not be used to finance the duplication of any
existing Broadband Service provided by another entity.
 b. Operating expenses other than the cost of bandwidth for 2 years
to provide service at the Broadband Grant Speed to Critical Community
Facilities.
 3. Please see 7 CFR 1739.3 for definitions, 7 CFR 1739.12 for
eligible grant purposes, and 7 CFR 1739.13 for ineligible grant
purposes.

V. Application Review Information

A. Criteria

1. Grant applications are scored competitively and subject to the
criteria listed below.
 2. Grant application scoring criteria (total possible points: 100).
See 7 CFR 1739.17 for the items that will be reviewed during scoring
and for scoring criteria.
 a. An analysis of the challenges of the following criteria, laid
out on a community-wide basis, and how the project proposes to address
these issues (up to 50 points): 1. The economic characteristics; 2.
Educational Challenges; 3. Health care needs; 4. Public safety issues;
and 5. Small Area Income and Poverty Estimates (applications that
according to the 2010 census show that at least 20 percent of the
population of the counties included in core coverage areas is living in
poverty) will receive the maximum score in this category. This emphasis
will support Rural Development's mission of improving the quality of
life for Rural Americans and commitment to directing resources to those
who most need them.
 b. The extent of the Project's planning, development, and support
by local residents, institutions, and Critical Community Facilities (up
to 40 points);
 c. The level of experience and past success of operating broadband
systems for the management team (up to 10 points); and
 d. In making a final selection among and between applications with
comparable rankings and geographic distribution, the Administrator may
take into consideration the characteristics of the Proposed Funded
Service Area (PFSA).

[[Page 75124]]

B. Special consideration areas

RUS will offer special consideration to applications that propose
to provide broadband service within a trust area or a tribal
jurisdictional area. Such applications will be awarded 15 points. The
applicant will need to submit evidence indicating that the proposed
service area is located in a trust area or a tribal jurisdictional
area.
 RUS will use one or more of the following resources in determining
whether a proposed service area is located in a trust area or tribal
jurisdictional area:
 (a) Official maps of Federal Indian Reservations based on
information compiled by the U.S. Department of the Interior, Bureau of
Indian Affairs, and made available to the public;
 (b) Title Status Reports issued by the U.S. Department of the
Interior, Bureau of Indian Affairs, showing that title to such land is
held in trust or is subject to restrictions imposed by the United
States;
 (c) Trust Asset and Accounting Management System data, maintained
by the Department of the Interior, Bureau of Indian Affairs;
 (d) Official maps of the Department of Hawaiian Homelands of the
State of Hawaii identifying land that has been given the status of
Hawaiian home lands under the provisions of section 204 of the Hawaiian
Homes Commission Act, 1920;
 (e) Official records of the U.S. Department of the Interior, the
State of Alaska, or such other documentation of ownership as the RUS
may determine to be satisfactory, showing that title is owned by a
Regional Corporation or a Village Corporation as such terms are defined
in the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1451 et seq.);
and
 (f) Any other evidence submitted by the applicant that is
satisfactory to RUS to establish that area where the end-user site is
located is a trust area or a tribal jurisdictional area within the
meaning of 38 U.S.C. 3765(1).

C. Review Standards

1. All applications for grants must be delivered to RUS at the
address and by the date specified in this notice or electronically
submitted by the deadline (see also 7 CFR 1739.2) to be eligible for
funding. The Agency will review each application for conformance with
the provisions of this part. RUS may contact the applicant for
additional information or clarification.
 2. Incomplete applications as of the deadline for submission will
not be considered. If an application is determined to be incomplete,
the applicant will be notified in writing and the application will be
returned with no further action.
 3. Applications conforming with this part will then be evaluated
competitively by a panel of Rural Utilities Service employees selected
by the Administrator of Rural Utilities Service, and will be awarded
points as described in the scoring criteria in 7 CFR 1739.17.
Applications will be ranked and grants awarded in rank order until all
grant funds are expended.

D. Selection Process

Grant applications are ranked by final score. The Rural Utilities
Service selects applications based on those rankings, subject to the
availability of funds and consistent with 7 CFR 1739.17.

VI. Award Administration Information

A. Award Notices

The Rural Utilities Service recognizes that each funded project is
unique, and therefore may attach conditions to different projects'
award documents. RUS generally notifies applicants whose projects are
selected for awards by emailing a scanned copy of an award letter. RUS
follows the award letter with a grant agreement that contains all the
terms and conditions for the grant. An applicant must execute and
return the grant agreement, accompanied by any additional items
required by the grant agreement.

B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements

The items listed in paragraph IV.B.2.l. of this notice, and the
Community Connect Grant Program regulation, application guide and
accompanying materials implement the appropriate administrative and
national policy requirements.

C. Reporting

1. Performance reporting. All recipients of Community Connect Grant
Program financial assistance must provide annual performance activity
reports to RUS until the project is complete and the funds are
expended. A final performance report is also required; the final report
may serve as the last annual report. The final report must include an
evaluation of the success of the project. See 7 CFR 1739.19.
 2. Financial reporting. All recipients of Community Connect Grant
Program financial assistance must provide an annual audit, beginning
with the first year a portion of the financial assistance is expended.
Audits are governed by United States Department of Agriculture audit
regulations. See 7 CFR 1739.20.
 3. Recipient and Subrecipient Reporting. The applicant must have
the necessary processes and systems in place to comply with the
reporting requirements for first-tier sub-awards and executive
compensation under the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency
Act of 2006 in the event the applicant receives funding unless such
applicant is exempt from such reporting requirements pursuant to 2 CFR
170.110(b). The reporting requirements under the Transparency Act
pursuant to 2 CFR part 170 are as follows:
 a. First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more (unless they are exempt
under 2 CFR part 170) must be reported by the Recipient to http://www.fsrs.gov
no later than the end of the month following the month the
obligation was made.
 b. The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (5 most
highly compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient (if
the Recipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to http://www.sam.gov by
the end of the month following the month in which the
award was made.
 c. The Total Compensation of the Subrecipient's Executives (5 most
highly compensated executives) must be reported by the Subrecipient (if
the Subrecipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to the
Recipient by the end of the month following the month in which the
subaward was made.

VII. Agency Contacts

A. Web site: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/utp_commconnect.html. This
Web site maintains up-to-date resources and contact information for the
Community Connect Grant Program.
 B. Phone: (202) 720-0800
 C. Fax: (202) 205-2921
 D. Main point of contact: Shawn Arner, Deputy Assistant
Administrator, Loan Origination and Approval Division, Rural Utilities
Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture.

Dated: December 11, 2014.
Jasper Schneider,
Acting Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.
[FR Doc. 2014-29600 Filed 12-16-14; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE P


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               8 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 17, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Announcement of Grant Application Deadlines and Funding Levels

LENGTH: 4963  words

DATELINE: Washington


Federal Register, The Government of USA has issued the following notice:

[Federal Register Volume 79, Number 242 (Wednesday, December 17, 2014)]
[Notices]
[Pages 75120-75124]
From the Federal Register Online via the Government Printing Office
[www.gpo.gov]
[FR Doc No: 2014-29600]


=======================================================================
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE

Rural Utilities Service


Announcement of Grant Application Deadlines and Funding Levels

AGENCY: Rural Utilities Service, USDA.

ACTION: Notice of solicitation of applications (NOSA).

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SUMMARY: The Rural Utilities Service, a Rural Development agency of the
United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), herein referred to as
RUS or the Agency, announces its Community Connect Grant Program
application window for Fiscal Year (FY) 2015. This notice is being
issued prior to passage of a final appropriations act to allow
potential applicants time to submit proposals and give the Agency time
to process applications within the current fiscal year. RUS will
publish on its Web site the amount of funding received in any
continuing resolution or the final appropriations act, if any. Expenses
incurred in developing applications will be at the applicant's risk.
 In addition to announcing the application window, RUS announces the
minimum and maximum amounts for Community Connect grants applicable for
the fiscal year. The Community Connect Grant Program regulations can be
found at 7 CFR 1739, subpart A.

DATES: You may submit completed applications for grants on paper or
electronically according to the following deadlines:
 Paper copies must carry proof of shipping no later than
February 17, 2015 to be eligible for FY 2015 grant funding. Late
applications are not eligible for FY 2015 grant funding.
 Electronic copies must be received by February 17, 2015 to
be eligible for FY 2015 grant funding. Late applications are not
eligible for FY 2015 grant funding.

ADDRESSES: You may obtain application guides and materials for the
Community Connect Grant Program via the Internet at the following Web
site: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/utp_commconnect.html. You may also
request application guides and materials from RUS by contacting the
appropriate individual listed in section VII of the SUPPLEMENTARY
INFORMATION section of this notice.
 Submit completed paper applications for grants to the Rural
Utilities Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence
Ave. SW., Room 2808, STOP 1597, Washington, DC 20250-1597. Applications
should be marked ``Attention: Deputy Assistant Administrator, Loan
Origination and Approval Division, Rural Utilities Service.''
 Submit electronic grant applications at http://www.grants.gov
(Grants.gov), following the instructions you find on that Web site.

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Shawn Arner, Deputy Assistant
Administrator, Loan Origination and

[[Page 75121]]

Approval Division, Rural Utilities Service, U.S. Department of
Agriculture, telephone: (202) 720-0800, fax: (202) 205-2921.

SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:

Overview

Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service (RUS).
 Funding Opportunity Title: Community Connect Grant Program.
 Announcement Type: Initial announcement.
 Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.863.
 Dates: You may submit completed applications for grants on paper or
electronically according to the following deadlines:
 Paper copies must carry proof of shipping no later than
February 17, 2015, to be eligible for FY 2015 grant funding. Late
applications are not eligible for FY 2015 grant funding.
 Electronic copies must be received by February 17, 2015,
to be eligible for FY 2015 grant funding. Late applications are not
eligible for FY 2015 grant funding.

Items in Supplementary Information

I. Funding Opportunity: Brief introduction to the Community
Connect Grant Program.
 II. Award Information: Minimum and maximum amounts.
 III. Eligibility Information: Who is eligible, what kinds of
projects are eligible, what criteria determine basic eligibility.
 IV. Application and Submission Information: Where to get
application materials, what constitutes a completed application, how
and where to submit applications, deadlines, items that are
eligible.
 V. Application Review Information: Considerations and
preferences, scoring criteria, review standards, selection
information.
 VI. Award Administration Information: Award notice information,
award recipient reporting requirements.
 VII. Agency Contacts: Web, phone, fax, email, contact name.

I. Funding Opportunity

RUS improves the quality of life in rural America by providing
investment capital, in the form of loans and grants, for the deployment
of rural telecommunications infrastructure. Financial assistance is
provided to rural utilities; municipalities; commercial corporations;
limited liability companies; public utility districts; Indian tribes;
and cooperative, nonprofit, limited-dividend, or mutual associations.
In order to achieve the goal of increasing economic opportunity in
rural America, the Agency finances infrastructure that enables access
to a seamless, nation-wide telecommunications network. With access to
the same advanced telecommunications networks of its urban
counterparts, especially broadband networks designed to accommodate
distance learning, telework and telemedicine, rural America will see
improving educational opportunities, health care, economies, safety and
security, and ultimately higher employment. Of particular concern to
the Agency are communities where broadband service is not available and
where population densities are such that the cost of deployment to them
is high and buildout of infrastructure is unlikely.
 The provision of broadband service is vital to the economic
development, education, health, and safety of rural Americans. The
purpose of the Community Connect Grant Program is to provide financial
assistance in the form of grants to eligible applicants that will
provide currently unserved areas, on a ``community-oriented
connectivity'' basis, with broadband service that fosters economic
growth and delivers enhanced educational, health care, and public
safety services. RUS will give priority to rural areas that have the
greatest need for broadband services, based on the criteria contained
herein.
 Grant authority will be used for the deployment of broadband
service to extremely rural, lower-income communities on a ``community-
oriented connectivity'' basis. The ``community-oriented connectivity''
concept will stimulate practical, everyday uses and applications of
broadband facilities by cultivating the deployment of new broadband
services that improve economic development and provide enhanced
educational and health care opportunities in rural areas. Such an
approach will also give rural communities the opportunity to benefit
from the advanced technologies that are necessary to achieve these
goals. Please see 7 CFR part 1739, subpart A, for specifics.
 This notice has been formatted to conform to a policy directive
issued by the Office of Federal Financial Management (OFFM) of the
Office of Management and Budget (OMB), published in the Federal
Register on June 23, 2003. This Notice does not change the Community
Connect Grant Program regulation (7 CFR 1739, subpart A).
 The definitions applicable to this Notice are published at 7 CFR
1739.3.
 The Agency will review, evaluate, and score applications received
in response to this Notice based on the provisions found in 7 CFR 1739,
subpart A, and as indicated in this notice.

II. Award Information

A. Available Funds

1. General. Under 7 CFR 1739.2, the Administrator has established a
minimum grant amount of $100,000 and a maximum grant amount of
$3,000,000 for FY 2015.
 2. Assistance instrument. RUS will execute grant documents
appropriate to the project prior to any advance of funds with
successful applicants.

B. Community Connect grants cannot be renewed.

Award documents specify the term of each award.

III. Eligibility Information

A. Who is eligible for a Community Connect grant? (See 7 CFR 1739.10.)

1. Only entities legally organized as one of the following are
eligible for Community Connect Grant Program financial assistance:
 a. An incorporated organization,
 b. An Indian tribe or tribal organization, as defined in 25 U.S.C.
450b (e),
 c. A state or local unit of government, or
 d. A cooperative, private corporation or limited liability company
organized on a for-profit or not-for-profit basis.
 2. An applicant must have the legal capacity and authority to own
and operate the broadband facilities as proposed in their application,
to enter into contracts and to otherwise comply with applicable federal
statutes and regulations.
 3. An applicant must have an active registration with current
information in the System for Award Management (SAM) (previously the
Central Contractor Registry (CCR)) at https://www.sam.gov and have a
Dun and Bradstreet (D&B) Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number.

B. Who is not eligible for Community Connect grants?

Individuals are not eligible for Community Connect Grant Program
financial assistance directly.

C. What are the basic eligibility requirements for a project?

1. General. The regulation for the Community Connect Grant Program
requires that certain definitions affecting eligibility be revised and
published from time-to-time by the Agency in the Federal Register. For
the purpose of this regulation, the Agency shall use the following
definitions: ``Broadband service'' and ``Broadband Grant Speed.'' Until
otherwise revised in the Federal Register, for applications

[[Page 75122]]

in FY 2015, to qualify as Broadband Service, the minimum rate of data
transmission shall be three megabits per second (download plus upload
speeds)for both fixed and mobile service and the Broadband Grant Speed
will be a minimum bandwidth of five megabits per second (download plus
upload speeds) for both fixed and mobile service to the customer.
 2. Required matching contributions. Please see 7 CFR 1739.14 for
the requirement. Grant applicants must demonstrate a matching
contribution, in cash, of at least fifteen (15) percent of the total
amount of financial assistance requested. Matching contributions must
be used to support the broadband operations funded under the Community
Connect Grant Program.
 3. To be eligible for a grant, the Project must (see 7 CFR
1739.11):
 a. Serve a Proposed Funded Service Area where Broadband Service
does not currently exist, to be verified by RUS prior to the award of
the grant;
 b. Offer service at the Broadband Grant Speed, free of all charges
for at least 2 years, to all Critical Community Facilities located
within the proposed Service Area;
 c. Offer service at the Broadband Grant Speed to all residential
and business customers within the Proposed Funded Service Area; and
 d. Provide a Community Center with at least two (2) Computer Access
Points and wireless access at the Broadband Grant Speed available, free
of charge, to all users for at least 2 years.
 e. Not overlap with the Service area of current RUS borrowers and
grantees.
 4. Other requirements:
 a. DUNS numbers and SAM registration: Applicants must have a Dun
and Bradstreet DUNS number and be registered in System Awards
Management (SAM) at https://www.sam.gov prior to submitting an
electronic or paper application. The DUNS number and SAM requirements
are contained in 2 CFR part 25. SAM is the repository for standard
information about applicants and recipients.
 b. DUNS Number: As required by the OMB, all applicants for grants
must supply a Dun and Bradstreet DUNS number when applying. The
Standard Form 424 (SF-424) contains a field for you to use when
supplying your DUNS number. Obtaining a DUNS number costs nothing and
requires a short telephone call to Dun and Bradstreet. Please see
http://www.grants.gov/applicants/org_step1.jsp for more information on
how to obtain a DUNS number or how to verify your organization's
number.
 c. System for Award Management (SAM): In accordance with 2 CFR part
25, applicants, whether applying electronically or by paper, must be
registered in SAM prior to submitting an application. Applicants may
register for the SAM at https://www.sam.gov. The SAM registration must
remain active, with current information, at all times during which an
entity has an application under consideration by an agency or has an
active Federal Award. To remain registered in the SAM database after
the initial registration, the applicant is required to review and
update on an annual basis from the date of initial registration or
subsequent updates of its information in the SAM database to ensure it
is current, accurate and complete.

C. Discussion of completed application items

See paragraph IV.B of this notice for a discussion of the items
that make up a completed application. Refer to 7 CFR 1739.15 for
completed grant application items.

IV. Application and Submission Information

A. Where To Get Application Information

The application guide, copies of necessary forms and samples, and
the Community Connect Grant Program regulation are available from these
sources:
 1. The Internet: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/utp_commconnect.html.
 2. The Rural Utilities Service, Loan Origination and Approval
Division, for paper copies of these materials: (202) 720-0800.

B. What constitutes a completed application?

1. Detailed information on each item required can be found in the
Community Connect Grant Program regulation and the Community Connect
Grant Program application guide. Applicants are strongly encouraged to
read and apply both the regulation and the application guide. This
Notice does not change the requirements for a completed application for
any form of Community Connect Grant Program financial assistance
specified in the Community Connect Grant Program regulation. The
Community Connect Grant Program regulation and the application guide
provide specific guidance on each of the items listed and the Community
Connect Grant Program application guide provides all necessary forms
and sample worksheets.
 2. Applications should be prepared in conformance with the
provisions in 7 CFR 1739, subpart A, and applicable USDA regulations
including 7 CFR parts 3015, 3016, and 3019. Applicants must use the RUS
Application Guide for this program containing instructions and all
necessary forms, as well as other important information, in preparing
their application. Completed applications must include the following:
 a. An Application for Federal Assistance. A completed Standard Form
(SF) 424.
 b. An executive summary of the Project. The applicant must provide
RUS with a general project overview.
 c. Scoring criteria documentation. Each grant applicant must
address and provide documentation on how it meets each of the scoring
criteria detailed in 7 CFR 1739.17.
 d. System design. The applicant must submit a system design,
including, narrative specifics of the proposal, associated costs, maps,
engineering design studies, technical specifications and system
capabilities, etc.
 e. Service area demographics. The applicant must provide a map of
the Proposed Funded Service Area using the RUS Mapping Tool.
 f. Scope of work. The scope of work must include specific
activities and services to be performed under the proposal, who will
carry out the activities and services, specific time-frames for
completion, and a budget for all capital and administrative
expenditures reflecting the line item costs for all grant purposes, the
matching contribution, and other sources of funds necessary to complete
the project.
 g. Community-Oriented Connectivity Plan. The applicant must provide
a detailed Community-Oriented Connectivity Plan.
 h. Financial information and sustainability. The applicant must
provide financial statements and information and a narrative
description demonstrating the sustainability of the Project.
 i. A statement of experience. The applicant must provide a written
narrative describing its demonstrated capability and experience, if
any, in operating a broadband telecommunications system.
 j. Evidence of legal authority and existence. The applicant must
provide evidence of its legal existence and authority to enter into a
grant agreement with RUS and to perform the activities proposed under
the grant application.
 k. Additional Funding. If the Project requires additional funding
from other sources in addition to the RUS grant, the

[[Page 75123]]

applicant must provide evidence that funding agreements have been
obtained to ensure completion of the Project.
 l. Federal Compliance. The applicant must provide evidence of
compliance with other federal statutes and regulations, including, but
not limited to the following:
 (i) 7 CFR part 15, subpart A--Nondiscrimination in Federally
Assisted Programs of the Department of Agriculture--Effectuation of
Title VI of the Civil Rights Act of 1964.
 (ii) 7 CFR part 3015--Uniform Federal Assistance Regulations.
 (iii) 2 CFR part 180--OMB Guidelines to Agencies on Government-wide
Debarment and Suspension (Nonprocurement)
 (iv) 2 CFR part 417--Nonprocurement Debarment and Suspension.
 (v) 7 CFR part 3018--New Restrictions on Lobbying.
 (vi) 2 CFR part 421--Government-wide Requirements for Drug-Free
Workplace (Financial Assistance).
 (vii) Certification regarding Architectural Barriers.
 (viii) Certification regarding Flood Hazard Precautions.
 (ix) An environmental report/questionnaire, in accordance with 7
CFR 1794.
 (x) A certification that grant funds will not be used to duplicate
lines, facilities, or systems providing Broadband Service.
 (xi) Federal Obligation Certification on Delinquent Debt.

C. How many copies of an application are required?

1. Applications submitted on paper: Submit the original paper
application and a copy in electronic format to RUS.
 2. Applications submitted through Grants.gov: The additional paper
copies are not necessary if you submit the application electronically
through Grants.gov.

D. How and Where To Submit an Application

Grant applications may be submitted on paper or through Grants.gov.
 1. Submitting applications on paper.
 a. Address paper applications for grants to the Rural Utilities
Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Ave. SW.,
Room 2808, STOP 1597, Washington, DC 20250-1597. Applications should be
marked ``Attention: Deputy Assistant Administrator, Loan Origination
and Approval Division, Rural Utilities Service.''
 b. Paper applications must show proof of mailing or shipping
consisting of one of the following:
 (i) A legibly dated U.S. Postal Service (USPS) postmark;
 (ii) A legible mail receipt with the date of mailing stamped by the
USPS; or
 (iii) A dated shipping label, invoice, or receipt from a commercial
carrier.
 c. Due to screening procedures at the Department of Agriculture,
packages arriving via the USPS are irradiated, which can damage the
contents. RUS encourages applicants to consider the impact of this
procedure in selecting their application delivery method.
 2. Applications submitted through Grants.gov.
 (a) Applicants may file an electronic application at http://www.grants.gov.
Applications will not be accepted via facsimile machine
transmission or electronic mail. Grants.gov contains full instructions
on all required passwords, credentialing, and software. Follow the
instructions at Grants.gov for registering and submitting an electronic
application. If a system problem or technical difficulty occurs with an
electronic application, please use the customer support resources
available at the Grants.gov Web site.
 (b) First time Grants.gov users should go to the ``Get Started''
tab on the Grants.gov site and carefully read and follow the steps
listed. These steps need to be initiated early in the application
process to avoid delays in submitting your application online.

E. Deadlines

1. Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or
sent overnight no later than February 17, 2015 to be eligible for FY
2015 grant funding. Late applications are not eligible for FY 2015
grant funding.
 2. Grant applications submitted through Grants.gov must be received
by February 17, 2015 to be eligible for FY 2015 funding. Late
applications are not eligible for FY 2015 grant funding.

F. Funding Purposes

1. Eligible grant purposes. Grant funds may be used to finance:
 a. The construction, acquisition, or leasing of facilities,
including spectrum, land or buildings to deploy service at the
Broadband Grant Speed to all participating Critical Community
Facilities and all required facilities needed to offer such service to
all residential and business customers located within the Proposed
Funded Service Area;
 b. The improvement, expansion, construction, or acquisition of a
Community Center that furnishes free internet access at the Broadband
Grant Speed and provision of Computer Access Points. Grant funds
provided for such costs shall not exceed the lesser of ten percent
(10%) of the grant amount requested or $150,000; and
 c. The cost of bandwidth to provide service free of charge at the
Broadband Grant Speed to Critical Community Facilities for the first 2
years of operation.
 2. Ineligible grant purposes.
 a. Grant funds may not be used to finance the duplication of any
existing Broadband Service provided by another entity.
 b. Operating expenses other than the cost of bandwidth for 2 years
to provide service at the Broadband Grant Speed to Critical Community
Facilities.
 3. Please see 7 CFR 1739.3 for definitions, 7 CFR 1739.12 for
eligible grant purposes, and 7 CFR 1739.13 for ineligible grant
purposes.

V. Application Review Information

A. Criteria

1. Grant applications are scored competitively and subject to the
criteria listed below.
 2. Grant application scoring criteria (total possible points: 100).
See 7 CFR 1739.17 for the items that will be reviewed during scoring
and for scoring criteria.
 a. An analysis of the challenges of the following criteria, laid
out on a community-wide basis, and how the project proposes to address
these issues (up to 50 points): 1. The economic characteristics; 2.
Educational Challenges; 3. Health care needs; 4. Public safety issues;
and 5. Small Area Income and Poverty Estimates (applications that
according to the 2010 census show that at least 20 percent of the
population of the counties included in core coverage areas is living in
poverty) will receive the maximum score in this category. This emphasis
will support Rural Development's mission of improving the quality of
life for Rural Americans and commitment to directing resources to those
who most need them.
 b. The extent of the Project's planning, development, and support
by local residents, institutions, and Critical Community Facilities (up
to 40 points);
 c. The level of experience and past success of operating broadband
systems for the management team (up to 10 points); and
 d. In making a final selection among and between applications with
comparable rankings and geographic distribution, the Administrator may
take into consideration the characteristics of the Proposed Funded
Service Area (PFSA).

[[Page 75124]]

B. Special consideration areas

RUS will offer special consideration to applications that propose
to provide broadband service within a trust area or a tribal
jurisdictional area. Such applications will be awarded 15 points. The
applicant will need to submit evidence indicating that the proposed
service area is located in a trust area or a tribal jurisdictional
area.
 RUS will use one or more of the following resources in determining
whether a proposed service area is located in a trust area or tribal
jurisdictional area:
 (a) Official maps of Federal Indian Reservations based on
information compiled by the U.S. Department of the Interior, Bureau of
Indian Affairs, and made available to the public;
 (b) Title Status Reports issued by the U.S. Department of the
Interior, Bureau of Indian Affairs, showing that title to such land is
held in trust or is subject to restrictions imposed by the United
States;
 (c) Trust Asset and Accounting Management System data, maintained
by the Department of the Interior, Bureau of Indian Affairs;
 (d) Official maps of the Department of Hawaiian Homelands of the
State of Hawaii identifying land that has been given the status of
Hawaiian home lands under the provisions of section 204 of the Hawaiian
Homes Commission Act, 1920;
 (e) Official records of the U.S. Department of the Interior, the
State of Alaska, or such other documentation of ownership as the RUS
may determine to be satisfactory, showing that title is owned by a
Regional Corporation or a Village Corporation as such terms are defined
in the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1451 et seq.);
and
 (f) Any other evidence submitted by the applicant that is
satisfactory to RUS to establish that area where the end-user site is
located is a trust area or a tribal jurisdictional area within the
meaning of 38 U.S.C. 3765(1).

C. Review Standards

1. All applications for grants must be delivered to RUS at the
address and by the date specified in this notice or electronically
submitted by the deadline (see also 7 CFR 1739.2) to be eligible for
funding. The Agency will review each application for conformance with
the provisions of this part. RUS may contact the applicant for
additional information or clarification.
 2. Incomplete applications as of the deadline for submission will
not be considered. If an application is determined to be incomplete,
the applicant will be notified in writing and the application will be
returned with no further action.
 3. Applications conforming with this part will then be evaluated
competitively by a panel of Rural Utilities Service employees selected
by the Administrator of Rural Utilities Service, and will be awarded
points as described in the scoring criteria in 7 CFR 1739.17.
Applications will be ranked and grants awarded in rank order until all
grant funds are expended.

D. Selection Process

Grant applications are ranked by final score. The Rural Utilities
Service selects applications based on those rankings, subject to the
availability of funds and consistent with 7 CFR 1739.17.

VI. Award Administration Information

A. Award Notices

The Rural Utilities Service recognizes that each funded project is
unique, and therefore may attach conditions to different projects'
award documents. RUS generally notifies applicants whose projects are
selected for awards by emailing a scanned copy of an award letter. RUS
follows the award letter with a grant agreement that contains all the
terms and conditions for the grant. An applicant must execute and
return the grant agreement, accompanied by any additional items
required by the grant agreement.

B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements

The items listed in paragraph IV.B.2.l. of this notice, and the
Community Connect Grant Program regulation, application guide and
accompanying materials implement the appropriate administrative and
national policy requirements.

C. Reporting

1. Performance reporting. All recipients of Community Connect Grant
Program financial assistance must provide annual performance activity
reports to RUS until the project is complete and the funds are
expended. A final performance report is also required; the final report
may serve as the last annual report. The final report must include an
evaluation of the success of the project. See 7 CFR 1739.19.
 2. Financial reporting. All recipients of Community Connect Grant
Program financial assistance must provide an annual audit, beginning
with the first year a portion of the financial assistance is expended.
Audits are governed by United States Department of Agriculture audit
regulations. See 7 CFR 1739.20.
 3. Recipient and Subrecipient Reporting. The applicant must have
the necessary processes and systems in place to comply with the
reporting requirements for first-tier sub-awards and executive
compensation under the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency
Act of 2006 in the event the applicant receives funding unless such
applicant is exempt from such reporting requirements pursuant to 2 CFR
170.110(b). The reporting requirements under the Transparency Act
pursuant to 2 CFR part 170 are as follows:
 a. First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more (unless they are exempt
under 2 CFR part 170) must be reported by the Recipient to http://www.fsrs.gov
no later than the end of the month following the month the
obligation was made.
 b. The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (5 most
highly compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient (if
the Recipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to http://www.sam.gov by
the end of the month following the month in which the
award was made.
 c. The Total Compensation of the Subrecipient's Executives (5 most
highly compensated executives) must be reported by the Subrecipient (if
the Subrecipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to the
Recipient by the end of the month following the month in which the
subaward was made.

VII. Agency Contacts

A. Web site: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/utp_commconnect.html. This
Web site maintains up-to-date resources and contact information for the
Community Connect Grant Program.
 B. Phone: (202) 720-0800
 C. Fax: (202) 205-2921
 D. Main point of contact: Shawn Arner, Deputy Assistant
Administrator, Loan Origination and Approval Division, Rural Utilities
Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture.

Dated: December 11, 2014.
Jasper Schneider,
Acting Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.
[FR Doc. 2014-29600 Filed 12-16-14; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE P


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               9 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 17, 2014 Wednesday

Grant Application Deadlines and Funding Levels

LENGTH: 4836  words


Washington, D.C.: This Notice document was issued by the Rural Utilities Service
(RUS):

Action

Notice of solicitation of applications (NOSA).
Summary

The Rural Utilities Service, a Rural Development agency of the United States
Department of Agriculture (USDA), herein referred to as RUS or the Agency,
announces its Community Connect Grant Program application window for Fiscal Year
(FY) 2015. This notice is being issued prior to passage of a final
appropriations act to allow potential applicants time to submit proposals and
give the Agency time to process applications within the current fiscal year. RUS
will publish on its Web site the amount of funding received in any continuing
resolution or the final appropriations act, if any. Expenses incurred in
developing applications will be at the applicant's risk.

In addition to announcing the application window, RUS announces the minimum and
maximum amounts for Community Connect grants applicable for the fiscal year. The
Community Connect Grant Program regulations can be found at 7 CFR 1739, subpart
A.
Dates

You may submit completed applications for grants on paper or electronically
according to the following deadlines:

Paper copies must carry proof of shipping no later than February 17, 2015 to be
eligible for FY 2015 grant funding. Late applications are not eligible for FY
2015 grant funding.
    Electronic copies must be received by February 17, 2015 to be eligible for
FY 2015 grant funding. Late applications are not eligible for FY 2015 grant
funding.

Addresses

You may obtain application guides and materials for the Community Connect Grant
Program via the Internet at the following Web site:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/utp_commconnect.html. You may also request
application guides and materials from RUS by contacting the appropriate
individual listed in section VII of theSUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATIONsection of this
notice.

Submit completed paper applications for grants to the Rural Utilities Service,
U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Room 2808, STOP
1597, Washington, DC 20250-1597. Applications should be marked "Attention:
Deputy Assistant Administrator, Loan Origination and Approval Division, Rural
Utilities Service."

Submit electronic grant applications at http://www.grants.gov (Grants.gov),
following the instructions you find on that Web site.
For Further Information Contact

Shawn Arner, Deputy Assistant Administrator, Loan Origination andApproval
Division, Rural Utilities Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, telephone:
(202) 720-0800, fax: (202) 205-2921.
Supplementary Information
Overview

Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service (RUS).

Funding Opportunity Title: Community Connect Grant Program.

Announcement Type: Initial announcement.

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.863.

Dates: You may submit completed applications for grants on paper or
electronically according to the following deadlines:

Paper copies must carry proof of shipping no later than February 17, 2015, to be
eligible for FY 2015 grant funding. Late applications are not eligible for FY
2015 grant funding.
    Electronic copies must be received by February 17, 2015, to be eligible for
FY 2015 grant funding. Late applications are not eligible for FY 2015 grant
funding.

Items in Supplementary Information

I. Funding Opportunity: Brief introduction to the Community Connect Grant
Program.

II. Award Information: Minimum and maximum amounts.

III. Eligibility Information: Who is eligible, what kinds of projects are
eligible, what criteria determine basic eligibility.

IV. Application and Submission Information: Where to get application materials,
what constitutes a completed application, how and where to submit applications,
deadlines, items that are eligible.

V. Application Review Information: Considerations and preferences, scoring
criteria, review standards, selection information.

VI. Award Administration Information: Award notice information, award recipient
reporting requirements.

VII. Agency Contacts: Web, phone, fax, email, contact name.
I. Funding Opportunity

RUS improves the quality of life in rural America by providing investment
capital, in the form of loans and grants, for the deployment of rural
telecommunications infrastructure. Financial assistance is provided to rural
utilities; municipalities; commercial corporations; limited liability companies;
public utility districts; Indian tribes; and cooperative, nonprofit,
limited-dividend, or mutual associations. In order to achieve the goal of
increasing economic opportunity in rural America, the Agency finances
infrastructure that enables access to a seamless, nation-wide telecommunications
network. With access to the same advanced telecommunications networks of its
urban counterparts, especially broadband networks designed to accommodate
distance learning, telework and telemedicine, rural America will see improving
educational opportunities, health care, economies, safety and security, and
ultimately higher employment. Of particular concern to the Agency are
communities where broadband service is not available and where population
densities are such that the cost of deployment to them is high and buildout of
infrastructure is unlikely.

The provision of broadband service is vital to the economic development,
education, health, and safety of rural Americans. The purpose of the Community
Connect Grant Program is to provide financial assistance in the form of grants
to eligible applicants that will provide currently unserved areas, on a "
community-oriented connectivity" basis, with broadband service that fosters
economic growth and delivers enhanced educational, health care, and public
safety services. RUS will give priority to rural areas that have the greatest
need for broadband services, based on the criteria contained herein.

Grant authority will be used for the deployment of broadband service to
extremely rural, lower-income communities on a "community-oriented connectivity"
basis. The "community-oriented connectivity" concept will stimulate practical,
everyday uses and applications of broadband facilities by cultivating the
deployment of new broadband services that improve economic development and
provide enhanced educational and health care opportunities in rural areas. Such
an approach will also give rural communities the opportunity to benefit from the
advanced technologies that are necessary to achieve these goals. Please see 7
CFR part 1739, subpart A, for specifics.

This notice has been formatted to conform to a policy directive issued by the
Office of Federal Financial Management (OFFM) of the Office of Management and
Budget (OMB), published in theFederal Registeron June 23, 2003. This Notice does
not change the Community Connect Grant Program regulation (7 CFR 1739, subpart
A).

The definitions applicable to this Notice are published at 7 CFR 1739.3.

The Agency will review, evaluate, and score applications received in response to
this Notice based on the provisions found in 7 CFR 1739, subpart A, and as
indicated in this notice.
II. Award Information
A. Available Funds

1. General. Under 7 CFR 1739.2, the Administrator has established a minimum
grant amount of $100,000 and a maximum grant amount of $3,000,000 for FY 2015.

2. Assistance instrument. RUS will execute grant documents appropriate to the
project prior to any advance of funds with successful applicants.
B. Community Connect grants cannot be renewed.

Award documents specify the term of each award.
III. Eligibility Information
A. Who is eligible for a Community Connect grant? (See 7 CFR 1739.10.)

1. Only entities legally organized as one of the following are eligible for
Community Connect Grant Program financial assistance:

a. An incorporated organization,

b. An Indian tribe or tribal organization, as defined in 25 U.S.C. 450b (e),

c. A state or local unit of government, or

d. A cooperative, private corporation or limited liability company organized on
a for-profit or not-for-profit basis.

2. An applicant must have the legal capacity and authority to own and operate
the broadband facilities as proposed in their application, to enter into
contracts and to otherwise comply with applicable federal statutes and
regulations.

3. An applicant must have an active registration with current information in the
System for Award Management (SAM) (previously the Central Contractor Registry
(CCR)) at https://www.sam.gov and have a Dun and Bradstreet (D&B) Data Universal
Numbering System (DUNS) number.
B. Who is not eligible for Community Connect grants?

Individuals are not eligible for Community Connect Grant Program financial
assistance directly.
C. What are the basic eligibility requirements for a project?

1. General. The regulation for the Community Connect Grant Program requires that
certain definitions affecting eligibility be revised and published from
time-to-time by the Agency in theFederal Register. For the purpose of this
regulation, the Agency shall use the following definitions: "Broadband service"
and "Broadband Grant Speed." Until otherwise revised in theFederal Register, for
applicationsin FY 2015, to qualify as Broadband Service, the minimum rate of
data transmission shall be three megabits per second (download plus upload
speeds)for both fixed and mobile service and the Broadband Grant Speed will be a
minimum bandwidth of five megabits per second (download plus upload speeds) for
both fixed and mobile service to the customer.

2. Required matching contributions. Please see 7 CFR 1739.14 for the
requirement. Grant applicants must demonstrate a matching contribution, in cash,
of at least fifteen (15) percent of the total amount of financial assistance
requested. Matching contributions must be used to support the broadband
operations funded under the Community Connect Grant Program.

3. To be eligible for a grant, the Project must (see 7 CFR 1739.11):

a. Serve a Proposed Funded Service Area where Broadband Service does not
currently exist, to be verified by RUS prior to the award of the grant;

b. Offer service at the Broadband Grant Speed, free of all charges for at least
2 years, to all Critical Community Facilities located within the proposed
Service Area;

c. Offer service at the Broadband Grant Speed to all residential and business
customers within the Proposed Funded Service Area; and

d. Provide a Community Center with at least two (2) Computer Access Points and
wireless access at the Broadband Grant Speed available, free of charge, to all
users for at least 2 years.

e. Not overlap with the Service area of current RUS borrowers and grantees.

4. Other requirements:

a. DUNS numbers and SAM registration: Applicants must have a Dun and Bradstreet
DUNS number and be registered in System Awards Management (SAM) at
https://www.sam.gov prior to submitting an electronic or paper application. The
DUNS number and SAM requirements are contained in 2 CFR part 25. SAM is the
repository for standard information about applicants and recipients.

b. DUNS Number: As required by the OMB, all applicants for grants must supply a
Dun and Bradstreet DUNS number when applying. The Standard Form 424 (SF-424)
contains a field for you to use when supplying your DUNS number. Obtaining a
DUNS number costs nothing and requires a short telephone call to Dun and
Bradstreet. Please see http://www.grants.gov/applicants/org_step1.jsp for more
information on how to obtain a DUNS number or how to verify your organization's
number.

c. System for Award Management (SAM): In accordance with 2 CFR part 25,
applicants, whether applying electronically or by paper, must be registered in
SAM prior to submitting an application. Applicants may register for the SAM at
https://www.sam.gov. The SAM registration must remain active, with current
information, at all times during which an entity has an application under
consideration by an agency or has an active Federal Award. To remain registered
in the SAM database after the initial registration, the applicant is required to
review and update on an annual basis from the date of initial registration or
subsequent updates of its information in the SAM database to ensure it is
current, accurate and complete.
C. Discussion of completed application items

See paragraph IV.B of this notice for a discussion of the items that make up a
completed application. Refer to 7 CFR 1739.15 for completed grant application
items.
IV. Application and Submission Information
A. Where To Get Application Information

The application guide, copies of necessary forms and samples, and the Community
Connect Grant Program regulation are available from these sources:

1. The Internet: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/utp_commconnect.html.

2. The Rural Utilities Service, Loan Origination and Approval Division, for
paper copies of these materials: (202) 720-0800.
B. What constitutes a completed application?

1. Detailed information on each item required can be found in the Community
Connect Grant Program regulation and the Community Connect Grant Program
application guide. Applicants are strongly encouraged to read and apply both the
regulation and the application guide. This Notice does not change the
requirements for a completed application for any form of Community Connect Grant
Program financial assistance specified in the Community Connect Grant Program
regulation. The Community Connect Grant Program regulation and the application
guide provide specific guidance on each of the items listed and the Community
Connect Grant Program application guide provides all necessary forms and sample
worksheets.

2. Applications should be prepared in conformance with the provisions in 7 CFR
1739, subpart A, and applicable USDA regulations including 7 CFR parts 3015,
3016, and 3019. Applicants must use the RUS Application Guide for this program
containing instructions and all necessary forms, as well as other important
information, in preparing their application. Completed applications must include
the following:

a. An Application for Federal Assistance. A completed Standard Form (SF) 424.

b. An executive summary of the Project. The applicant must provide RUS with a
general project overview.

c. Scoring criteria documentation. Each grant applicant must address and provide
documentation on how it meets each of the scoring criteria detailed in 7 CFR
1739.17.

d. System design. The applicant must submit a system design, including,
narrative specifics of the proposal, associated costs, maps, engineering design
studies, technical specifications and system capabilities, etc.

e. Service area demographics. The applicant must provide a map of the Proposed
Funded Service Area using the RUS Mapping Tool.

f. Scope of work. The scope of work must include specific activities and
services to be performed under the proposal, who will carry out the activities
and services, specific time-frames for completion, and a budget for all capital
and administrative expenditures reflecting the line item costs for all grant
purposes, the matching contribution, and other sources of funds necessary to
complete the project.

g. Community-Oriented Connectivity Plan. The applicant must provide a detailed
Community-Oriented Connectivity Plan.

h. Financial information and sustainability. The applicant must provide
financial statements and information and a narrative description demonstrating
the sustainability of the Project.

i. A statement of experience. The applicant must provide a written narrative
describing its demonstrated capability and experience, if any, in operating a
broadband telecommunications system.

j. Evidence of legal authority and existence. The applicant must provide
evidence of its legal existence and authority to enter into a grant agreement
with RUS and to perform the activities proposed under the grant application.

k. Additional Funding. If the Project requires additional funding from other
sources in addition to the RUS grant, theapplicant must provide evidence that
funding agreements have been obtained to ensure completion of the Project.

l. Federal Compliance. The applicant must provide evidence of compliance with
other federal statutes and regulations, including, but not limited to the
following:

(i) 7 CFR part 15, subpart A--Nondiscrimination in Federally Assisted Programs
of the Department of Agriculture--Effectuation of Title VI of the Civil Rights
Act of 1964.

(ii) 7 CFR part 3015--Uniform Federal Assistance Regulations.

(iii) 2 CFR part 180--OMB Guidelines to Agencies on Government-wide Debarment
and Suspension (Nonprocurement)

(iv) 2 CFR part 417--Nonprocurement Debarment and Suspension.

(v) 7 CFR part 3018--New Restrictions on Lobbying.

(vi) 2 CFR part 421--Government-wide Requirements for Drug-Free Workplace
(Financial Assistance).

(vii) Certification regarding Architectural Barriers.

(viii) Certification regarding Flood Hazard Precautions.

(ix) An environmental report/questionnaire, in accordance with 7 CFR 1794.

(x) A certification that grant funds will not be used to duplicate lines,
facilities, or systems providing Broadband Service.

(xi) Federal Obligation Certification on Delinquent Debt.
C. How many copies of an application are required?

1. Applications submitted on paper: Submit the original paper application and a
copy in electronic format to RUS.

2. Applications submitted through Grants.gov: The additional paper copies are
not necessary if you submit the application electronically through Grants.gov.
D. How and Where To Submit an Application

Grant applications may be submitted on paper or through Grants.gov.

1. Submitting applications on paper.

a. Address paper applications for grants to the Rural Utilities Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Room 2808, STOP 1597,
Washington, DC 20250-1597. Applications should be marked "Attention: Deputy
Assistant Administrator, Loan Origination and Approval Division, Rural Utilities
Service."

b. Paper applications must show proof of mailing or shipping consisting of one
of the following:

(i) A legibly dated U.S. Postal Service (USPS) postmark;

(ii) A legible mail receipt with the date of mailing stamped by the USPS; or

(iii) A dated shipping label, invoice, or receipt from a commercial carrier.

c. Due to screening procedures at the Department of Agriculture, packages
arriving via the USPS are irradiated, which can damage the contents. RUS
encourages applicants to consider the impact of this procedure in selecting
their application delivery method.

2. Applications submitted through Grants.gov.

(a) Applicants may file an electronic application at http://www.grants.gov.
Applications will not be accepted via facsimile machine transmission or
electronic mail. Grants.gov contains full instructions on all required
passwords, credentialing, and software. Follow the instructions at Grants.gov
for registering and submitting an electronic application. If a system problem or
technical difficulty occurs with an electronic application, please use the
customer support resources available at the Grants.gov Web site.

(b) First time Grants.gov users should go to the "Get Started" tab on the
Grants.gov site and carefully read and follow the steps listed. These steps need
to be initiated early in the application process to avoid delays in submitting
your application online.
E. Deadlines

1. Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight
no later than February 17, 2015 to be eligible for FY 2015 grant funding. Late
applications are not eligible for FY 2015 grant funding.

2. Grant applications submitted through Grants.gov must be received by February
17, 2015 to be eligible for FY 2015 funding. Late applications are not eligible
for FY 2015 grant funding.
F. Funding Purposes

1. Eligible grant purposes. Grant funds may be used to finance:

a. The construction, acquisition, or leasing of facilities, including spectrum,
land or buildings to deploy service at the Broadband Grant Speed to all
participating Critical Community Facilities and all required facilities needed
to offer such service to all residential and business customers located within
the Proposed Funded Service Area;

b. The improvement, expansion, construction, or acquisition of a Community
Center that furnishes free internet access at the Broadband Grant Speed and
provision of Computer Access Points. Grant funds provided for such costs shall
not exceed the lesser of ten percent (10%) of the grant amount requested or
$150,000; and

c. The cost of bandwidth to provide service free of charge at the Broadband
Grant Speed to Critical Community Facilities for the first 2 years of operation.

2. Ineligible grant purposes.

a. Grant funds may not be used to finance the duplication of any existing
Broadband Service provided by another entity.

b. Operating expenses other than the cost of bandwidth for 2 years to provide
service at the Broadband Grant Speed to Critical Community Facilities.

3. Please see 7 CFR 1739.3 for definitions, 7 CFR 1739.12 for eligible grant
purposes, and 7 CFR 1739.13 for ineligible grant purposes.
V. Application Review Information
A. Criteria

1. Grant applications are scored competitively and subject to the criteria
listed below.

2. Grant application scoring criteria (total possible points: 100). See 7 CFR
1739.17 for the items that will be reviewed during scoring and for scoring
criteria.

a. An analysis of the challenges of the following criteria, laid out on a
community-wide basis, and how the project proposes to address these issues (up
to 50 points): 1. The economic characteristics; 2. Educational Challenges; 3.
Health care needs; 4. Public safety issues; and 5. Small Area Income and Poverty
Estimates (applications that according to the 2010 census show that at least 20
percent of the population of the counties included in core coverage areas is
living in poverty) will receive the maximum score in this category. This
emphasis will support Rural Development's mission of improving the quality of
life for Rural Americans and commitment to directing resources to those who most
need them.

b. The extent of the Project's planning, development, and support by local
residents, institutions, and Critical Community Facilities (up to 40 points);

c. The level of experience and past success of operating broadband systems for
the management team (up to 10 points); and

d. In making a final selection among and between applications with comparable
rankings and geographic distribution, the Administrator may take into
consideration the characteristics of the Proposed Funded Service Area (PFSA).
B. Special consideration areas

RUS will offer special consideration to applications that propose to provide
broadband service within a trust area or a tribal jurisdictional area. Such
applications will be awarded 15 points. The applicant will need to submit
evidence indicating that the proposed service area is located in a trust area or
a tribal jurisdictional area.

RUS will use one or more of the following resources in determining whether a
proposed service area is located in a trust area or tribal jurisdictional area:

(a) Official maps of Federal Indian Reservations based on information compiled
by the U.S. Department of the Interior, Bureau of Indian Affairs, and made
available to the public;

(b) Title Status Reports issued by the U.S. Department of the Interior, Bureau
of Indian Affairs, showing that title to such land is held in trust or is
subject to restrictions imposed by the United States;

(c) Trust Asset and Accounting Management System data, maintained by the
Department of the Interior, Bureau of Indian Affairs;

(d) Official maps of the Department of Hawaiian Homelands of the State of Hawaii
identifying land that has been given the status of Hawaiian home lands under the
provisions of section 204 of the Hawaiian Homes Commission Act, 1920;

(e) Official records of the U.S. Department of the Interior, the State of
Alaska, or such other documentation of ownership as the RUS may determine to be
satisfactory, showing that title is owned by a Regional Corporation or a Village
Corporation as such terms are defined in the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act
(43 U.S.C. 1451 et seq.); and

(f) Any other evidence submitted by the applicant that is satisfactory to RUS to
establish that area where the end-user site is located is a trust area or a
tribal jurisdictional area within the meaning of 38 U.S.C. 3765(1).
C. Review Standards

1. All applications for grants must be delivered to RUS at the address and by
the date specified in this notice or electronically submitted by the deadline
(see also 7 CFR 1739.2) to be eligible for funding. The Agency will review each
application for conformance with the provisions of this part. RUS may contact
the applicant for additional information or clarification.

2. Incomplete applications as of the deadline for submission will not be
considered. If an application is determined to be incomplete, the applicant will
be notified in writing and the application will be returned with no further
action.

3. Applications conforming with this part will then be evaluated competitively
by a panel of Rural Utilities Service employees selected by the Administrator of
Rural Utilities Service, and will be awarded points as described in the scoring
criteria in 7 CFR 1739.17. Applications will be ranked and grants awarded in
rank order until all grant funds are expended.
D. Selection Process

Grant applications are ranked by final score. The Rural Utilities Service
selects applications based on those rankings, subject to the availability of
funds and consistent with 7 CFR 1739.17.
VI. Award Administration Information
A. Award Notices

The Rural Utilities Service recognizes that each funded project is unique, and
therefore may attach conditions to different projects' award documents. RUS
generally notifies applicants whose projects are selected for awards by emailing
a scanned copy of an award letter. RUS follows the award letter with a grant
agreement that contains all the terms and conditions for the grant. An applicant
must execute and return the grant agreement, accompanied by any additional items
required by the grant agreement.
B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements

The items listed in paragraph IV.B.2.l. of this notice, and the Community
Connect Grant Program regulation, application guide and accompanying materials
implement the appropriate administrative and national policy requirements.
C. Reporting

1. Performance reporting. All recipients of Community Connect Grant Program
financial assistance must provide annual performance activity reports to RUS
until the project is complete and the funds are expended. A final performance
report is also required; the final report may serve as the last annual report.
The final report must include an evaluation of the success of the project. See 7
CFR 1739.19.

2. Financial reporting. All recipients of Community Connect Grant Program
financial assistance must provide an annual audit, beginning with the first year
a portion of the financial assistance is expended. Audits are governed by United
States Department of Agriculture audit regulations. See 7 CFR 1739.20.

3. Recipient and Subrecipient Reporting. The applicant must have the necessary
processes and systems in place to comply with the reporting requirements for
first-tier sub-awards and executive compensation under the Federal Funding
Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 in the event the applicant receives
funding unless such applicant is exempt from such reporting requirements
pursuant to 2 CFR 170.110(b). The reporting requirements under the Transparency
Act pursuant to 2 CFR part 170 are as follows:

a. First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more (unless they are exempt under 2 CFR
part 170) must be reported by the Recipient to http://www.fsrs.gov no later than
the end of the month following the month the obligation was made.

b. The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (5 most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient (if the Recipient
meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to http://www.sam.gov by the end of the
month following the month in which the award was made.

c. The Total Compensation of the Subrecipient's Executives (5 most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Subrecipient (if the
Subrecipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to the Recipient by the
end of the month following the month in which the subaward was made.
VII. Agency Contacts

A. Web site: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/utp_commconnect.html. This Web site
maintains up-to-date resources and contact information for the Community Connect
Grant Program.

B. Phone: (202) 720-0800

C. Fax: (202) 205-2921

D. Main point of contact: Shawn Arner, Deputy Assistant Administrator, Loan
Origination and Approval Division, Rural Utilities Service, U.S. Department of
Agriculture.
Dated: December 11, 2014.
Jasper Schneider,
Acting Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.
[FR Doc. 2014-29600 Filed 12-16-14; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 18, 2016 Monday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Announcement of Grant Application Deadlines and Funding Levels

LENGTH: 6101  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Utilities Service Announcement of Grant
Application Deadlines and Funding Levels AGENCY: Rural Utilities Service, USDA.
ACTION: Notice of Funds Availability (NOFA).
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Utilities Service (RUS), an agency of the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA), herein referred to as RUS or the Agency, announces its
Community Connect Grant Program application window for Fiscal Year (FY) 2016.
This notice is being issued in order to allow potential applicants time to
submit proposals and give the Agency time to process applications within the
current fiscal year. In addition to announcing the application window, RUS
announces the minimum and maximum amounts for Community Connect grants
applicable for the fiscal year.

The Community Connect Grant Program regulation can be found at 7 CFR part 1739
(Subpart A). DATES: Submit completed paper or electronic applications for grants
according to the following deadlines:  Paper submissions: Paper submissions must
be postmarked

 and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no later than June 17, 2016 to

 be eligible for FY 2016 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications

 will not be eligible for FY 2016 grant funding.

      Electronic submissions: Electronic submissions must be

 received no later than June 17, 2016 to be eligible for FY 2016 grant

 funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for FY

 2016 grant funding.

      If the submission deadline falls on Saturday, Sunday, or a

 Federal holiday, the application is due the next business day.



 ADDRESSES: Copies of the FY 2016 Application Guide and materials for

 the Community Connect Grant Program may be obtained through:

     (1) The Community Connect Web site at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/community-connect-grants or

     (2) The RUS Office of Loan Origination and Approval at 202-720-

 0800.

     Completed applications may be submitted the following ways:



 [[Page 22568]]



     (1) Paper: Mail paper applications to the Rural Utilities Service,

 Telecommunications Program, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Room 2808, STOP

 1597, Washington, DC 20250-1597. Mark address with ``Attention: Deputy

 Assistant Administrator, Office of Loan Origination and Approval, Rural

 Utilities Service.''

     (2) Electronic: Submit electronic applications through Grants.gov.

 Information on electronic submission is available on the Grants.gov Web

 site (http://www.grants.gov) at any time, regardless of registration

 status. However, applicants must pre-register with Grants.gov to use

 the electronic applications option.



 FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Shawn Arner, Deputy Assistant

 Administrator, Office of Loan Origination and Approval, Rural Utilities

 Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, telephone: (202) 720-0800,

 fax: 1-884-885-8179.



 SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:



 Overview



     Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service (RUS).

     Funding Opportunity Title: Community Connect Grant Program.

     Announcement Type: Initial announcement.

     Funding Opportunity Number: RDRUS-CC-2016.

     Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.863.

     Dates: Submit completed paper or electronic applications for grants

 according to the deadlines indicated in Section D(5).



 A. Program Description



     The purpose of the Community Connect Grant Program is to provide

 financial assistance in the form of grants to eligible applicants that

 will provide broadband service to currently unserved, lower-income, and

 extremely rural areas. This broadband service is intended to foster

 economic growth and deliver enhanced educational, health care, and

 public safety services on a community-oriented connectivity basis. RUS

 will give priority to rural areas that have the greatest need for

 broadband services, based on the criteria contained herein.

     Grant authority will be used for the deployment of broadband

 service to extremely rural, lower-income communities on a community-

 oriented connectivity basis. By cultivating the deployment of new

 broadband services, the community-oriented connectivity concept will

 stimulate innovative uses and practical applications of the new

 broadband facilities in order to improve economic development and

 provide enhanced educational and health care opportunities in rural

 areas. Such an approach will also give rural communities the

 opportunity to benefit from the advanced technologies necessary to

 achieve these goals. The regulation for the Community Connect Program

 can be found at 7 CFR part 1739 (Subpart A).

     As in years past, the FY 2016 Community Connect Grant Application

 Guide has been updated based on program experience. All applicants

 should carefully review and prepare their applications according to

 instructions in the FY 2016 Application Guide and sample materials.

 Expenses incurred in developing applications will be at the applicant's

 own risk.



 B. Federal Award Information



     $11,740,000 is available for grants. Under 7 CFR 1739.2, the

 Administrator established a minimum grant amount of $100,000 and a

 maximum grant amount of $3,000,000 for FY 2016.

     The standard grant agreement, which specifies the term of each

 award, is available at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/UTP_Comm_ConnectGrantAgreement.pdf. The Agency will
make awards, and

 successful applicants will be required to execute documents appropriate

 to the project before the Agency will advance funding.

     While prior Community Connect grants cannot be renewed, existing

 Community Connect awardees may submit applications for new projects,

 which the Agency will evaluate as new applications. All grant

 applications must be submitted during the application window.



 C. Eligibility Information



 1. Eligible Applicants (See 7 CFR 1739.10)

     a. Only entities legally organized as one of the following are

 eligible for Community Connect Grant Program financial assistance:

     i. An incorporated organization;

     ii. An Indian tribe or tribal organization, as defined in 25 U.S.C.

 450b;

     iii. A state or local unit of government; or

     iv. A cooperative, private corporation, or limited liability

 company organized on a for-profit or not-for-profit basis.

     b. Applicants must have the legal capacity and authority to enter

 into contracts, to comply with applicable federal statutes and

 regulations, and to own and operate the broadband facilities as

 proposed in their application.

     c. Applicants must have an active registration with current

 information in the System for Award Management (SAM) (previously the

 Central Contractor Registry (CCR)) at https://www.sam.gov and have a

 Dun and Bradstreet (D&B) Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number.

 Further information regarding SAM registration and DUNS number

 acquisition can be found in Sections D(3) and D(4) of this Notice.

 2. Ineligible Applicants

     a. Individuals and partnerships are not eligible for financial

 assistance.

     b. Corporations that have been convicted of a Federal felony within

 the past 24 months are not eligible. Any corporation that has been

 assessed to have any unpaid federal tax liability, for which all

 judicial and administrative remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed

 and is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with

 the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability, is not

 eligible for financial assistance.

     c. In accordance with the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016,

 Sections 743-4, an entity that requires employees or contractors of

 such entity seeking to report fraud, waste, or abuse to sign internal

 confidentiality agreements or statements prohibiting or otherwise

 restricting such employees or contractors from lawfully reporting such

 waste, fraud, or abuse to a designated investigative or law enforcement

 representative of a Federal department or agency authorized to receive

 such information is not eligible for financial assistance.

 3. Cost Sharing or Matching

     The Community Connect Program requires matching contributions for

 grants. See 7 CFR 1739.14 and the FY 2016 Application Guide for

 information on required matching contributions.

     a. Grant applicants must demonstrate matching contributions in cash

 of at least fifteen percent (15%) of the total amount of financial

 assistance requested. Matching contributions must be used for eligible

 purposes of Community Connect grant assistance, as discussed in 7 CFR

 1739.12, 7 CFR 1739.13, and Section D(6) of this Notice for more

 information.

     b. Applications that do not provide sufficient documentation of the

 required fifteen percent match will be declared ineligible.



 [[Page 22569]]



 4. Other

     Eligible projects must propose to fulfill the following

 requirements (see 7 CFR 1739.11 for more information):

     a. Minimum Broadband Service Requirements. Until otherwise revised

 in the Federal Register, for applications in FY 2016, to qualify as

 Broadband Service, the minimum rate-of-data transmission is four

 megabits per second downstream plus one megabit per second upstream for

 both fixed and mobile broadband service.

     b. Minimum Broadband Grant Speed. The minimum bandwidth that an

 applicant must propose to deliver to every customer in the proposed

 funded service area is ten megabits downstream and one megabit upstream

 for both fixed and mobile service to the customer.

     c. Rural Area. A Rural Area refers to any area, as confirmed by the

 most recent decennial Census of the United States, which is not located

 within:

     i. A city, town, or incorporated area that has a population of

 greater than 20,000 inhabitants; or

     ii. An urbanized area contiguous and adjacent to a city or town

 that has a population of greater than 50,000 inhabitants. For purposes

 of the definition of Rural Area, an urbanized area means a densely

 populated territory as defined in the most recent decennial Census.

     d. Proposed Funded Service Area (PFSA). Applicants must propose a

 contiguous geographic area within an eligible Rural Area or eligible

 Rural Areas, in which Broadband Service does not currently exist, and

 where the applicant proposes to offer service at the Broadband Grant

 Speed to all residential and business customers. A PFSA must not

 overlap with the Service Areas of current RUS borrowers and grantees.

     e. Critical Community Facilities. Applicants must propose to offer

 service, free of charge to users, at the Broadband Grant Speed to all

 Critical Community Facilities located within the Proposed Funded

 Service Area for at least two (2) years.

     f. Community Center. Applicants must propose to provide a Community

 Center with at least two (2) Computer Access Points and wireless access

 at the Broadband Grant Speed free of charge to users for at least two

 (2) years.



 D. Application and Submission Information



     The FY 2016 Application Guide provides specific detailed

 instructions for each item in a complete application. The Agency

 emphasizes the importance of including every required item and strongly

 encourages applicants to follow the instructions carefully, using the

 examples and illustrations in the FY 2016 Application Guide.

 Applications submitted by the application deadline, but have critical

 missing items will be returned as ineligible. The Agency will not

 solicit or consider scoring or eligibility information that is

 submitted after the application deadline. However, depending on the

 specific scoring criteria, applications that do not include all items

 necessary for scoring may still be eligible applications, but may not

 receive full or any credit if the information cannot be verified. See

 the FY 2016 Application Guide for a full discussion of each required

 item. For requirements of completed grant applications, refer to 7 CFR

 1739.15.

 1. Address To Request Application Package

     The FY 2016 Application Guide, copies of necessary forms and

 samples, and the Community Connect Grant Program Regulation are

 available at:

     a. Electronic copies at http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
community-connect-grants and

     b. Paper copies from the Rural Utilities Service, Office of Loan

 Origination and Approval, 202-720-0800.

 2. Content and Form of Application Submission

     a. Carefully review the Community Connect Application Guide and the

 7 CFR part 1739, which detail all necessary forms and worksheets. A

 table summarizing the necessary components of a complete application

 can be found at Section D(2)(d).

     b. Submission of Application Items. Given the high volume of

 program interest, applicants should submit the required application

 items in the order indicated in the FY 2016 Application Guide.

 Applications that are not assembled and tabbed in the specified order

 prevent timely determination of eligibility. For applications with

 inconsistencies among submitted copies, the Agency will base its

 evaluation on the original signed application received.

     c. Additional Information. The Agency may ask for additional or

 clarifying information for applications submitted by the deadline which

 appear to meet the eligibility requirements, but require further

 review.

     d. Table of Required Elements of a Completed Grant Application.

 This table summarizes the items required for submission and the

 category into which they fall.



 ------------------------------------------------------------------------

        Application item             Regulation            Comments

 ------------------------------------------------------------------------

 A. Application for Federal      .................  Form provided in FY

  Assistance Form.                                   2016 Application

                                                     Tool Kit.

     SF-424 Standard Form

     A-2 SAM Registration        .................  Form provided in FY

      Information.                                   2016 Application

                                                     Tool Kit.

     A-3 State Director          .................  Form provided in FY

      Notification.                                  2016 Application

                                                     Tool Kit.

     A-4 Equal Opportunity       .................  Form provided in FY

      Survey.                                        2016 Application

                                                     Tool Kit.

 B. Executive Summary of the     .................  Narrative.

  Project.

 C. Scoring Criteria             .................  Narrative &

  Documentation.                                     Documentation.

     Special Considerations....  .................  Documentation.

 D. System Design..............  .................  Narrative &

                                                     Documentation.

     Network Diagram...........  .................  Documentation.

     Environmental               7 CFR part 1970..  Narrative &

      Questionnaire.                                 Documentation.

 E. Service Area Map...........  .................  Provided in RUS web-

                                                     based Mapping Tool.

      Service Area Demographics  .................  Documentation.

 F. Scope of Work..............  .................  Narrative &

                                                     Documentation.

     Construction Build-out and  .................  Form provided in FY

      Project Milestones.                            2016 Application

                                                     Tool Kit.

     Project Budget............  .................  Form provided in FY

                                                     2016 Application

                                                     Tool Kit.

 G. Community-oriented           .................  Narrative.

  Connectivity Plan.

 H. Financial Information and    .................  Narrative &

  Sustainability.                                    Documentation.

 I. Statement of Experience....  .................  Narrative

 J. Evidence of Legal Authority  .................  Documentation

  and Existence.

 K. Additional Funding.........  .................  Narrative &

                                                     Documentation.



 [[Page 22570]]





 L. Compliance with Other

  Statutes and Regulations

     Equal Opportunity and       7 CFR part 15      Form provided in FY

      Nondiscrimination.          (Subpart A).       2016 Application

                                                     Tool Kit.

     Uniform Relocation          49 CFR part 24     Form provided in FY

      Assistance and Real         and 7 CFR part     2016 Application

      Property Acquisition        21.                Tool Kit.

      Policies Act of 1970.

     Debarment, Suspension, and  7 CFR part 3017..  Form provided in FY

      Other Responsibility                           2016 Application

      Matters.                                       Tool Kit.

     Lobbying for Contracts,     7 CFR part 3018..  Form provided in FY

      Grants, Loans, and                             2016 Application

      Cooperative Agreements.                        Tool Kit.

     Drug-Free Workplace.......  7 CFR part 3017..  Form provided in FY

                                                     2016 Application

                                                     Tool Kit.

     Architectural Barriers....  .................  Form provided in FY

                                                     2016 Application

                                                     Tool Kit.

     Flood Hazard Area           7 CFR 1970.......  Form provided in FY

      Precautions.                                   2016 Application

                                                     Tool Kit.

     Non-Duplication of          .................  Form provided in FY

      Services.                                      2016 Application

                                                     Tool Kit.

     Federal Collection          .................  Form provided in FY

      Policies for Commercial                        2016 Application

      Debt.                                          Tool Kit.

     Assurance Regarding Felony  .................  Form provided in FY

      Conviction or Tax                              2016 Application

      Delinquent Status for                          Tool Kit (corporate

      Corporate Applicants.                          applicants--only).

 ------------------------------------------------------------------------



     e. Number of copies of submitted applications.

     i. Applications submitted on paper. Submit the original application

 and two (2) copies to RUS.

     ii. Applications submitted electronically. Submit the electronic

 application once. Carefully read the FY 2016 Application Guide for

 guidance on submitting an electronic application. Applicants should

 identify and number each page in the same manner as the paper

 application.

 3. Dun and Bradstreet Universal Numbering System (DUNS) Number

     The applicant for a grant must supply a Dun and Bradstreet Data

 Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number as part of the application.

 The Standard Form 424 (SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS number.

 The applicant can obtain the DUNS number free of charge by calling Dun

 and Bradstreet. Go to http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform for more

 information on DUNS number acquisition or confirmation.

 4. System for Award Management (SAM)

     Prior to submitting a paper or an electronic application, the

 applicant must register in the System for Award Management (SAM) at

 https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/. Throughout the RUS application

 review and the active Federal grant funding period, SAM registration

 must be active with current data at all times. To maintain active SAM

 registration, the applicant must review and update the information in

 the SAM database annually from the date of initial registration or from

 the date of the last update. The applicant must ensure that the

 information in the database is current, accurate, and complete.

 5. Submission Dates and Times

     a. Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or

 sent overnight no later than June 17, 2016 to be eligible for FY 2016

 grant funding. Late applications, applications which do not include

 proof of mailing or shipping, and incomplete applications are not

 eligible for FY 2016 grant funding. If the submission deadline falls on

 Saturday, Sunday, or a Federal holiday, the application is due the next

 business day. In the event of an incomplete application, the Agency

 will notify the applicant in writing, return the application, and

 terminate all further action.

     i. Address paper applications to the Telecommunications Program,

 RUS, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Room

 2808, STOP 1597, Washington, DC 20250-1597. Applications should be

 marked, ``Attention: Deputy Assistant Administrator, Office of Loan

 Origination and Approval.''

     ii. Paper applications must show proof of mailing or shipping by

 the deadline consisting of one of the following:

     A. A legibly dated U.S. Postal Service (USPS) postmark;

     B. A legible mail receipt with the date of mailing stamped by the

 USPS; or

     C. A dated shipping label, invoice, or receipt from a commercial

 carrier.

     iii. Due to screening procedures at the U.S. Department of

 Agriculture, packages arriving via regular mail through the USPS are

 irradiated, which can damage the contents and delay delivery to the

 Community Connect Program. RUS encourages applicants to consider the

 impact of this procedure in selecting their application delivery

 method.

     b. Electronic grant applications must be received no later than

 June 17, 2016 to be eligible for FY 2016 funding. Late or incomplete

 applications will not be eligible for FY 2016 grant funding.

     i. Applications will not be accepted via fax or electronic mail.

     ii. Electronic applications for grants must be submitted through

 the Federal government's Grants.gov initiative at http://www.grants.gov/.
Grants.gov contains full instructions on all required

 passwords, credentialing, and software.

     iii. Grants.gov requires some credentialing and online

 authentication procedures. These procedures may take several business

 days to complete. Therefore, the applicant should complete the

 registration, credentialing, and authorization procedures at Grants.gov

 before submitting an application.

     iv. Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering System. The

 applicant for a grant must supply a Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal

 Numbering System (DUNS) number as part of the application. See section

 D(3) of this Notice for more information.

     v. System for Award Management. Grants.gov requires that the

 applicant's organization is registered in the System for Award

 Management (SAM). Be sure to obtain the organization's SAM listing well

 in advance of the application deadline. See section D(4) of this Notice

 for more information.

     vi. RUS encourages applicants who wish to apply through Grants.gov

 to submit their applications in advance of the deadline.

     vii. If system errors or technical difficulties occur, use the

 customer support resources available at the Grants.gov Web site.

 6. Funding Restrictions

     a. Eligible grant purposes.

     Grant funds may be used to finance:

     i. The construction, acquisition, or leasing of facilities,

 including spectrum, land or buildings to deploy service at the

 Broadband Grant Speed to all participating Critical Community

 Facilities and all required facilities needed to offer such service to

 all residential and business customers



 [[Page 22571]]



 located within the Proposed Funded Service Area;

     ii. The improvement, expansion, construction, or acquisition of a

 Community Center that furnishes free internet access at the Broadband

 Grant Speed and provision of Computer Access Points. Grant funds

 provided for such costs shall not exceed the lesser of ten percent

 (10%) of the grant amount requested or $150,000; and

     iii. The cost of bandwidth to provide service free of charge at the

 Broadband Grant Speed to Critical Community Facilities for the first

 two (2) years of operation.

     b. Ineligible grant purposes.

     Grant funds may not be used to finance:

     i. The duplication of any existing Broadband Service provided by

 another entity;

     ii. Operating expenses other than the cost of bandwidth for two (2)

 years to provide service at the Broadband Grant Speed to Critical

 Community Facilities; or

     iii. Any other operating expenses not specifically permitted in 7

 CFR 1739.12.

     c. Other. For more information, see 7 CFR 1739.3 for definitions, 7

 CFR 1739.12 for eligible grant purposes, and 7 CFR 1739.13 for

 ineligible grant purposes.



 E. Application Review Information



 1. Criteria

     Grant applications are scored competitively and are subject to the

 criteria listed below (total possible points: 115. See 7 CFR 1739.17

 and the FY 2016 Application Guide for more information on the scoring

 criteria):

     a. Needs Category. An analysis of the challenges of the following

 criteria, laid out on a community-wide basis, and how the project

 proposes to address these issues (up to 50 points):

     i. Economic characteristics;

     ii. Educational challenges;

     iii. Health care needs; and

     iv. Public safety issues.

     b. Stakeholder Involvement Category. The extent of the Project's

 planning, development, and support from local residents, institutions,

 and Critical Community Facilities (up to 40 points);

     c. Experience Category. The level of experience and past success of

 broadband systems operation for the management team (up to 10 points);

     d. Special Consideration Areas Category. In accordance with 7 CFR

 1739.1(a), applicants may receive special consideration if they submit

 documentation demonstrating that they will provide broadband service

 within the following areas (15 points):

     i. Tribal jurisdiction or trust areas,

     iii. Promise Zone (for further information, see the Promise Zone

 Web site at http://www.hud.gov/promisezones/, or

     iv. Strike Force area (for further information, see the Strikeforce

 Web site at http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usda?navid=STRIKE_FORCE).

     e. In making a final selection among and between applications with

 comparable rankings and geographic distribution, the Administrator may

 take into consideration the characteristics of the Proposed Funded

 Service Area (PFSA), as identified in 7 CFR 1739.17(d).

 2. Review and Selection Process

     Grant applications are ranked by the final score. RUS selects

 applications based on those rankings, subject to the availability of

 funds and consistent with 7 CFR 1739.17. In addition, it should be

 noted that an application receiving fewer points can be selected over a

 higher scoring application in the event that there are insufficient

 funds available to cover the costs of the higher scoring application,

 as stated in 7 CFR 1739.16(f).

     a. In addition to the scoring criteria that rank applications

 against each other, the Agency evaluates grant applications on the

 following items, in accordance with 7 CFR 1739.16:

     i. Financial feasibility. A proposal that does not indicate

 financial feasibility or that is not sustainable will not be approved

 for an award.

     ii. Technical considerations. An application that contains flaws

 that would prevent the successful implementation, operation, or

 sustainability of the project will not be approved for an award.

     b. Applications conforming with this part will then be evaluated

 competitively and ranked by a panel of RUS employees that the

 Administrator of RUS selects, and will be awarded points as described

 in the scoring criteria in 7 CFR 1739.17. Applications will be ranked

 and grants awarded in order until all grant funds are expended.

     d. The Agency reserves the right to offer the applicant a lower

 amount than the amount proposed in the application, as stated in 7 CFR

 1739.16(g).



 F. Federal Award Administration Information



 1. Federal Award Notices

     a. Successful applications.

     i. Recipient notification. RUS notifies applicants whose projects

 are selected for awards by mailing or emailing a copy of the award

 letter. The receipt of an award letter does not authorize the applicant

 to commence performance under the award. After sending the award

 letter, the Agency will send an agreement that contains all the terms

 and conditions, as referenced in 7 CFR 1739.18 and Section B of this

 Notice. A copy of the standard agreement is posted on the RUS Web site

 at http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/community-connect-grants.

 The Rural Utilities Service recognizes that each funded project is

 unique, and therefore may attach conditions to different projects'

 award documents. An applicant must execute and return the grant

 agreement, accompanied by any additional items required by the

 agreement, within the number of days specified in the selection notice

 letter.

 2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements

     The items listed in this Notice, the Community Connect Grant

 Program regulation, the FY2016 Application Guide, and accompanying

 materials implement the appropriate administrative and national policy

 requirements, which include, but are not limited to:

     a. Executing a Community Connect Grant Agreement;

     b. Using Form SF 270, ``Request for Advance or Reimbursement,'' to

 request reimbursements (along with the submission of receipts for

 expenditures, timesheets, and any other documentation to support the

 request for reimbursement);

     c. Providing annual project performance activity reports until the

 expiration of the award;

     d. Ensuring that records are maintained to document all activities

 and expenditures utilizing Community Connect grant funds and matching

 funds (receipts for expenditures are to be included in this

 documentation);

     e. Providing a final project performance report;

     f. Complying with policies, guidance, and requirements as described

 in the following applicable Code of Federal Regulations, and any

 successor regulations;

     i. 2 CFR parts 200 and 400 (Uniform Administrative Requirements,

 Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards),

     ii. 2 CFR part 417 (Nonprocurement Debarment and Suspension),

     iii. 2 CFR part 180 (Government-wide Debarment and Suspension);

     g. Signing Form AD-3031 (``Assurance Regarding Felony Conviction or

 Tax Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants'') (for corporate

 applicants only); and



 [[Page 22572]]



     h. Complying with Executive Order 13166, ``Improving Access to

 Services for Persons with Limited English Proficiency.'' For

 information on limited English proficiency and agency-specific

 guidance, go to http://www.LEP.gov.

 3. Reporting

     a. Performance reporting. All recipients of Community Connect Grant

 Program financial assistance must provide annual performance activity

 reports to RUS until the project is complete and the funds are

 expended. A final performance report is also required; the final report

 may serve as the last annual report. The final report must include an

 evaluation of the success of the project in meeting the Community

 Connect Grant Program objectives. See 7 CFR 1739.19 and 2 CFR 200.328

 for additional information on these reporting requirements.

     b. Financial reporting. All recipients of Community Connect Grant

 Program financial assistance must provide an annual audit, beginning

 with the first year in which a portion of the financial assistance is

 expended. Audits are governed by United States Department of

 Agriculture audit regulations. See 7 CFR 1739.20 and 2 CFR part 200

 (Subpart F) for a description of the financial reporting requirements.

     c. Recipient and Sub-recipient Reporting. The applicant must have

 the necessary processes and systems in place to comply with the

 reporting requirements for first-tier sub-awards and executive

 compensation under the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency

 Act of 2006 in the event the applicant receives funding unless such

 applicant is exempt from such reporting requirements pursuant to 2 CFR

 170.110(b). The reporting requirements under the Transparency Act

 pursuant to 2 CFR 170 are as follows:

     i. First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more (unless they are exempt

 under 2 CFR part 170) must be reported by the Recipient to https://www.fsrs.gov
no later than the end of the month following the month the

 obligation was made. Please note that currently underway is a

 consolidation of eight federal procurement systems, including the

 Federal Sub-award Reporting System (FSRS), into one system, the System

 for Award Management (SAM). As a result, the FSRS will soon be

 consolidated into and accessed through https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.

     ii. The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (the five

 most highly compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient

 (if the Recipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ by the end of the month following the

 month in which the award was made.

     iii. The Total Compensation of the Sub-recipient's Executives (the

 five most highly compensated executives) must be reported by the Sub-

 recipient (if the Sub-recipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part

 170) to the Recipient by the end of the month following the month in

 which the sub-award was made.

     d. Record Keeping and Accounting. The contract will contain

 provisions related to record keeping and accounting requirements.



 G. Federal Awarding Agency Contacts



     1. Web site: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
community-connect-grants. This site maintains up-to-date resources and contact

 information for the Community Connect Grant Program.

     2. Telephone: 202-720-0800.

     3. Fax: 1-844-885-8179.

     4. Email: community.connect@wdc.usda.gov

     5. Main Point of Contact: Shawn Arner, Deputy Assistant

 Administrator, Office of Loan Origination and Approval, Rural Utilities

 Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture.



 H. Other Information



 1. USDA Non-Discrimination Statement

     USDA prohibits discrimination against its customers, employees, and

 applicants for employment on the bases of race, color, national origin,

 age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and where

 applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental

 status, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is

 derived from any public assistance program, or protected genetic

 information in employment or in any program or activity conducted or

 funded by USDA. (Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs

 and/or employment activities.)

 2. How to File a Complaint

     a. Equal Employment Opportunity Complaint. Individuals who wish to

 file an employment complaint must contact their Agency's EEO Counselor

 within 45 days of the date of the alleged discriminatory act, event, or

 in the case of a personnel action. Additional information can be found

 online at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_file.html.

     b. Program Discrimination Complaint. Individuals who wish to file a

 Program Discrimination Complaint must complete the USDA Program

 Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html or at any USDA office, or

 call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. A letter may also be written

 containing all of the information requested in the form. Send the

 completed complaint form or letter by mail to the U.S. Department of

 Agriculture, Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue

 SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax (202) 690-7442, or email at

 program.intake@usda.gov

 3. Persons With Disabilities

     Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing, or have speech

 disabilities and wish to file either an EEO or program complaint may

 contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339

 (English) or (800) 845-6136 (Spanish).

     Persons with disabilities who wish to file a program complaint,

 please see information above on how to contact USDA by mail or email.

 Individuals who require alternative means of communication for program

 information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) may contact

 USDA's TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).



      Dated: March 21, 2016.

 Joshua Cohen

 Deputy Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-08931 Filed 4-15-16; 8:45 am]

  BILLING CODE P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 18, 2016 Monday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Announcement of Grant Application Deadlines and Funding Levels

LENGTH: 6101  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Utilities Service Announcement of Grant
Application Deadlines and Funding Levels AGENCY: Rural Utilities Service, USDA.
ACTION: Notice of Funds Availability (NOFA).
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Utilities Service (RUS), an agency of the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA), herein referred to as RUS or the Agency, announces its
Community Connect Grant Program application window for Fiscal Year (FY) 2016.
This notice is being issued in order to allow potential applicants time to
submit proposals and give the Agency time to process applications within the
current fiscal year. In addition to announcing the application window, RUS
announces the minimum and maximum amounts for Community Connect grants
applicable for the fiscal year.

The Community Connect Grant Program regulation can be found at 7 CFR part 1739
(Subpart A). DATES: Submit completed paper or electronic applications for grants
according to the following deadlines:  Paper submissions: Paper submissions must
be postmarked

 and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no later than June 17, 2016 to

 be eligible for FY 2016 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications

 will not be eligible for FY 2016 grant funding.

      Electronic submissions: Electronic submissions must be

 received no later than June 17, 2016 to be eligible for FY 2016 grant

 funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for FY

 2016 grant funding.

      If the submission deadline falls on Saturday, Sunday, or a

 Federal holiday, the application is due the next business day.



 ADDRESSES: Copies of the FY 2016 Application Guide and materials for

 the Community Connect Grant Program may be obtained through:

     (1) The Community Connect Web site at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/community-connect-grants or

     (2) The RUS Office of Loan Origination and Approval at 202-720-

 0800.

     Completed applications may be submitted the following ways:



 [[Page 22568]]



     (1) Paper: Mail paper applications to the Rural Utilities Service,

 Telecommunications Program, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Room 2808, STOP

 1597, Washington, DC 20250-1597. Mark address with ``Attention: Deputy

 Assistant Administrator, Office of Loan Origination and Approval, Rural

 Utilities Service.''

     (2) Electronic: Submit electronic applications through Grants.gov.

 Information on electronic submission is available on the Grants.gov Web

 site (http://www.grants.gov) at any time, regardless of registration

 status. However, applicants must pre-register with Grants.gov to use

 the electronic applications option.



 FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Shawn Arner, Deputy Assistant

 Administrator, Office of Loan Origination and Approval, Rural Utilities

 Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, telephone: (202) 720-0800,

 fax: 1-884-885-8179.



 SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:



 Overview



     Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service (RUS).

     Funding Opportunity Title: Community Connect Grant Program.

     Announcement Type: Initial announcement.

     Funding Opportunity Number: RDRUS-CC-2016.

     Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.863.

     Dates: Submit completed paper or electronic applications for grants

 according to the deadlines indicated in Section D(5).



 A. Program Description



     The purpose of the Community Connect Grant Program is to provide

 financial assistance in the form of grants to eligible applicants that

 will provide broadband service to currently unserved, lower-income, and

 extremely rural areas. This broadband service is intended to foster

 economic growth and deliver enhanced educational, health care, and

 public safety services on a community-oriented connectivity basis. RUS

 will give priority to rural areas that have the greatest need for

 broadband services, based on the criteria contained herein.

     Grant authority will be used for the deployment of broadband

 service to extremely rural, lower-income communities on a community-

 oriented connectivity basis. By cultivating the deployment of new

 broadband services, the community-oriented connectivity concept will

 stimulate innovative uses and practical applications of the new

 broadband facilities in order to improve economic development and

 provide enhanced educational and health care opportunities in rural

 areas. Such an approach will also give rural communities the

 opportunity to benefit from the advanced technologies necessary to

 achieve these goals. The regulation for the Community Connect Program

 can be found at 7 CFR part 1739 (Subpart A).

     As in years past, the FY 2016 Community Connect Grant Application

 Guide has been updated based on program experience. All applicants

 should carefully review and prepare their applications according to

 instructions in the FY 2016 Application Guide and sample materials.

 Expenses incurred in developing applications will be at the applicant's

 own risk.



 B. Federal Award Information



     $11,740,000 is available for grants. Under 7 CFR 1739.2, the

 Administrator established a minimum grant amount of $100,000 and a

 maximum grant amount of $3,000,000 for FY 2016.

     The standard grant agreement, which specifies the term of each

 award, is available at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/UTP_Comm_ConnectGrantAgreement.pdf. The Agency will
make awards, and

 successful applicants will be required to execute documents appropriate

 to the project before the Agency will advance funding.

     While prior Community Connect grants cannot be renewed, existing

 Community Connect awardees may submit applications for new projects,

 which the Agency will evaluate as new applications. All grant

 applications must be submitted during the application window.



 C. Eligibility Information



 1. Eligible Applicants (See 7 CFR 1739.10)

     a. Only entities legally organized as one of the following are

 eligible for Community Connect Grant Program financial assistance:

     i. An incorporated organization;

     ii. An Indian tribe or tribal organization, as defined in 25 U.S.C.

 450b;

     iii. A state or local unit of government; or

     iv. A cooperative, private corporation, or limited liability

 company organized on a for-profit or not-for-profit basis.

     b. Applicants must have the legal capacity and authority to enter

 into contracts, to comply with applicable federal statutes and

 regulations, and to own and operate the broadband facilities as

 proposed in their application.

     c. Applicants must have an active registration with current

 information in the System for Award Management (SAM) (previously the

 Central Contractor Registry (CCR)) at https://www.sam.gov and have a

 Dun and Bradstreet (D&B) Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number.

 Further information regarding SAM registration and DUNS number

 acquisition can be found in Sections D(3) and D(4) of this Notice.

 2. Ineligible Applicants

     a. Individuals and partnerships are not eligible for financial

 assistance.

     b. Corporations that have been convicted of a Federal felony within

 the past 24 months are not eligible. Any corporation that has been

 assessed to have any unpaid federal tax liability, for which all

 judicial and administrative remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed

 and is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with

 the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability, is not

 eligible for financial assistance.

     c. In accordance with the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016,

 Sections 743-4, an entity that requires employees or contractors of

 such entity seeking to report fraud, waste, or abuse to sign internal

 confidentiality agreements or statements prohibiting or otherwise

 restricting such employees or contractors from lawfully reporting such

 waste, fraud, or abuse to a designated investigative or law enforcement

 representative of a Federal department or agency authorized to receive

 such information is not eligible for financial assistance.

 3. Cost Sharing or Matching

     The Community Connect Program requires matching contributions for

 grants. See 7 CFR 1739.14 and the FY 2016 Application Guide for

 information on required matching contributions.

     a. Grant applicants must demonstrate matching contributions in cash

 of at least fifteen percent (15%) of the total amount of financial

 assistance requested. Matching contributions must be used for eligible

 purposes of Community Connect grant assistance, as discussed in 7 CFR

 1739.12, 7 CFR 1739.13, and Section D(6) of this Notice for more

 information.

     b. Applications that do not provide sufficient documentation of the

 required fifteen percent match will be declared ineligible.



 [[Page 22569]]



 4. Other

     Eligible projects must propose to fulfill the following

 requirements (see 7 CFR 1739.11 for more information):

     a. Minimum Broadband Service Requirements. Until otherwise revised

 in the Federal Register, for applications in FY 2016, to qualify as

 Broadband Service, the minimum rate-of-data transmission is four

 megabits per second downstream plus one megabit per second upstream for

 both fixed and mobile broadband service.

     b. Minimum Broadband Grant Speed. The minimum bandwidth that an

 applicant must propose to deliver to every customer in the proposed

 funded service area is ten megabits downstream and one megabit upstream

 for both fixed and mobile service to the customer.

     c. Rural Area. A Rural Area refers to any area, as confirmed by the

 most recent decennial Census of the United States, which is not located

 within:

     i. A city, town, or incorporated area that has a population of

 greater than 20,000 inhabitants; or

     ii. An urbanized area contiguous and adjacent to a city or town

 that has a population of greater than 50,000 inhabitants. For purposes

 of the definition of Rural Area, an urbanized area means a densely

 populated territory as defined in the most recent decennial Census.

     d. Proposed Funded Service Area (PFSA). Applicants must propose a

 contiguous geographic area within an eligible Rural Area or eligible

 Rural Areas, in which Broadband Service does not currently exist, and

 where the applicant proposes to offer service at the Broadband Grant

 Speed to all residential and business customers. A PFSA must not

 overlap with the Service Areas of current RUS borrowers and grantees.

     e. Critical Community Facilities. Applicants must propose to offer

 service, free of charge to users, at the Broadband Grant Speed to all

 Critical Community Facilities located within the Proposed Funded

 Service Area for at least two (2) years.

     f. Community Center. Applicants must propose to provide a Community

 Center with at least two (2) Computer Access Points and wireless access

 at the Broadband Grant Speed free of charge to users for at least two

 (2) years.



 D. Application and Submission Information



     The FY 2016 Application Guide provides specific detailed

 instructions for each item in a complete application. The Agency

 emphasizes the importance of including every required item and strongly

 encourages applicants to follow the instructions carefully, using the

 examples and illustrations in the FY 2016 Application Guide.

 Applications submitted by the application deadline, but have critical

 missing items will be returned as ineligible. The Agency will not

 solicit or consider scoring or eligibility information that is

 submitted after the application deadline. However, depending on the

 specific scoring criteria, applications that do not include all items

 necessary for scoring may still be eligible applications, but may not

 receive full or any credit if the information cannot be verified. See

 the FY 2016 Application Guide for a full discussion of each required

 item. For requirements of completed grant applications, refer to 7 CFR

 1739.15.

 1. Address To Request Application Package

     The FY 2016 Application Guide, copies of necessary forms and

 samples, and the Community Connect Grant Program Regulation are

 available at:

     a. Electronic copies at http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
community-connect-grants and

     b. Paper copies from the Rural Utilities Service, Office of Loan

 Origination and Approval, 202-720-0800.

 2. Content and Form of Application Submission

     a. Carefully review the Community Connect Application Guide and the

 7 CFR part 1739, which detail all necessary forms and worksheets. A

 table summarizing the necessary components of a complete application

 can be found at Section D(2)(d).

     b. Submission of Application Items. Given the high volume of

 program interest, applicants should submit the required application

 items in the order indicated in the FY 2016 Application Guide.

 Applications that are not assembled and tabbed in the specified order

 prevent timely determination of eligibility. For applications with

 inconsistencies among submitted copies, the Agency will base its

 evaluation on the original signed application received.

     c. Additional Information. The Agency may ask for additional or

 clarifying information for applications submitted by the deadline which

 appear to meet the eligibility requirements, but require further

 review.

     d. Table of Required Elements of a Completed Grant Application.

 This table summarizes the items required for submission and the

 category into which they fall.



 ------------------------------------------------------------------------

        Application item             Regulation            Comments

 ------------------------------------------------------------------------

 A. Application for Federal      .................  Form provided in FY

  Assistance Form.                                   2016 Application

                                                     Tool Kit.

     SF-424 Standard Form

     A-2 SAM Registration        .................  Form provided in FY

      Information.                                   2016 Application

                                                     Tool Kit.

     A-3 State Director          .................  Form provided in FY

      Notification.                                  2016 Application

                                                     Tool Kit.

     A-4 Equal Opportunity       .................  Form provided in FY

      Survey.                                        2016 Application

                                                     Tool Kit.

 B. Executive Summary of the     .................  Narrative.

  Project.

 C. Scoring Criteria             .................  Narrative &

  Documentation.                                     Documentation.

     Special Considerations....  .................  Documentation.

 D. System Design..............  .................  Narrative &

                                                     Documentation.

     Network Diagram...........  .................  Documentation.

     Environmental               7 CFR part 1970..  Narrative &

      Questionnaire.                                 Documentation.

 E. Service Area Map...........  .................  Provided in RUS web-

                                                     based Mapping Tool.

      Service Area Demographics  .................  Documentation.

 F. Scope of Work..............  .................  Narrative &

                                                     Documentation.

     Construction Build-out and  .................  Form provided in FY

      Project Milestones.                            2016 Application

                                                     Tool Kit.

     Project Budget............  .................  Form provided in FY

                                                     2016 Application

                                                     Tool Kit.

 G. Community-oriented           .................  Narrative.

  Connectivity Plan.

 H. Financial Information and    .................  Narrative &

  Sustainability.                                    Documentation.

 I. Statement of Experience....  .................  Narrative

 J. Evidence of Legal Authority  .................  Documentation

  and Existence.

 K. Additional Funding.........  .................  Narrative &

                                                     Documentation.



 [[Page 22570]]





 L. Compliance with Other

  Statutes and Regulations

     Equal Opportunity and       7 CFR part 15      Form provided in FY

      Nondiscrimination.          (Subpart A).       2016 Application

                                                     Tool Kit.

     Uniform Relocation          49 CFR part 24     Form provided in FY

      Assistance and Real         and 7 CFR part     2016 Application

      Property Acquisition        21.                Tool Kit.

      Policies Act of 1970.

     Debarment, Suspension, and  7 CFR part 3017..  Form provided in FY

      Other Responsibility                           2016 Application

      Matters.                                       Tool Kit.

     Lobbying for Contracts,     7 CFR part 3018..  Form provided in FY

      Grants, Loans, and                             2016 Application

      Cooperative Agreements.                        Tool Kit.

     Drug-Free Workplace.......  7 CFR part 3017..  Form provided in FY

                                                     2016 Application

                                                     Tool Kit.

     Architectural Barriers....  .................  Form provided in FY

                                                     2016 Application

                                                     Tool Kit.

     Flood Hazard Area           7 CFR 1970.......  Form provided in FY

      Precautions.                                   2016 Application

                                                     Tool Kit.

     Non-Duplication of          .................  Form provided in FY

      Services.                                      2016 Application

                                                     Tool Kit.

     Federal Collection          .................  Form provided in FY

      Policies for Commercial                        2016 Application

      Debt.                                          Tool Kit.

     Assurance Regarding Felony  .................  Form provided in FY

      Conviction or Tax                              2016 Application

      Delinquent Status for                          Tool Kit (corporate

      Corporate Applicants.                          applicants--only).

 ------------------------------------------------------------------------



     e. Number of copies of submitted applications.

     i. Applications submitted on paper. Submit the original application

 and two (2) copies to RUS.

     ii. Applications submitted electronically. Submit the electronic

 application once. Carefully read the FY 2016 Application Guide for

 guidance on submitting an electronic application. Applicants should

 identify and number each page in the same manner as the paper

 application.

 3. Dun and Bradstreet Universal Numbering System (DUNS) Number

     The applicant for a grant must supply a Dun and Bradstreet Data

 Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number as part of the application.

 The Standard Form 424 (SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS number.

 The applicant can obtain the DUNS number free of charge by calling Dun

 and Bradstreet. Go to http://fedgov.dnb.com/webform for more

 information on DUNS number acquisition or confirmation.

 4. System for Award Management (SAM)

     Prior to submitting a paper or an electronic application, the

 applicant must register in the System for Award Management (SAM) at

 https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/. Throughout the RUS application

 review and the active Federal grant funding period, SAM registration

 must be active with current data at all times. To maintain active SAM

 registration, the applicant must review and update the information in

 the SAM database annually from the date of initial registration or from

 the date of the last update. The applicant must ensure that the

 information in the database is current, accurate, and complete.

 5. Submission Dates and Times

     a. Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or

 sent overnight no later than June 17, 2016 to be eligible for FY 2016

 grant funding. Late applications, applications which do not include

 proof of mailing or shipping, and incomplete applications are not

 eligible for FY 2016 grant funding. If the submission deadline falls on

 Saturday, Sunday, or a Federal holiday, the application is due the next

 business day. In the event of an incomplete application, the Agency

 will notify the applicant in writing, return the application, and

 terminate all further action.

     i. Address paper applications to the Telecommunications Program,

 RUS, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Room

 2808, STOP 1597, Washington, DC 20250-1597. Applications should be

 marked, ``Attention: Deputy Assistant Administrator, Office of Loan

 Origination and Approval.''

     ii. Paper applications must show proof of mailing or shipping by

 the deadline consisting of one of the following:

     A. A legibly dated U.S. Postal Service (USPS) postmark;

     B. A legible mail receipt with the date of mailing stamped by the

 USPS; or

     C. A dated shipping label, invoice, or receipt from a commercial

 carrier.

     iii. Due to screening procedures at the U.S. Department of

 Agriculture, packages arriving via regular mail through the USPS are

 irradiated, which can damage the contents and delay delivery to the

 Community Connect Program. RUS encourages applicants to consider the

 impact of this procedure in selecting their application delivery

 method.

     b. Electronic grant applications must be received no later than

 June 17, 2016 to be eligible for FY 2016 funding. Late or incomplete

 applications will not be eligible for FY 2016 grant funding.

     i. Applications will not be accepted via fax or electronic mail.

     ii. Electronic applications for grants must be submitted through

 the Federal government's Grants.gov initiative at http://www.grants.gov/.
Grants.gov contains full instructions on all required

 passwords, credentialing, and software.

     iii. Grants.gov requires some credentialing and online

 authentication procedures. These procedures may take several business

 days to complete. Therefore, the applicant should complete the

 registration, credentialing, and authorization procedures at Grants.gov

 before submitting an application.

     iv. Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering System. The

 applicant for a grant must supply a Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal

 Numbering System (DUNS) number as part of the application. See section

 D(3) of this Notice for more information.

     v. System for Award Management. Grants.gov requires that the

 applicant's organization is registered in the System for Award

 Management (SAM). Be sure to obtain the organization's SAM listing well

 in advance of the application deadline. See section D(4) of this Notice

 for more information.

     vi. RUS encourages applicants who wish to apply through Grants.gov

 to submit their applications in advance of the deadline.

     vii. If system errors or technical difficulties occur, use the

 customer support resources available at the Grants.gov Web site.

 6. Funding Restrictions

     a. Eligible grant purposes.

     Grant funds may be used to finance:

     i. The construction, acquisition, or leasing of facilities,

 including spectrum, land or buildings to deploy service at the

 Broadband Grant Speed to all participating Critical Community

 Facilities and all required facilities needed to offer such service to

 all residential and business customers



 [[Page 22571]]



 located within the Proposed Funded Service Area;

     ii. The improvement, expansion, construction, or acquisition of a

 Community Center that furnishes free internet access at the Broadband

 Grant Speed and provision of Computer Access Points. Grant funds

 provided for such costs shall not exceed the lesser of ten percent

 (10%) of the grant amount requested or $150,000; and

     iii. The cost of bandwidth to provide service free of charge at the

 Broadband Grant Speed to Critical Community Facilities for the first

 two (2) years of operation.

     b. Ineligible grant purposes.

     Grant funds may not be used to finance:

     i. The duplication of any existing Broadband Service provided by

 another entity;

     ii. Operating expenses other than the cost of bandwidth for two (2)

 years to provide service at the Broadband Grant Speed to Critical

 Community Facilities; or

     iii. Any other operating expenses not specifically permitted in 7

 CFR 1739.12.

     c. Other. For more information, see 7 CFR 1739.3 for definitions, 7

 CFR 1739.12 for eligible grant purposes, and 7 CFR 1739.13 for

 ineligible grant purposes.



 E. Application Review Information



 1. Criteria

     Grant applications are scored competitively and are subject to the

 criteria listed below (total possible points: 115. See 7 CFR 1739.17

 and the FY 2016 Application Guide for more information on the scoring

 criteria):

     a. Needs Category. An analysis of the challenges of the following

 criteria, laid out on a community-wide basis, and how the project

 proposes to address these issues (up to 50 points):

     i. Economic characteristics;

     ii. Educational challenges;

     iii. Health care needs; and

     iv. Public safety issues.

     b. Stakeholder Involvement Category. The extent of the Project's

 planning, development, and support from local residents, institutions,

 and Critical Community Facilities (up to 40 points);

     c. Experience Category. The level of experience and past success of

 broadband systems operation for the management team (up to 10 points);

     d. Special Consideration Areas Category. In accordance with 7 CFR

 1739.1(a), applicants may receive special consideration if they submit

 documentation demonstrating that they will provide broadband service

 within the following areas (15 points):

     i. Tribal jurisdiction or trust areas,

     iii. Promise Zone (for further information, see the Promise Zone

 Web site at http://www.hud.gov/promisezones/, or

     iv. Strike Force area (for further information, see the Strikeforce

 Web site at http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usda?navid=STRIKE_FORCE).

     e. In making a final selection among and between applications with

 comparable rankings and geographic distribution, the Administrator may

 take into consideration the characteristics of the Proposed Funded

 Service Area (PFSA), as identified in 7 CFR 1739.17(d).

 2. Review and Selection Process

     Grant applications are ranked by the final score. RUS selects

 applications based on those rankings, subject to the availability of

 funds and consistent with 7 CFR 1739.17. In addition, it should be

 noted that an application receiving fewer points can be selected over a

 higher scoring application in the event that there are insufficient

 funds available to cover the costs of the higher scoring application,

 as stated in 7 CFR 1739.16(f).

     a. In addition to the scoring criteria that rank applications

 against each other, the Agency evaluates grant applications on the

 following items, in accordance with 7 CFR 1739.16:

     i. Financial feasibility. A proposal that does not indicate

 financial feasibility or that is not sustainable will not be approved

 for an award.

     ii. Technical considerations. An application that contains flaws

 that would prevent the successful implementation, operation, or

 sustainability of the project will not be approved for an award.

     b. Applications conforming with this part will then be evaluated

 competitively and ranked by a panel of RUS employees that the

 Administrator of RUS selects, and will be awarded points as described

 in the scoring criteria in 7 CFR 1739.17. Applications will be ranked

 and grants awarded in order until all grant funds are expended.

     d. The Agency reserves the right to offer the applicant a lower

 amount than the amount proposed in the application, as stated in 7 CFR

 1739.16(g).



 F. Federal Award Administration Information



 1. Federal Award Notices

     a. Successful applications.

     i. Recipient notification. RUS notifies applicants whose projects

 are selected for awards by mailing or emailing a copy of the award

 letter. The receipt of an award letter does not authorize the applicant

 to commence performance under the award. After sending the award

 letter, the Agency will send an agreement that contains all the terms

 and conditions, as referenced in 7 CFR 1739.18 and Section B of this

 Notice. A copy of the standard agreement is posted on the RUS Web site

 at http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/community-connect-grants.

 The Rural Utilities Service recognizes that each funded project is

 unique, and therefore may attach conditions to different projects'

 award documents. An applicant must execute and return the grant

 agreement, accompanied by any additional items required by the

 agreement, within the number of days specified in the selection notice

 letter.

 2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements

     The items listed in this Notice, the Community Connect Grant

 Program regulation, the FY2016 Application Guide, and accompanying

 materials implement the appropriate administrative and national policy

 requirements, which include, but are not limited to:

     a. Executing a Community Connect Grant Agreement;

     b. Using Form SF 270, ``Request for Advance or Reimbursement,'' to

 request reimbursements (along with the submission of receipts for

 expenditures, timesheets, and any other documentation to support the

 request for reimbursement);

     c. Providing annual project performance activity reports until the

 expiration of the award;

     d. Ensuring that records are maintained to document all activities

 and expenditures utilizing Community Connect grant funds and matching

 funds (receipts for expenditures are to be included in this

 documentation);

     e. Providing a final project performance report;

     f. Complying with policies, guidance, and requirements as described

 in the following applicable Code of Federal Regulations, and any

 successor regulations;

     i. 2 CFR parts 200 and 400 (Uniform Administrative Requirements,

 Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards),

     ii. 2 CFR part 417 (Nonprocurement Debarment and Suspension),

     iii. 2 CFR part 180 (Government-wide Debarment and Suspension);

     g. Signing Form AD-3031 (``Assurance Regarding Felony Conviction or

 Tax Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants'') (for corporate

 applicants only); and



 [[Page 22572]]



     h. Complying with Executive Order 13166, ``Improving Access to

 Services for Persons with Limited English Proficiency.'' For

 information on limited English proficiency and agency-specific

 guidance, go to http://www.LEP.gov.

 3. Reporting

     a. Performance reporting. All recipients of Community Connect Grant

 Program financial assistance must provide annual performance activity

 reports to RUS until the project is complete and the funds are

 expended. A final performance report is also required; the final report

 may serve as the last annual report. The final report must include an

 evaluation of the success of the project in meeting the Community

 Connect Grant Program objectives. See 7 CFR 1739.19 and 2 CFR 200.328

 for additional information on these reporting requirements.

     b. Financial reporting. All recipients of Community Connect Grant

 Program financial assistance must provide an annual audit, beginning

 with the first year in which a portion of the financial assistance is

 expended. Audits are governed by United States Department of

 Agriculture audit regulations. See 7 CFR 1739.20 and 2 CFR part 200

 (Subpart F) for a description of the financial reporting requirements.

     c. Recipient and Sub-recipient Reporting. The applicant must have

 the necessary processes and systems in place to comply with the

 reporting requirements for first-tier sub-awards and executive

 compensation under the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency

 Act of 2006 in the event the applicant receives funding unless such

 applicant is exempt from such reporting requirements pursuant to 2 CFR

 170.110(b). The reporting requirements under the Transparency Act

 pursuant to 2 CFR 170 are as follows:

     i. First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more (unless they are exempt

 under 2 CFR part 170) must be reported by the Recipient to https://www.fsrs.gov
no later than the end of the month following the month the

 obligation was made. Please note that currently underway is a

 consolidation of eight federal procurement systems, including the

 Federal Sub-award Reporting System (FSRS), into one system, the System

 for Award Management (SAM). As a result, the FSRS will soon be

 consolidated into and accessed through https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.

     ii. The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (the five

 most highly compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient

 (if the Recipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ by the end of the month following the

 month in which the award was made.

     iii. The Total Compensation of the Sub-recipient's Executives (the

 five most highly compensated executives) must be reported by the Sub-

 recipient (if the Sub-recipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part

 170) to the Recipient by the end of the month following the month in

 which the sub-award was made.

     d. Record Keeping and Accounting. The contract will contain

 provisions related to record keeping and accounting requirements.



 G. Federal Awarding Agency Contacts



     1. Web site: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
community-connect-grants. This site maintains up-to-date resources and contact

 information for the Community Connect Grant Program.

     2. Telephone: 202-720-0800.

     3. Fax: 1-844-885-8179.

     4. Email: community.connect@wdc.usda.gov

     5. Main Point of Contact: Shawn Arner, Deputy Assistant

 Administrator, Office of Loan Origination and Approval, Rural Utilities

 Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture.



 H. Other Information



 1. USDA Non-Discrimination Statement

     USDA prohibits discrimination against its customers, employees, and

 applicants for employment on the bases of race, color, national origin,

 age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and where

 applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental

 status, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is

 derived from any public assistance program, or protected genetic

 information in employment or in any program or activity conducted or

 funded by USDA. (Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs

 and/or employment activities.)

 2. How to File a Complaint

     a. Equal Employment Opportunity Complaint. Individuals who wish to

 file an employment complaint must contact their Agency's EEO Counselor

 within 45 days of the date of the alleged discriminatory act, event, or

 in the case of a personnel action. Additional information can be found

 online at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_file.html.

     b. Program Discrimination Complaint. Individuals who wish to file a

 Program Discrimination Complaint must complete the USDA Program

 Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html or at any USDA office, or

 call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. A letter may also be written

 containing all of the information requested in the form. Send the

 completed complaint form or letter by mail to the U.S. Department of

 Agriculture, Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue

 SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax (202) 690-7442, or email at

 program.intake@usda.gov

 3. Persons With Disabilities

     Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing, or have speech

 disabilities and wish to file either an EEO or program complaint may

 contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339

 (English) or (800) 845-6136 (Spanish).

     Persons with disabilities who wish to file a program complaint,

 please see information above on how to contact USDA by mail or email.

 Individuals who require alternative means of communication for program

 information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) may contact

 USDA's TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).



      Dated: March 21, 2016.

 Joshua Cohen

 Deputy Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.

 [FR Doc. 2016-08931 Filed 4-15-16; 8:45 am]

  BILLING CODE P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              12 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 10, 2017 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Announcement of Grant Application Deadlines and Funding Levels
Pages 2940 - 2945 [FR DOC # 2017-00194]

LENGTH: 6428  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Utilities Service Announcement of Grant
Application Deadlines and Funding Levels AGENCY: Rural Utilities Service, USDA.
ACTION: Notice of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA).
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Utilities Service (RUS), an agency of the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA), herein referred to as RUS or the Agency, announces its
Community Connect Grant Program application window for Fiscal Year (FY) 2017. In
addition, this NOSA announces the minimum and maximum Community Connect grant
amounts, the funding priority, the application submission dates, the agency
contact information, and the procedures for submission of paper and electronic
applications. RUS will publish the amount of funding received in the final
appropriations act on its Web site at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/newsroom/notices-solicitation-applications-nosas.
Applicants can review the Community Connect Grant Program regulation at 7 CFR
part 1739 (Subpart A). DATES: Submit completed paper or electronic grant
applications by the following deadlines:  Paper submissions: Paper submissions
must be postmarked



 and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no later than March 13, 2017 to

 be eligible for FY 2017 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications

 will not be eligible for FY 2017 grant funding.

      Electronic submissions: Electronic submissions must be

 received no later than March 13, 2017 to be eligible for FY 2017 grant

 funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for FY

 2017 grant funding.

      If the submission deadline falls on Saturday, Sunday, or a

 Federal holiday, the application is due the next business day.



 ADDRESSES: Copies of the FY 2017 Application Guide and materials for

 the Community Connect Grant Program may be obtained through:

     (1) The Community Connect Web site at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/community-connect-grants; and

     (2) The RUS Office of Loan Origination and Approval at 202-720-

 0800.

     Completed applications may be submitted the following ways:

     (1) Paper: Mail paper applications to the Rural Utilities Service,

 Telecommunications Program, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Room 2844, STOP

 1597, Washington, DC 20250-1597. Mark address with ``Attention: Deputy

 Assistant Administrator, Office of Loan Origination and Approval, Rural

 Utilities Service.''

     (2) Electronic: Submit electronic applications through Grants.gov.

 Prospective applicants can access information on submitting electronic

 applications at any time, regardless of registration status, through

 the Grants.gov Web site at http://www.grants.gov. However, in order to

 use the electronic submission option, applicants must register with

 Grants.gov.



 FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Shawn Arner, Deputy Assistant

 Administrator, Office of Loan Origination and Approval, Rural Utilities

 Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, telephone: (202) 720-0800.



 SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:



 Overview



     Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service (RUS).

     Funding Opportunity Title: Community Connect Grant Program.

     Announcement Type: Initial announcement.

     Funding Opportunity Number: RDRUS-CC-2017.

     Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.863.

     Dates: Applicants must submit the paper or electronic grant

 applications by the deadlines found in this section and Section D(5).



 A. Program Description



     The purpose of the Community Connect Grant Program is to provide

 financial assistance in the form of grants to eligible applicants that

 will provide service at the Broadband Grant Speed to all premises in

 currently unserved, lower-income, and extremely rural areas. RUS will

 give priority to rural areas that demonstrate the greatest need for

 broadband services, based on the criteria contained herein.

     In addition to providing service to all premises, the program's

 ``community-oriented connectivity'' concept will stimulate practical,

 everyday uses and applications of broadband by cultivating the

 deployment of new broadband services that improve economic development

 and provide enhanced educational and health care opportunities in rural

 areas. Such an approach will also give rural communities the

 opportunity to benefit from the advanced technologies that are

 necessary to achieve these goals. The regulation for the Community

 Connect Program can be found at 7 CFR part 1739.

     As in years past, the FY 2017 Community Connect Grant Application

 Guide has been updated based on program experience. All applicants

 should carefully review and prepare their applications according to

 instructions in the FY 2017 Application Guide and sample materials.

 Expenses incurred in developing applications will be at the applicant's

 own risk.



 B. Federal Award Information



     In accordance with 7 CFR 1739.2, the Administrator has established

 a minimum grant request amount of $100,000 and a maximum grant request

 amount of $3,000,000 per application for FY 2017.

     The standard grant agreement, which specifies the term of each

 award, is available at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/UTP_Comm_ConnectGrantAgreement.pdf. The Agency will
make awards, and

 successful applicants will be required to execute documents appropriate

 to the project before the Agency will advance funding.

     While prior Community Connect grants cannot be renewed, existing

 Community Connect awardees may submit applications for new projects.

 The Agency will evaluate project proposals from existing awardees as

 new applications. All grant applications must be submitted during the

 application window.



 C. Eligibility Information



 1. Eligible Applicants (See 7 CFR 1739.10)

     a. Only entities legally organized as one of the following are

 eligible for Community Connect Grant Program financial assistance:

     i. An incorporated organization.



 [[Page 2941]]



     ii. An Indian tribe or tribal organization, as defined in 25 U.S.C.

 450b.

     iii. A state or local unit of government.

     iv. Other legal entity, including a cooperative, private

 corporation, or limited liability company organized on a for-profit or

 not-for-profit basis.

     b. Applicants must have the legal capacity and authority to enter

 into contracts, to comply with applicable federal statutes and

 regulations, and to own and operate the broadband facilities as

 proposed in their application.

     c. Applicants must have an active registration with current

 information in the System for Award Management (SAM) at https://www.sam.gov and
have a Dun and Bradstreet (D&B) Data Universal

 Numbering System (DUNS) number. Further information regarding SAM

 registration and DUNS number acquisition can be found in Sections D(3)

 and D(4) of this NOSA.

 2. Ineligible Applicants

     a. The following entities are not eligible for Community Connect

 Grant Program financial assistance:

     i. Individuals and partnerships.

     ii. Corporations that have been convicted of a Federal felony

 within the past 24 months. Any corporation that has been assessed to

 have any unpaid federal tax liability, for which all judicial and

 administrative remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed and is not

 being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with the

 authority responsible for collecting the tax liability, is not eligible

 for financial assistance.

     b. In accordance with the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016,

 Sections 743-4, no funds may be available ``for a contract, grant, or

 cooperative agreement with an entity that requires employees or

 contractors of such entity seeking to report fraud, waste, or abuse to

 sign internal confidentiality agreements or statements prohibiting or

 otherwise restricting such employees or contractors from lawfully

 reporting such waste, fraud, or abuse to a designated investigative or

 law enforcement representative of a Federal department or agency

 authorized to receive such information.''

 3. Cost Sharing or Matching

     The Community Connect Grant Program requires matching contributions

 for grants. See 7 CFR 1739.14 and the FY 2017 Application Guide for

 information on required matching contributions.

     a. Grant applicants must demonstrate matching contributions in cash

 of at least fifteen percent (15%) of the requested grant amount.

 Matching contributions must be used solely for the Project and shall

 not include any financial assistance from federal sources unless there

 is a federal statutory exception specifically authorizing the federal

 financial assistance to be considered as such as discussed in 7 CFR

 1739.14.

     b. Applications that do not provide sufficient documentation of the

 required fifteen percent match will be declared ineligible.

 4. Funding Restrictions

     a. Eligible grant purposes.

     Grant funds may be used to finance:

     i. The construction, acquisition, or leasing of facilities,

 including spectrum, land or buildings to deploy service at the

 Broadband Grant Speed to all participating Critical Community

 Facilities and all required facilities needed to offer such service to

 all residential and business customers located within the Proposed

 Funded Service Area;

     ii. The improvement, expansion, construction, or acquisition of a

 Community Center that furnishes free internet access at the Broadband

 Grant Speed and provides Computer Access Points. Grant funds provided

 for such costs shall not exceed the lesser of ten percent (10%) of the

 grant amount requested or $150,000; and

     iii. The cost of bandwidth to provide service free of charge at the

 Broadband Grant Speed to Critical Community Facilities for the first

 two (2) years of operation.

     b. Ineligible grant purposes.

     Grant funds may not be used to finance:

     i. The duplication of any existing Broadband Service provided by

 another entity.

     ii. Operating expenses other than the cost of providing bandwidth

 at the Broadband Grant Speed to the Critical Community Facilities for

 two (2) years.

     iii. Any other operating expenses not specifically permitted in 7

 CFR 1739.12.

     c. Other. For more information, see 7 CFR 1739.3 for definitions, 7

 CFR 1739.12 for eligible grant purposes, and 7 CFR 1739.13 for

 ineligible grant purposes.

 5. Other

     Eligible projects must propose to fulfill the following

 requirements (see 7 CFR 1739.11 for more information):

     a. Minimum Broadband Service. RUS uses this measurement to

 determine whether a proposed funded service area is served or unserved.

 Until otherwise revised in the Federal Register, the minimum rate-of-

 data transmission that qualifies as Minimum Broadband Service is four

 (4) megabits per second downstream and one (1) megabit per second

 upstream for both fixed and mobile broadband service. RUS will

 determine that Broadband Service does not exist for areas with no

 broadband access or whose access is less than 4 Mbps downstream plus 1

 Mbps upstream.

     b. Minimum Broadband Grant Speed. The minimum bandwidth that an

 applicant must propose to deliver to every customer in the proposed

 funded service area. Until otherwise revised in the Federal Register,

 the minimum rate-of-data transmission that qualifies as Minimum

 Broadband Grant Speed is ten (10) megabits downstream and one (1)

 megabit upstream for both fixed and mobile service to the customer.

     c. Rural Area. A Rural Area refers to any area, as confirmed by the

 most recent decennial Census of the United States, which is not located

 within:

     i. A city, town, or incorporated area that has a population of

 greater than 20,000 inhabitants; or

     ii. An urbanized area contiguous and adjacent to a city or town

 that has a population of greater than 50,000 inhabitants. For purposes

 of the definition of Rural Area, an urbanized area means a densely

 populated territory as defined in the most recent decennial Census.

     d. Proposed Funded Service Area (PFSA). Applicants must define a

 contiguous geographic area within an eligible Rural Area, in which

 Broadband Service does not currently exist, and where the applicant

 proposes to offer service at the Broadband Grant Speed to all

 residential and business customers. A PFSA must not overlap with

 Service Areas of current RUS borrowers and grantees.

     e. Critical Community Facilities. Applicants must propose to offer

 service, free of charge to users, at the Broadband Grant Speed to all

 Critical Community Facilities located within the Proposed Funded

 Service Area for at least two (2) years.

     f. Community Center. Applicants must propose to provide a Community

 Center, within the PFSA, with at least two (2) Computer Access Points

 and wireless access at the Broadband Grant Speed free of charge to

 users for at least two (2) years.



 D. Application and Submission Information



     The FY 2017 Application Guide provides specific detailed

 instructions



 [[Page 2942]]



 for each item in a complete application. The Agency emphasizes the

 importance of including every required item and strongly encourages

 applicants to follow the instructions carefully, using the examples and

 illustrations in the FY 2017 Application Guide. Applications submitted

 by the application deadline, but have critical missing items will be

 returned as ineligible. The Agency will not solicit or consider scoring

 or eligibility information that is submitted after the application

 deadline. However, depending on the specific scoring criteria,

 applications that do not include all items necessary for scoring may

 still be eligible applications, but may not receive full or any credit

 if the information cannot be verified. See the FY 2017 Application

 Guide for a full discussion of each required item. For a comprehensive

 list of all information required in a grant application, refer to 7 CFR

 1739.15.

 1. Address To Request Application Package

     The FY 2017 Application Guide, copies of necessary forms and

 samples, and the Community Connect Grant Program Regulation are

 available in the following locations:

     a. Community Connect Grant Program Web page at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/community-connect-grants.

     b. The Office of Loan Origination and Approval in RUS; call 202-

 720-0800.

 2. Content and Form of Application Submission

     a. Carefully review the Community Connect Application Guide and the

 7 CFR part 1739, which detail all necessary forms and worksheets. A

 table summarizing the necessary components of a complete application

 can be found in Section D(2)(d).

     b. Submission of Application Items. Given the high volume of

 program interest, applicants should submit the required application

 items in the order indicated in the FY 2017 Application Guide.

 Applications that are not assembled and tabbed in the specified order

 impede timely determination of eligibility. For applications with

 inconsistencies among submitted copies, the Agency will base its

 evaluation on the original signed application received.

     c. Additional Information. The Agency may ask for additional or

 clarifying information for applications submitted by the deadline which

 appear to meet the eligibility requirements, but require further

 review.

     d. Table of Required Information in a Complete Grant Application.

 This table summarizes and categorizes the items required in a grant

 application.



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------

                                         Application item           Regulation
Comments

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------

 A..................................  Application for
......................  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       Federal Assistance
Application Guide.

                                       Form.

                                      SF-424 Standard Form..

                                      A-2 SAM Registration
......................  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       Information.
Application Guide.

                                      A-3 State Director
......................  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       Notification.
Application Guide.

                                      A-4 Equal Opportunity
......................  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       Survey.
Application Guide.

 B..................................  Executive Summary of
......................  Narrative.

                                       the Project.

 C..................................  Scoring Criteria
......................  Narrative & Documentation.

                                       Documentation.

                                      Special Considerations
......................  Documentation.

 D..................................  System Design.........
......................  Narrative & Documentation.

                                      Network Diagram.......
......................  Documentation.

                                      Environmental           7 CFR part
1970.......  Narrative & Documentation.

                                       Questionnaire.

 E..................................  Service Area Map......
......................  Provided in RUS web-based


Mapping Tool.

                                      Service Area
......................  Documentation.

                                       Demographics.

 F..................................  Scope of Work.........
......................  Narrative & Documentation.

                                      Construction Build-out
......................  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       and Project
Application Guide.

                                       Milestones.

                                      Project Budget........
......................  Form provided in FY 2017


Application Guide.

 G..................................  Community-oriented
......................  Narrative.

                                       Connectivity Plan.

 H..................................  Financial Information
......................  Narrative & Documentation.

                                       and Sustainability.

 I..................................  Statement of
......................  Narrative.

                                       Experience.

 J..................................  Evidence of Legal
......................  Documentation.

                                       Authority and

                                       Existence.

 K..................................  Additional Funding....
......................  Narrative & Documentation.

 L..................................  Compliance with Other

                                       Statutes and

                                       Regulations.

                                      Equal Opportunity and   7 CFR part 15
(Subpart  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       Nondiscrimination.      A).
Application Guide.

                                      Uniform Relocation      49 CFR Part 24 and
7    Form provided in FY 2017

                                       Assistance and Real     CFR Part 21.
Application Guide.

                                       Property Acquisition

                                       Policies Act of 1970.

                                      Debarment, Suspension,  7 CFR Part
3017.......  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       and Other
Application Guide.

                                       Responsibility

                                       Matters.

                                      Lobbying for            7 CFR Part
3018.......  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       Contracts, Grants,
Application Guide.

                                       Loans, and

                                       Cooperative

                                       Agreements.

                                      Drug-Free Workplace...  7 CFR Part
3017.......  Form provided in FY 2017


Application Guide.

                                      Architectural Barriers
......................  Form provided in FY 2017


Application Guide.

                                      Flood Hazard Area       7 CFR
1970............  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       Precautions.
Application Guide.

                                      Non-Duplication of
......................  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       Services.
Application Guide.

                                      Federal Collection
......................  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       Policies for
Application Guide.

                                       Commercial Debt.



 [[Page 2943]]





                                      Assurance Regarding
......................  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       Felony Conviction or
Application Guide

                                       Tax Delinquent Status
(corporate applicants-

                                       for Corporate
only).

                                       Applicants.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------



     e. Number of copies of submitted applications.

     i. Applications submitted on paper. Submit the original application

 and two (2) copies to RUS.

     ii. Applications submitted electronically through Grants.gov.

 Submit the electronic application once. Carefully read the FY 2017

 Application Guide for guidance on submitting an electronic application.

 Applicants should identify and number each page in the same manner as

 the paper application.

 3. Dun and Bradstreet Universal Numbering System (DUNS) Number

     The grant applicant must supply a DUNS number as part of the

 application. The Standard Form 424 (SF-424) contains a field for the

 DUNS number. The applicant can obtain the DUNS number free of charge by

 calling Dun and Bradstreet. Go to http://fedgov.dnb.com /webform for

 more information on DUNS number acquisition or confirmation.

 4. System for Award Management (SAM)

     Prior to submitting a paper or an electronic application, the

 applicant must register in SAM at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/. SAM
registration must be active with current data at all times,

 from the application review throughout the active Federal grant funding

 period. To maintain active SAM registration, the applicant must review

 and update the information in the SAM database annually from the date

 of initial registration or from the date of the last update. The

 applicant must ensure that the information in the database is current,

 accurate, and complete.

 5. Submission Dates and Times

     a. Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or

 sent overnight no later than March 13, 2017 to be eligible for FY 2017

 grant funding. Late applications, applications which do not include

 proof of mailing or shipping, and incomplete applications are not

 eligible for FY 2017 grant funding. If the submission deadline falls on

 Saturday, Sunday, or a Federal holiday, the application is due the next

 business day. In the event of an incomplete application, the Agency

 will notify the applicant in writing, return the application, and

 terminate all further action.

     i. Address paper applications to the Telecommunications Program,

 RUS, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Room

 2844, STOP 1597, Washington, DC 20250-1597. Applications should be

 marked, ``Attention: Deputy Assistant Administrator, Office of Loan

 Origination and Approval.''

     ii. Paper applications must show proof of mailing or shipping by

 the deadline with one of the following:

     A. A legibly dated U.S. Postal Service (USPS) postmark.

     B. A legible mail receipt with the date of mailing stamped by the

 USPS.

     C. A dated shipping label, invoice, or receipt from a commercial

 carrier.

     iii. Due to screening procedures at the USDA, packages arriving via

 regular mail through the USPS are irradiated, which can damage the

 contents and delay delivery to the office. RUS encourages applicants to

 consider the impact of this procedure when selecting their application

 delivery method.

     b. Electronic grant applications submitted through Grants.gov must

 be received no later than March 13, 2017 to be eligible for FY 2017

 funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for FY

 2017 grant funding.

     i. Applications will not be accepted via fax or electronic mail.

     ii. Electronic applications for grants must be submitted through

 the federal government's Grants.gov initiative at http://www.grants.gov/.
Grants.gov contains full instructions on all required

 passwords, credentialing, and software.

     iii. Grants.gov requires some credentialing and online

 authentication procedures. These procedures may take several business

 days to complete. Therefore, the applicant should complete the

 registration, credentialing, and authorization procedures at Grants.gov

 before submitting an application.

     iv. Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS). The

 grant applicant must supply a DUNS number as part of the application.

 See Section D(3) of this NOSA for more information.

     v. System for Award Management (SAM). Grants.gov requires that the

 applicant's organization is registered in SAM. Be sure to obtain the

 organization's SAM listing well in advance of the application deadline.

 See Section D(4) of this NOSA for more information.

     vi. RUS encourages applicants who wish to apply through Grants.gov

 to submit their applications in advance of the deadline.

     vii. If system errors or technical difficulties occur, use the

 customer support resources available at the Grants.gov Web site.



 E. Application Review Information



 1. Criteria

     Grant applications are scored competitively and are subject to the

 criteria listed below. The maximum number of points possible is 115.

 See 7 CFR 1739.17 and the FY 2017 Application Guide for more

 information on the scoring criteria.

     a. Needs Category. The Agency analyzes the challenges related to

 the following criteria and the ways in which the project proposes to

 address these issues (up to 50 points):

     i. Economic characteristics.

     ii. Educational challenges.

     iii. Health care needs.

     iv. Public safety issues.

     b. Stakeholder Involvement Category. The Agency analyzes the extent

 of the project planning, development, and support from local residents,

 institutions, and Critical Community Facilities (up to 40 points).

     c. Experience Category. The Agency analyzes the management team's

 level of experience and past success of broadband systems operation (up

 to 10 points).

     d. Special Consideration Areas Category. In accordance with 7 CFR

 1739.1(a), applicants may receive special consideration if they submit

 documentation demonstrating that they will provide service at the

 Broadband Grant Speed within the following areas (15 points):

     i. Tribal jurisdiction or trust areas.

     ii. Promise Zone (for further information, see the Promise Zone Web

 site at http://www.hud.gov/promisezones/).

     iii. Strike Force area (for further information, see the

 Strikeforce Web site at
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usda?navid=STRIKE_FORCE).

     e. In making a final selection among and between applications with

 comparable rankings and geographic distribution, the Administrator may

 take



 [[Page 2944]]



 into consideration the characteristics of the Proposed Funded Service

 Area (PFSA), as identified in 7 CFR 1739.17(d).

 2. Review and Selection Process

     Grant applications are ranked according to their final scores. RUS

 selects applications based on those rankings, subject to the

 availability of funds and consistent with 7 CFR 1739.17. In addition,

 it should be noted that an application receiving fewer points can be

 selected over an application receiving more points in the event that

 there are insufficient funds available to cover the costs of the higher

 scoring application, as stated in 7 CFR 1739.16(f).

     a. In addition to the scoring criteria that rank applications

 against each other, the Agency evaluates grant applications on the

 following items, in accordance with 7 CFR 1739.16:

     i. Financial feasibility. A proposal that does not indicate

 financial feasibility or that is not sustainable will not be approved

 for an award.

     ii. Technical considerations. An application that contains flaws

 that would prevent the successful implementation, operation, or

 sustainability of the project will not be approved for an award.

     b. Applications conforming with this part will then be evaluated

 competitively and ranked by a panel of RUS employees that the

 Administrator of RUS selects, and will be awarded points as described

 in the scoring criteria in 7 CFR 1739.17. Applications will be ranked

 and grants awarded in order until all grant funds are expended.

     c. The Agency reserves the right to offer the applicant a lower

 amount than the amount proposed in the application, as stated in 7 CFR

 1739.16(g).



 F. Federal Award Administration Information



 1. Federal Award Notices

     a. Successful applications. RUS notifies applicants whose projects

 are selected for awards by mailing or emailing a copy of the award

 letter. The receipt of an award letter does not authorize the applicant

 to commence performance under the award.

     b. After sending the award letter, the Agency will send an

 agreement that contains all the terms and conditions, as referenced in

 7 CFR 1739.18 and Section B of this NOSA. A copy of the standard

 agreement is posted on the RUS Web site at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/community-connect-grants. RUS
recognizes that each

 funded project is unique, and therefore may attach additional

 conditions to individual award documents. An applicant must execute and

 return the grant agreement with any additional items required by the

 agreement within the number of days specified in the selection notice

 letter.

 2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements

     The items listed in this NOSA, the Community Connect Grant Program

 regulation, the FY 2017 Application Guide, and accompanying materials

 implement the appropriate administrative and national policy

 requirements, which include, but are not limited to:

     a. Executing a Community Connect Grant Agreement.

     b. Using Form SF 270, ``Request for Advance or Reimbursement,'' to

 request reimbursements (along with the submission of receipts for

 expenditures, timesheets, and any other documentation to support the

 request for reimbursement).

     c. Providing annual project performance activity reports until the

 expiration of the award.

     d. Ensuring that records are maintained to document all activities

 and expenditures utilizing Community Connect grant funds and matching

 funds (receipts for expenditures are to be included in this

 documentation).

     e. Providing a final project performance report.

     f. Complying with policies, guidance, and requirements as described

 in the following applicable Code of Federal Regulations, and any

 successor regulations:

     i. 2 CFR parts 200 and 400 (Uniform Administrative Requirements,

 Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards).

     ii. 2 CFR part 417 (Nonprocurement Debarment and Suspension).

     iii. 2 CFR part 180 (Government-wide Debarment and Suspension).

     g. Signing Form AD-3031 (``Assurance Regarding Felony Conviction or

 Tax Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants'') (for corporate

 applicants only).

     h. Complying with Executive Order 13166, ``Improving Access to

 Services for Persons with Limited English Proficiency.'' For

 information on limited English proficiency and agency-specific

 guidance, go to http://www.LEP.gov.

 3. Reporting

     a. Performance reporting. All recipients of Community Connect Grant

 Program financial assistance must provide annual performance activity

 reports to RUS until the project is complete and the funds are

 expended. A final performance report is also required. This report may

 serve as the last annual report. The final report must include an

 evaluation of the success of the project in meeting the Community

 Connect Grant Program objectives. See 7 CFR 1739.19 and 2 CFR 200.328

 for additional information on these reporting requirements.

     b. Financial reporting. All recipients of Community Connect Grant

 Program financial assistance must provide an annual audit, beginning

 with the first year in which a portion of the financial assistance is

 expended. Audits are governed by USDA audit regulations. See 7 CFR

 1739.20 and 2 CFR part 200 (Subpart F) for a description of the

 financial reporting requirements.

     c. Recipient and Sub-recipient Reporting. The applicant must have

 the necessary processes and systems in place to comply with the

 reporting requirements for first-tier sub-awards and executive

 compensation under the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency

 Act of 2006 in the event the applicant receives funding unless such

 applicant is exempt from such reporting requirements pursuant to 2 CFR

 170.110(b). The reporting requirements under the Transparency Act

 pursuant to 2 CFR 170 are as follows:

     i. First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more (unless they are exempt

 under 2 CFR part 170) must be reported by the Recipient to https://www.fsrs.gov
no later than the end of the month following the month the

 obligation was made. Please note that currently underway is a

 consolidation of eight federal procurement systems, including the

 Federal Sub-award Reporting System (FSRS), into one system, the System

 for Award Management (SAM). As a result, the FSRS will soon be

 consolidated into and accessed through https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.

     ii. The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (the five

 most highly compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient

 (if the Recipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ by the end of the month following the

 month in which the award was made.

     iii. The Total Compensation of the Sub-recipient's Executives (the

 five most highly compensated executives) must be reported by the Sub-

 recipient (if the Sub-recipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part

 170) to the Recipient by the end of the month following the



 [[Page 2945]]



 month in which the sub-award was made.

     d. Record Keeping and Accounting. The contract will contain

 provisions related to record keeping and accounting requirements.



 G. Federal Awarding Agency Contacts



     1. Web site: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
community-connect-grants. This site maintains up-to-date resources and contact

 information for the Community Connect Grant Program;

     2. Telephone: 202-720-0800;

     3. Email: community.connect@wdc.usda.gov; and

     4. Main Point of Contact: Shawn Arner, Deputy Assistant

 Administrator, Office of Loan Origination and Approval, Rural Utilities

 Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture.



 H. Other Information



 1. USDA Non-Discrimination Statement

     USDA prohibits discrimination against its customers, employees, and

 applicants for employment on the bases of race, color, national origin,

 age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and where

 applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental

 status, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is

 derived from any public assistance program, or protected genetic

 information in employment or in any program or activity conducted or

 funded by USDA. (Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs

 and/or employment activities.)

 2. How To File a Complaint

     a. Equal Employment Opportunity Complaint. Individuals who wish to

 file an employment complaint must contact their Agency's EEO Counselor

 within 45 days of the date of the alleged discriminatory act, event, or

 in the case of a personnel action. Additional information can be found

 online at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_file.html.

     b. Program Discrimination Complaint. Individuals who wish to file a

 Program Discrimination Complaint must complete the USDA Program

 Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html or at any USDA office, or

 call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. A letter may also be written

 containing all of the information requested in the form. Send the

 completed complaint form or letter by mail to the U.S. Department of

 Agriculture, Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue

 SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, or email at program.intake@usda.gov

 3. Persons With Disabilities

     Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing, or have speech

 disabilities and wish to file either an EEO or program complaint may

 contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339

 (English) or (800) 845-6136 (Spanish).

     Persons with disabilities who wish to file a program complaint,

 please see information above on how to contact USDA by mail or email.

 Individuals who require alternative means of communication for program

 information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) may contact

 USDA's TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).



     Dated: December 6, 2016.

 Brandon McBride,

 Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.

 [FR Doc. 2017-00194 Filed 1-9-17; 8:45 am]

  BILLING CODE P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 10, 2017 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Announcement of Grant Application Deadlines and Funding Levels
Pages 2940 - 2945 [FR DOC # 2017-00194]

LENGTH: 6428  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Utilities Service Announcement of Grant
Application Deadlines and Funding Levels AGENCY: Rural Utilities Service, USDA.
ACTION: Notice of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA).
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Utilities Service (RUS), an agency of the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA), herein referred to as RUS or the Agency, announces its
Community Connect Grant Program application window for Fiscal Year (FY) 2017. In
addition, this NOSA announces the minimum and maximum Community Connect grant
amounts, the funding priority, the application submission dates, the agency
contact information, and the procedures for submission of paper and electronic
applications. RUS will publish the amount of funding received in the final
appropriations act on its Web site at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/newsroom/notices-solicitation-applications-nosas.
Applicants can review the Community Connect Grant Program regulation at 7 CFR
part 1739 (Subpart A). DATES: Submit completed paper or electronic grant
applications by the following deadlines:  Paper submissions: Paper submissions
must be postmarked



 and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no later than March 13, 2017 to

 be eligible for FY 2017 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications

 will not be eligible for FY 2017 grant funding.

      Electronic submissions: Electronic submissions must be

 received no later than March 13, 2017 to be eligible for FY 2017 grant

 funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for FY

 2017 grant funding.

      If the submission deadline falls on Saturday, Sunday, or a

 Federal holiday, the application is due the next business day.



 ADDRESSES: Copies of the FY 2017 Application Guide and materials for

 the Community Connect Grant Program may be obtained through:

     (1) The Community Connect Web site at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/community-connect-grants; and

     (2) The RUS Office of Loan Origination and Approval at 202-720-

 0800.

     Completed applications may be submitted the following ways:

     (1) Paper: Mail paper applications to the Rural Utilities Service,

 Telecommunications Program, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Room 2844, STOP

 1597, Washington, DC 20250-1597. Mark address with ``Attention: Deputy

 Assistant Administrator, Office of Loan Origination and Approval, Rural

 Utilities Service.''

     (2) Electronic: Submit electronic applications through Grants.gov.

 Prospective applicants can access information on submitting electronic

 applications at any time, regardless of registration status, through

 the Grants.gov Web site at http://www.grants.gov. However, in order to

 use the electronic submission option, applicants must register with

 Grants.gov.



 FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Shawn Arner, Deputy Assistant

 Administrator, Office of Loan Origination and Approval, Rural Utilities

 Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, telephone: (202) 720-0800.



 SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:



 Overview



     Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service (RUS).

     Funding Opportunity Title: Community Connect Grant Program.

     Announcement Type: Initial announcement.

     Funding Opportunity Number: RDRUS-CC-2017.

     Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.863.

     Dates: Applicants must submit the paper or electronic grant

 applications by the deadlines found in this section and Section D(5).



 A. Program Description



     The purpose of the Community Connect Grant Program is to provide

 financial assistance in the form of grants to eligible applicants that

 will provide service at the Broadband Grant Speed to all premises in

 currently unserved, lower-income, and extremely rural areas. RUS will

 give priority to rural areas that demonstrate the greatest need for

 broadband services, based on the criteria contained herein.

     In addition to providing service to all premises, the program's

 ``community-oriented connectivity'' concept will stimulate practical,

 everyday uses and applications of broadband by cultivating the

 deployment of new broadband services that improve economic development

 and provide enhanced educational and health care opportunities in rural

 areas. Such an approach will also give rural communities the

 opportunity to benefit from the advanced technologies that are

 necessary to achieve these goals. The regulation for the Community

 Connect Program can be found at 7 CFR part 1739.

     As in years past, the FY 2017 Community Connect Grant Application

 Guide has been updated based on program experience. All applicants

 should carefully review and prepare their applications according to

 instructions in the FY 2017 Application Guide and sample materials.

 Expenses incurred in developing applications will be at the applicant's

 own risk.



 B. Federal Award Information



     In accordance with 7 CFR 1739.2, the Administrator has established

 a minimum grant request amount of $100,000 and a maximum grant request

 amount of $3,000,000 per application for FY 2017.

     The standard grant agreement, which specifies the term of each

 award, is available at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/UTP_Comm_ConnectGrantAgreement.pdf. The Agency will
make awards, and

 successful applicants will be required to execute documents appropriate

 to the project before the Agency will advance funding.

     While prior Community Connect grants cannot be renewed, existing

 Community Connect awardees may submit applications for new projects.

 The Agency will evaluate project proposals from existing awardees as

 new applications. All grant applications must be submitted during the

 application window.



 C. Eligibility Information



 1. Eligible Applicants (See 7 CFR 1739.10)

     a. Only entities legally organized as one of the following are

 eligible for Community Connect Grant Program financial assistance:

     i. An incorporated organization.



 [[Page 2941]]



     ii. An Indian tribe or tribal organization, as defined in 25 U.S.C.

 450b.

     iii. A state or local unit of government.

     iv. Other legal entity, including a cooperative, private

 corporation, or limited liability company organized on a for-profit or

 not-for-profit basis.

     b. Applicants must have the legal capacity and authority to enter

 into contracts, to comply with applicable federal statutes and

 regulations, and to own and operate the broadband facilities as

 proposed in their application.

     c. Applicants must have an active registration with current

 information in the System for Award Management (SAM) at https://www.sam.gov and
have a Dun and Bradstreet (D&B) Data Universal

 Numbering System (DUNS) number. Further information regarding SAM

 registration and DUNS number acquisition can be found in Sections D(3)

 and D(4) of this NOSA.

 2. Ineligible Applicants

     a. The following entities are not eligible for Community Connect

 Grant Program financial assistance:

     i. Individuals and partnerships.

     ii. Corporations that have been convicted of a Federal felony

 within the past 24 months. Any corporation that has been assessed to

 have any unpaid federal tax liability, for which all judicial and

 administrative remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed and is not

 being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with the

 authority responsible for collecting the tax liability, is not eligible

 for financial assistance.

     b. In accordance with the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016,

 Sections 743-4, no funds may be available ``for a contract, grant, or

 cooperative agreement with an entity that requires employees or

 contractors of such entity seeking to report fraud, waste, or abuse to

 sign internal confidentiality agreements or statements prohibiting or

 otherwise restricting such employees or contractors from lawfully

 reporting such waste, fraud, or abuse to a designated investigative or

 law enforcement representative of a Federal department or agency

 authorized to receive such information.''

 3. Cost Sharing or Matching

     The Community Connect Grant Program requires matching contributions

 for grants. See 7 CFR 1739.14 and the FY 2017 Application Guide for

 information on required matching contributions.

     a. Grant applicants must demonstrate matching contributions in cash

 of at least fifteen percent (15%) of the requested grant amount.

 Matching contributions must be used solely for the Project and shall

 not include any financial assistance from federal sources unless there

 is a federal statutory exception specifically authorizing the federal

 financial assistance to be considered as such as discussed in 7 CFR

 1739.14.

     b. Applications that do not provide sufficient documentation of the

 required fifteen percent match will be declared ineligible.

 4. Funding Restrictions

     a. Eligible grant purposes.

     Grant funds may be used to finance:

     i. The construction, acquisition, or leasing of facilities,

 including spectrum, land or buildings to deploy service at the

 Broadband Grant Speed to all participating Critical Community

 Facilities and all required facilities needed to offer such service to

 all residential and business customers located within the Proposed

 Funded Service Area;

     ii. The improvement, expansion, construction, or acquisition of a

 Community Center that furnishes free internet access at the Broadband

 Grant Speed and provides Computer Access Points. Grant funds provided

 for such costs shall not exceed the lesser of ten percent (10%) of the

 grant amount requested or $150,000; and

     iii. The cost of bandwidth to provide service free of charge at the

 Broadband Grant Speed to Critical Community Facilities for the first

 two (2) years of operation.

     b. Ineligible grant purposes.

     Grant funds may not be used to finance:

     i. The duplication of any existing Broadband Service provided by

 another entity.

     ii. Operating expenses other than the cost of providing bandwidth

 at the Broadband Grant Speed to the Critical Community Facilities for

 two (2) years.

     iii. Any other operating expenses not specifically permitted in 7

 CFR 1739.12.

     c. Other. For more information, see 7 CFR 1739.3 for definitions, 7

 CFR 1739.12 for eligible grant purposes, and 7 CFR 1739.13 for

 ineligible grant purposes.

 5. Other

     Eligible projects must propose to fulfill the following

 requirements (see 7 CFR 1739.11 for more information):

     a. Minimum Broadband Service. RUS uses this measurement to

 determine whether a proposed funded service area is served or unserved.

 Until otherwise revised in the Federal Register, the minimum rate-of-

 data transmission that qualifies as Minimum Broadband Service is four

 (4) megabits per second downstream and one (1) megabit per second

 upstream for both fixed and mobile broadband service. RUS will

 determine that Broadband Service does not exist for areas with no

 broadband access or whose access is less than 4 Mbps downstream plus 1

 Mbps upstream.

     b. Minimum Broadband Grant Speed. The minimum bandwidth that an

 applicant must propose to deliver to every customer in the proposed

 funded service area. Until otherwise revised in the Federal Register,

 the minimum rate-of-data transmission that qualifies as Minimum

 Broadband Grant Speed is ten (10) megabits downstream and one (1)

 megabit upstream for both fixed and mobile service to the customer.

     c. Rural Area. A Rural Area refers to any area, as confirmed by the

 most recent decennial Census of the United States, which is not located

 within:

     i. A city, town, or incorporated area that has a population of

 greater than 20,000 inhabitants; or

     ii. An urbanized area contiguous and adjacent to a city or town

 that has a population of greater than 50,000 inhabitants. For purposes

 of the definition of Rural Area, an urbanized area means a densely

 populated territory as defined in the most recent decennial Census.

     d. Proposed Funded Service Area (PFSA). Applicants must define a

 contiguous geographic area within an eligible Rural Area, in which

 Broadband Service does not currently exist, and where the applicant

 proposes to offer service at the Broadband Grant Speed to all

 residential and business customers. A PFSA must not overlap with

 Service Areas of current RUS borrowers and grantees.

     e. Critical Community Facilities. Applicants must propose to offer

 service, free of charge to users, at the Broadband Grant Speed to all

 Critical Community Facilities located within the Proposed Funded

 Service Area for at least two (2) years.

     f. Community Center. Applicants must propose to provide a Community

 Center, within the PFSA, with at least two (2) Computer Access Points

 and wireless access at the Broadband Grant Speed free of charge to

 users for at least two (2) years.



 D. Application and Submission Information



     The FY 2017 Application Guide provides specific detailed

 instructions



 [[Page 2942]]



 for each item in a complete application. The Agency emphasizes the

 importance of including every required item and strongly encourages

 applicants to follow the instructions carefully, using the examples and

 illustrations in the FY 2017 Application Guide. Applications submitted

 by the application deadline, but have critical missing items will be

 returned as ineligible. The Agency will not solicit or consider scoring

 or eligibility information that is submitted after the application

 deadline. However, depending on the specific scoring criteria,

 applications that do not include all items necessary for scoring may

 still be eligible applications, but may not receive full or any credit

 if the information cannot be verified. See the FY 2017 Application

 Guide for a full discussion of each required item. For a comprehensive

 list of all information required in a grant application, refer to 7 CFR

 1739.15.

 1. Address To Request Application Package

     The FY 2017 Application Guide, copies of necessary forms and

 samples, and the Community Connect Grant Program Regulation are

 available in the following locations:

     a. Community Connect Grant Program Web page at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/community-connect-grants.

     b. The Office of Loan Origination and Approval in RUS; call 202-

 720-0800.

 2. Content and Form of Application Submission

     a. Carefully review the Community Connect Application Guide and the

 7 CFR part 1739, which detail all necessary forms and worksheets. A

 table summarizing the necessary components of a complete application

 can be found in Section D(2)(d).

     b. Submission of Application Items. Given the high volume of

 program interest, applicants should submit the required application

 items in the order indicated in the FY 2017 Application Guide.

 Applications that are not assembled and tabbed in the specified order

 impede timely determination of eligibility. For applications with

 inconsistencies among submitted copies, the Agency will base its

 evaluation on the original signed application received.

     c. Additional Information. The Agency may ask for additional or

 clarifying information for applications submitted by the deadline which

 appear to meet the eligibility requirements, but require further

 review.

     d. Table of Required Information in a Complete Grant Application.

 This table summarizes and categorizes the items required in a grant

 application.



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------

                                         Application item           Regulation
Comments

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------

 A..................................  Application for
......................  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       Federal Assistance
Application Guide.

                                       Form.

                                      SF-424 Standard Form..

                                      A-2 SAM Registration
......................  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       Information.
Application Guide.

                                      A-3 State Director
......................  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       Notification.
Application Guide.

                                      A-4 Equal Opportunity
......................  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       Survey.
Application Guide.

 B..................................  Executive Summary of
......................  Narrative.

                                       the Project.

 C..................................  Scoring Criteria
......................  Narrative & Documentation.

                                       Documentation.

                                      Special Considerations
......................  Documentation.

 D..................................  System Design.........
......................  Narrative & Documentation.

                                      Network Diagram.......
......................  Documentation.

                                      Environmental           7 CFR part
1970.......  Narrative & Documentation.

                                       Questionnaire.

 E..................................  Service Area Map......
......................  Provided in RUS web-based


Mapping Tool.

                                      Service Area
......................  Documentation.

                                       Demographics.

 F..................................  Scope of Work.........
......................  Narrative & Documentation.

                                      Construction Build-out
......................  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       and Project
Application Guide.

                                       Milestones.

                                      Project Budget........
......................  Form provided in FY 2017


Application Guide.

 G..................................  Community-oriented
......................  Narrative.

                                       Connectivity Plan.

 H..................................  Financial Information
......................  Narrative & Documentation.

                                       and Sustainability.

 I..................................  Statement of
......................  Narrative.

                                       Experience.

 J..................................  Evidence of Legal
......................  Documentation.

                                       Authority and

                                       Existence.

 K..................................  Additional Funding....
......................  Narrative & Documentation.

 L..................................  Compliance with Other

                                       Statutes and

                                       Regulations.

                                      Equal Opportunity and   7 CFR part 15
(Subpart  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       Nondiscrimination.      A).
Application Guide.

                                      Uniform Relocation      49 CFR Part 24 and
7    Form provided in FY 2017

                                       Assistance and Real     CFR Part 21.
Application Guide.

                                       Property Acquisition

                                       Policies Act of 1970.

                                      Debarment, Suspension,  7 CFR Part
3017.......  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       and Other
Application Guide.

                                       Responsibility

                                       Matters.

                                      Lobbying for            7 CFR Part
3018.......  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       Contracts, Grants,
Application Guide.

                                       Loans, and

                                       Cooperative

                                       Agreements.

                                      Drug-Free Workplace...  7 CFR Part
3017.......  Form provided in FY 2017


Application Guide.

                                      Architectural Barriers
......................  Form provided in FY 2017


Application Guide.

                                      Flood Hazard Area       7 CFR
1970............  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       Precautions.
Application Guide.

                                      Non-Duplication of
......................  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       Services.
Application Guide.

                                      Federal Collection
......................  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       Policies for
Application Guide.

                                       Commercial Debt.



 [[Page 2943]]





                                      Assurance Regarding
......................  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       Felony Conviction or
Application Guide

                                       Tax Delinquent Status
(corporate applicants-

                                       for Corporate
only).

                                       Applicants.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------



     e. Number of copies of submitted applications.

     i. Applications submitted on paper. Submit the original application

 and two (2) copies to RUS.

     ii. Applications submitted electronically through Grants.gov.

 Submit the electronic application once. Carefully read the FY 2017

 Application Guide for guidance on submitting an electronic application.

 Applicants should identify and number each page in the same manner as

 the paper application.

 3. Dun and Bradstreet Universal Numbering System (DUNS) Number

     The grant applicant must supply a DUNS number as part of the

 application. The Standard Form 424 (SF-424) contains a field for the

 DUNS number. The applicant can obtain the DUNS number free of charge by

 calling Dun and Bradstreet. Go to http://fedgov.dnb.com /webform for

 more information on DUNS number acquisition or confirmation.

 4. System for Award Management (SAM)

     Prior to submitting a paper or an electronic application, the

 applicant must register in SAM at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/. SAM
registration must be active with current data at all times,

 from the application review throughout the active Federal grant funding

 period. To maintain active SAM registration, the applicant must review

 and update the information in the SAM database annually from the date

 of initial registration or from the date of the last update. The

 applicant must ensure that the information in the database is current,

 accurate, and complete.

 5. Submission Dates and Times

     a. Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or

 sent overnight no later than March 13, 2017 to be eligible for FY 2017

 grant funding. Late applications, applications which do not include

 proof of mailing or shipping, and incomplete applications are not

 eligible for FY 2017 grant funding. If the submission deadline falls on

 Saturday, Sunday, or a Federal holiday, the application is due the next

 business day. In the event of an incomplete application, the Agency

 will notify the applicant in writing, return the application, and

 terminate all further action.

     i. Address paper applications to the Telecommunications Program,

 RUS, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Room

 2844, STOP 1597, Washington, DC 20250-1597. Applications should be

 marked, ``Attention: Deputy Assistant Administrator, Office of Loan

 Origination and Approval.''

     ii. Paper applications must show proof of mailing or shipping by

 the deadline with one of the following:

     A. A legibly dated U.S. Postal Service (USPS) postmark.

     B. A legible mail receipt with the date of mailing stamped by the

 USPS.

     C. A dated shipping label, invoice, or receipt from a commercial

 carrier.

     iii. Due to screening procedures at the USDA, packages arriving via

 regular mail through the USPS are irradiated, which can damage the

 contents and delay delivery to the office. RUS encourages applicants to

 consider the impact of this procedure when selecting their application

 delivery method.

     b. Electronic grant applications submitted through Grants.gov must

 be received no later than March 13, 2017 to be eligible for FY 2017

 funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for FY

 2017 grant funding.

     i. Applications will not be accepted via fax or electronic mail.

     ii. Electronic applications for grants must be submitted through

 the federal government's Grants.gov initiative at http://www.grants.gov/.
Grants.gov contains full instructions on all required

 passwords, credentialing, and software.

     iii. Grants.gov requires some credentialing and online

 authentication procedures. These procedures may take several business

 days to complete. Therefore, the applicant should complete the

 registration, credentialing, and authorization procedures at Grants.gov

 before submitting an application.

     iv. Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS). The

 grant applicant must supply a DUNS number as part of the application.

 See Section D(3) of this NOSA for more information.

     v. System for Award Management (SAM). Grants.gov requires that the

 applicant's organization is registered in SAM. Be sure to obtain the

 organization's SAM listing well in advance of the application deadline.

 See Section D(4) of this NOSA for more information.

     vi. RUS encourages applicants who wish to apply through Grants.gov

 to submit their applications in advance of the deadline.

     vii. If system errors or technical difficulties occur, use the

 customer support resources available at the Grants.gov Web site.



 E. Application Review Information



 1. Criteria

     Grant applications are scored competitively and are subject to the

 criteria listed below. The maximum number of points possible is 115.

 See 7 CFR 1739.17 and the FY 2017 Application Guide for more

 information on the scoring criteria.

     a. Needs Category. The Agency analyzes the challenges related to

 the following criteria and the ways in which the project proposes to

 address these issues (up to 50 points):

     i. Economic characteristics.

     ii. Educational challenges.

     iii. Health care needs.

     iv. Public safety issues.

     b. Stakeholder Involvement Category. The Agency analyzes the extent

 of the project planning, development, and support from local residents,

 institutions, and Critical Community Facilities (up to 40 points).

     c. Experience Category. The Agency analyzes the management team's

 level of experience and past success of broadband systems operation (up

 to 10 points).

     d. Special Consideration Areas Category. In accordance with 7 CFR

 1739.1(a), applicants may receive special consideration if they submit

 documentation demonstrating that they will provide service at the

 Broadband Grant Speed within the following areas (15 points):

     i. Tribal jurisdiction or trust areas.

     ii. Promise Zone (for further information, see the Promise Zone Web

 site at http://www.hud.gov/promisezones/).

     iii. Strike Force area (for further information, see the

 Strikeforce Web site at
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usda?navid=STRIKE_FORCE).

     e. In making a final selection among and between applications with

 comparable rankings and geographic distribution, the Administrator may

 take



 [[Page 2944]]



 into consideration the characteristics of the Proposed Funded Service

 Area (PFSA), as identified in 7 CFR 1739.17(d).

 2. Review and Selection Process

     Grant applications are ranked according to their final scores. RUS

 selects applications based on those rankings, subject to the

 availability of funds and consistent with 7 CFR 1739.17. In addition,

 it should be noted that an application receiving fewer points can be

 selected over an application receiving more points in the event that

 there are insufficient funds available to cover the costs of the higher

 scoring application, as stated in 7 CFR 1739.16(f).

     a. In addition to the scoring criteria that rank applications

 against each other, the Agency evaluates grant applications on the

 following items, in accordance with 7 CFR 1739.16:

     i. Financial feasibility. A proposal that does not indicate

 financial feasibility or that is not sustainable will not be approved

 for an award.

     ii. Technical considerations. An application that contains flaws

 that would prevent the successful implementation, operation, or

 sustainability of the project will not be approved for an award.

     b. Applications conforming with this part will then be evaluated

 competitively and ranked by a panel of RUS employees that the

 Administrator of RUS selects, and will be awarded points as described

 in the scoring criteria in 7 CFR 1739.17. Applications will be ranked

 and grants awarded in order until all grant funds are expended.

     c. The Agency reserves the right to offer the applicant a lower

 amount than the amount proposed in the application, as stated in 7 CFR

 1739.16(g).



 F. Federal Award Administration Information



 1. Federal Award Notices

     a. Successful applications. RUS notifies applicants whose projects

 are selected for awards by mailing or emailing a copy of the award

 letter. The receipt of an award letter does not authorize the applicant

 to commence performance under the award.

     b. After sending the award letter, the Agency will send an

 agreement that contains all the terms and conditions, as referenced in

 7 CFR 1739.18 and Section B of this NOSA. A copy of the standard

 agreement is posted on the RUS Web site at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/community-connect-grants. RUS
recognizes that each

 funded project is unique, and therefore may attach additional

 conditions to individual award documents. An applicant must execute and

 return the grant agreement with any additional items required by the

 agreement within the number of days specified in the selection notice

 letter.

 2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements

     The items listed in this NOSA, the Community Connect Grant Program

 regulation, the FY 2017 Application Guide, and accompanying materials

 implement the appropriate administrative and national policy

 requirements, which include, but are not limited to:

     a. Executing a Community Connect Grant Agreement.

     b. Using Form SF 270, ``Request for Advance or Reimbursement,'' to

 request reimbursements (along with the submission of receipts for

 expenditures, timesheets, and any other documentation to support the

 request for reimbursement).

     c. Providing annual project performance activity reports until the

 expiration of the award.

     d. Ensuring that records are maintained to document all activities

 and expenditures utilizing Community Connect grant funds and matching

 funds (receipts for expenditures are to be included in this

 documentation).

     e. Providing a final project performance report.

     f. Complying with policies, guidance, and requirements as described

 in the following applicable Code of Federal Regulations, and any

 successor regulations:

     i. 2 CFR parts 200 and 400 (Uniform Administrative Requirements,

 Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards).

     ii. 2 CFR part 417 (Nonprocurement Debarment and Suspension).

     iii. 2 CFR part 180 (Government-wide Debarment and Suspension).

     g. Signing Form AD-3031 (``Assurance Regarding Felony Conviction or

 Tax Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants'') (for corporate

 applicants only).

     h. Complying with Executive Order 13166, ``Improving Access to

 Services for Persons with Limited English Proficiency.'' For

 information on limited English proficiency and agency-specific

 guidance, go to http://www.LEP.gov.

 3. Reporting

     a. Performance reporting. All recipients of Community Connect Grant

 Program financial assistance must provide annual performance activity

 reports to RUS until the project is complete and the funds are

 expended. A final performance report is also required. This report may

 serve as the last annual report. The final report must include an

 evaluation of the success of the project in meeting the Community

 Connect Grant Program objectives. See 7 CFR 1739.19 and 2 CFR 200.328

 for additional information on these reporting requirements.

     b. Financial reporting. All recipients of Community Connect Grant

 Program financial assistance must provide an annual audit, beginning

 with the first year in which a portion of the financial assistance is

 expended. Audits are governed by USDA audit regulations. See 7 CFR

 1739.20 and 2 CFR part 200 (Subpart F) for a description of the

 financial reporting requirements.

     c. Recipient and Sub-recipient Reporting. The applicant must have

 the necessary processes and systems in place to comply with the

 reporting requirements for first-tier sub-awards and executive

 compensation under the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency

 Act of 2006 in the event the applicant receives funding unless such

 applicant is exempt from such reporting requirements pursuant to 2 CFR

 170.110(b). The reporting requirements under the Transparency Act

 pursuant to 2 CFR 170 are as follows:

     i. First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more (unless they are exempt

 under 2 CFR part 170) must be reported by the Recipient to https://www.fsrs.gov
no later than the end of the month following the month the

 obligation was made. Please note that currently underway is a

 consolidation of eight federal procurement systems, including the

 Federal Sub-award Reporting System (FSRS), into one system, the System

 for Award Management (SAM). As a result, the FSRS will soon be

 consolidated into and accessed through https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.

     ii. The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (the five

 most highly compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient

 (if the Recipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ by the end of the month following the

 month in which the award was made.

     iii. The Total Compensation of the Sub-recipient's Executives (the

 five most highly compensated executives) must be reported by the Sub-

 recipient (if the Sub-recipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part

 170) to the Recipient by the end of the month following the



 [[Page 2945]]



 month in which the sub-award was made.

     d. Record Keeping and Accounting. The contract will contain

 provisions related to record keeping and accounting requirements.



 G. Federal Awarding Agency Contacts



     1. Web site: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
community-connect-grants. This site maintains up-to-date resources and contact

 information for the Community Connect Grant Program;

     2. Telephone: 202-720-0800;

     3. Email: community.connect@wdc.usda.gov; and

     4. Main Point of Contact: Shawn Arner, Deputy Assistant

 Administrator, Office of Loan Origination and Approval, Rural Utilities

 Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture.



 H. Other Information



 1. USDA Non-Discrimination Statement

     USDA prohibits discrimination against its customers, employees, and

 applicants for employment on the bases of race, color, national origin,

 age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and where

 applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental

 status, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is

 derived from any public assistance program, or protected genetic

 information in employment or in any program or activity conducted or

 funded by USDA. (Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs

 and/or employment activities.)

 2. How To File a Complaint

     a. Equal Employment Opportunity Complaint. Individuals who wish to

 file an employment complaint must contact their Agency's EEO Counselor

 within 45 days of the date of the alleged discriminatory act, event, or

 in the case of a personnel action. Additional information can be found

 online at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_file.html.

     b. Program Discrimination Complaint. Individuals who wish to file a

 Program Discrimination Complaint must complete the USDA Program

 Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html or at any USDA office, or

 call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. A letter may also be written

 containing all of the information requested in the form. Send the

 completed complaint form or letter by mail to the U.S. Department of

 Agriculture, Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue

 SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, or email at program.intake@usda.gov

 3. Persons With Disabilities

     Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing, or have speech

 disabilities and wish to file either an EEO or program complaint may

 contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339

 (English) or (800) 845-6136 (Spanish).

     Persons with disabilities who wish to file a program complaint,

 please see information above on how to contact USDA by mail or email.

 Individuals who require alternative means of communication for program

 information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) may contact

 USDA's TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).



     Dated: December 6, 2016.

 Brandon McBride,

 Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.

 [FR Doc. 2017-00194 Filed 1-9-17; 8:45 am]

  BILLING CODE P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 10, 2017 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Announcement of Grant Application Deadlines and Funding Levels
Pages 2940 - 2945 [FR DOC # 2017-00194]

LENGTH: 6428  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Utilities Service Announcement of Grant
Application Deadlines and Funding Levels AGENCY: Rural Utilities Service, USDA.
ACTION: Notice of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA).
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Utilities Service (RUS), an agency of the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA), herein referred to as RUS or the Agency, announces its
Community Connect Grant Program application window for Fiscal Year (FY) 2017. In
addition, this NOSA announces the minimum and maximum Community Connect grant
amounts, the funding priority, the application submission dates, the agency
contact information, and the procedures for submission of paper and electronic
applications. RUS will publish the amount of funding received in the final
appropriations act on its Web site at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/newsroom/notices-solicitation-applications-nosas.
Applicants can review the Community Connect Grant Program regulation at 7 CFR
part 1739 (Subpart A). DATES: Submit completed paper or electronic grant
applications by the following deadlines:  Paper submissions: Paper submissions
must be postmarked



 and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no later than March 13, 2017 to

 be eligible for FY 2017 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications

 will not be eligible for FY 2017 grant funding.

      Electronic submissions: Electronic submissions must be

 received no later than March 13, 2017 to be eligible for FY 2017 grant

 funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for FY

 2017 grant funding.

      If the submission deadline falls on Saturday, Sunday, or a

 Federal holiday, the application is due the next business day.



 ADDRESSES: Copies of the FY 2017 Application Guide and materials for

 the Community Connect Grant Program may be obtained through:

     (1) The Community Connect Web site at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/community-connect-grants; and

     (2) The RUS Office of Loan Origination and Approval at 202-720-

 0800.

     Completed applications may be submitted the following ways:

     (1) Paper: Mail paper applications to the Rural Utilities Service,

 Telecommunications Program, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Room 2844, STOP

 1597, Washington, DC 20250-1597. Mark address with ``Attention: Deputy

 Assistant Administrator, Office of Loan Origination and Approval, Rural

 Utilities Service.''

     (2) Electronic: Submit electronic applications through Grants.gov.

 Prospective applicants can access information on submitting electronic

 applications at any time, regardless of registration status, through

 the Grants.gov Web site at http://www.grants.gov. However, in order to

 use the electronic submission option, applicants must register with

 Grants.gov.



 FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Shawn Arner, Deputy Assistant

 Administrator, Office of Loan Origination and Approval, Rural Utilities

 Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, telephone: (202) 720-0800.



 SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:



 Overview



     Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service (RUS).

     Funding Opportunity Title: Community Connect Grant Program.

     Announcement Type: Initial announcement.

     Funding Opportunity Number: RDRUS-CC-2017.

     Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.863.

     Dates: Applicants must submit the paper or electronic grant

 applications by the deadlines found in this section and Section D(5).



 A. Program Description



     The purpose of the Community Connect Grant Program is to provide

 financial assistance in the form of grants to eligible applicants that

 will provide service at the Broadband Grant Speed to all premises in

 currently unserved, lower-income, and extremely rural areas. RUS will

 give priority to rural areas that demonstrate the greatest need for

 broadband services, based on the criteria contained herein.

     In addition to providing service to all premises, the program's

 ``community-oriented connectivity'' concept will stimulate practical,

 everyday uses and applications of broadband by cultivating the

 deployment of new broadband services that improve economic development

 and provide enhanced educational and health care opportunities in rural

 areas. Such an approach will also give rural communities the

 opportunity to benefit from the advanced technologies that are

 necessary to achieve these goals. The regulation for the Community

 Connect Program can be found at 7 CFR part 1739.

     As in years past, the FY 2017 Community Connect Grant Application

 Guide has been updated based on program experience. All applicants

 should carefully review and prepare their applications according to

 instructions in the FY 2017 Application Guide and sample materials.

 Expenses incurred in developing applications will be at the applicant's

 own risk.



 B. Federal Award Information



     In accordance with 7 CFR 1739.2, the Administrator has established

 a minimum grant request amount of $100,000 and a maximum grant request

 amount of $3,000,000 per application for FY 2017.

     The standard grant agreement, which specifies the term of each

 award, is available at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/UTP_Comm_ConnectGrantAgreement.pdf. The Agency will
make awards, and

 successful applicants will be required to execute documents appropriate

 to the project before the Agency will advance funding.

     While prior Community Connect grants cannot be renewed, existing

 Community Connect awardees may submit applications for new projects.

 The Agency will evaluate project proposals from existing awardees as

 new applications. All grant applications must be submitted during the

 application window.



 C. Eligibility Information



 1. Eligible Applicants (See 7 CFR 1739.10)

     a. Only entities legally organized as one of the following are

 eligible for Community Connect Grant Program financial assistance:

     i. An incorporated organization.



 [[Page 2941]]



     ii. An Indian tribe or tribal organization, as defined in 25 U.S.C.

 450b.

     iii. A state or local unit of government.

     iv. Other legal entity, including a cooperative, private

 corporation, or limited liability company organized on a for-profit or

 not-for-profit basis.

     b. Applicants must have the legal capacity and authority to enter

 into contracts, to comply with applicable federal statutes and

 regulations, and to own and operate the broadband facilities as

 proposed in their application.

     c. Applicants must have an active registration with current

 information in the System for Award Management (SAM) at https://www.sam.gov and
have a Dun and Bradstreet (D&B) Data Universal

 Numbering System (DUNS) number. Further information regarding SAM

 registration and DUNS number acquisition can be found in Sections D(3)

 and D(4) of this NOSA.

 2. Ineligible Applicants

     a. The following entities are not eligible for Community Connect

 Grant Program financial assistance:

     i. Individuals and partnerships.

     ii. Corporations that have been convicted of a Federal felony

 within the past 24 months. Any corporation that has been assessed to

 have any unpaid federal tax liability, for which all judicial and

 administrative remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed and is not

 being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with the

 authority responsible for collecting the tax liability, is not eligible

 for financial assistance.

     b. In accordance with the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016,

 Sections 743-4, no funds may be available ``for a contract, grant, or

 cooperative agreement with an entity that requires employees or

 contractors of such entity seeking to report fraud, waste, or abuse to

 sign internal confidentiality agreements or statements prohibiting or

 otherwise restricting such employees or contractors from lawfully

 reporting such waste, fraud, or abuse to a designated investigative or

 law enforcement representative of a Federal department or agency

 authorized to receive such information.''

 3. Cost Sharing or Matching

     The Community Connect Grant Program requires matching contributions

 for grants. See 7 CFR 1739.14 and the FY 2017 Application Guide for

 information on required matching contributions.

     a. Grant applicants must demonstrate matching contributions in cash

 of at least fifteen percent (15%) of the requested grant amount.

 Matching contributions must be used solely for the Project and shall

 not include any financial assistance from federal sources unless there

 is a federal statutory exception specifically authorizing the federal

 financial assistance to be considered as such as discussed in 7 CFR

 1739.14.

     b. Applications that do not provide sufficient documentation of the

 required fifteen percent match will be declared ineligible.

 4. Funding Restrictions

     a. Eligible grant purposes.

     Grant funds may be used to finance:

     i. The construction, acquisition, or leasing of facilities,

 including spectrum, land or buildings to deploy service at the

 Broadband Grant Speed to all participating Critical Community

 Facilities and all required facilities needed to offer such service to

 all residential and business customers located within the Proposed

 Funded Service Area;

     ii. The improvement, expansion, construction, or acquisition of a

 Community Center that furnishes free internet access at the Broadband

 Grant Speed and provides Computer Access Points. Grant funds provided

 for such costs shall not exceed the lesser of ten percent (10%) of the

 grant amount requested or $150,000; and

     iii. The cost of bandwidth to provide service free of charge at the

 Broadband Grant Speed to Critical Community Facilities for the first

 two (2) years of operation.

     b. Ineligible grant purposes.

     Grant funds may not be used to finance:

     i. The duplication of any existing Broadband Service provided by

 another entity.

     ii. Operating expenses other than the cost of providing bandwidth

 at the Broadband Grant Speed to the Critical Community Facilities for

 two (2) years.

     iii. Any other operating expenses not specifically permitted in 7

 CFR 1739.12.

     c. Other. For more information, see 7 CFR 1739.3 for definitions, 7

 CFR 1739.12 for eligible grant purposes, and 7 CFR 1739.13 for

 ineligible grant purposes.

 5. Other

     Eligible projects must propose to fulfill the following

 requirements (see 7 CFR 1739.11 for more information):

     a. Minimum Broadband Service. RUS uses this measurement to

 determine whether a proposed funded service area is served or unserved.

 Until otherwise revised in the Federal Register, the minimum rate-of-

 data transmission that qualifies as Minimum Broadband Service is four

 (4) megabits per second downstream and one (1) megabit per second

 upstream for both fixed and mobile broadband service. RUS will

 determine that Broadband Service does not exist for areas with no

 broadband access or whose access is less than 4 Mbps downstream plus 1

 Mbps upstream.

     b. Minimum Broadband Grant Speed. The minimum bandwidth that an

 applicant must propose to deliver to every customer in the proposed

 funded service area. Until otherwise revised in the Federal Register,

 the minimum rate-of-data transmission that qualifies as Minimum

 Broadband Grant Speed is ten (10) megabits downstream and one (1)

 megabit upstream for both fixed and mobile service to the customer.

     c. Rural Area. A Rural Area refers to any area, as confirmed by the

 most recent decennial Census of the United States, which is not located

 within:

     i. A city, town, or incorporated area that has a population of

 greater than 20,000 inhabitants; or

     ii. An urbanized area contiguous and adjacent to a city or town

 that has a population of greater than 50,000 inhabitants. For purposes

 of the definition of Rural Area, an urbanized area means a densely

 populated territory as defined in the most recent decennial Census.

     d. Proposed Funded Service Area (PFSA). Applicants must define a

 contiguous geographic area within an eligible Rural Area, in which

 Broadband Service does not currently exist, and where the applicant

 proposes to offer service at the Broadband Grant Speed to all

 residential and business customers. A PFSA must not overlap with

 Service Areas of current RUS borrowers and grantees.

     e. Critical Community Facilities. Applicants must propose to offer

 service, free of charge to users, at the Broadband Grant Speed to all

 Critical Community Facilities located within the Proposed Funded

 Service Area for at least two (2) years.

     f. Community Center. Applicants must propose to provide a Community

 Center, within the PFSA, with at least two (2) Computer Access Points

 and wireless access at the Broadband Grant Speed free of charge to

 users for at least two (2) years.



 D. Application and Submission Information



     The FY 2017 Application Guide provides specific detailed

 instructions



 [[Page 2942]]



 for each item in a complete application. The Agency emphasizes the

 importance of including every required item and strongly encourages

 applicants to follow the instructions carefully, using the examples and

 illustrations in the FY 2017 Application Guide. Applications submitted

 by the application deadline, but have critical missing items will be

 returned as ineligible. The Agency will not solicit or consider scoring

 or eligibility information that is submitted after the application

 deadline. However, depending on the specific scoring criteria,

 applications that do not include all items necessary for scoring may

 still be eligible applications, but may not receive full or any credit

 if the information cannot be verified. See the FY 2017 Application

 Guide for a full discussion of each required item. For a comprehensive

 list of all information required in a grant application, refer to 7 CFR

 1739.15.

 1. Address To Request Application Package

     The FY 2017 Application Guide, copies of necessary forms and

 samples, and the Community Connect Grant Program Regulation are

 available in the following locations:

     a. Community Connect Grant Program Web page at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/community-connect-grants.

     b. The Office of Loan Origination and Approval in RUS; call 202-

 720-0800.

 2. Content and Form of Application Submission

     a. Carefully review the Community Connect Application Guide and the

 7 CFR part 1739, which detail all necessary forms and worksheets. A

 table summarizing the necessary components of a complete application

 can be found in Section D(2)(d).

     b. Submission of Application Items. Given the high volume of

 program interest, applicants should submit the required application

 items in the order indicated in the FY 2017 Application Guide.

 Applications that are not assembled and tabbed in the specified order

 impede timely determination of eligibility. For applications with

 inconsistencies among submitted copies, the Agency will base its

 evaluation on the original signed application received.

     c. Additional Information. The Agency may ask for additional or

 clarifying information for applications submitted by the deadline which

 appear to meet the eligibility requirements, but require further

 review.

     d. Table of Required Information in a Complete Grant Application.

 This table summarizes and categorizes the items required in a grant

 application.



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------

                                         Application item           Regulation
Comments

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------

 A..................................  Application for
......................  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       Federal Assistance
Application Guide.

                                       Form.

                                      SF-424 Standard Form..

                                      A-2 SAM Registration
......................  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       Information.
Application Guide.

                                      A-3 State Director
......................  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       Notification.
Application Guide.

                                      A-4 Equal Opportunity
......................  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       Survey.
Application Guide.

 B..................................  Executive Summary of
......................  Narrative.

                                       the Project.

 C..................................  Scoring Criteria
......................  Narrative & Documentation.

                                       Documentation.

                                      Special Considerations
......................  Documentation.

 D..................................  System Design.........
......................  Narrative & Documentation.

                                      Network Diagram.......
......................  Documentation.

                                      Environmental           7 CFR part
1970.......  Narrative & Documentation.

                                       Questionnaire.

 E..................................  Service Area Map......
......................  Provided in RUS web-based


Mapping Tool.

                                      Service Area
......................  Documentation.

                                       Demographics.

 F..................................  Scope of Work.........
......................  Narrative & Documentation.

                                      Construction Build-out
......................  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       and Project
Application Guide.

                                       Milestones.

                                      Project Budget........
......................  Form provided in FY 2017


Application Guide.

 G..................................  Community-oriented
......................  Narrative.

                                       Connectivity Plan.

 H..................................  Financial Information
......................  Narrative & Documentation.

                                       and Sustainability.

 I..................................  Statement of
......................  Narrative.

                                       Experience.

 J..................................  Evidence of Legal
......................  Documentation.

                                       Authority and

                                       Existence.

 K..................................  Additional Funding....
......................  Narrative & Documentation.

 L..................................  Compliance with Other

                                       Statutes and

                                       Regulations.

                                      Equal Opportunity and   7 CFR part 15
(Subpart  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       Nondiscrimination.      A).
Application Guide.

                                      Uniform Relocation      49 CFR Part 24 and
7    Form provided in FY 2017

                                       Assistance and Real     CFR Part 21.
Application Guide.

                                       Property Acquisition

                                       Policies Act of 1970.

                                      Debarment, Suspension,  7 CFR Part
3017.......  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       and Other
Application Guide.

                                       Responsibility

                                       Matters.

                                      Lobbying for            7 CFR Part
3018.......  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       Contracts, Grants,
Application Guide.

                                       Loans, and

                                       Cooperative

                                       Agreements.

                                      Drug-Free Workplace...  7 CFR Part
3017.......  Form provided in FY 2017


Application Guide.

                                      Architectural Barriers
......................  Form provided in FY 2017


Application Guide.

                                      Flood Hazard Area       7 CFR
1970............  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       Precautions.
Application Guide.

                                      Non-Duplication of
......................  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       Services.
Application Guide.

                                      Federal Collection
......................  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       Policies for
Application Guide.

                                       Commercial Debt.



 [[Page 2943]]





                                      Assurance Regarding
......................  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       Felony Conviction or
Application Guide

                                       Tax Delinquent Status
(corporate applicants-

                                       for Corporate
only).

                                       Applicants.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------



     e. Number of copies of submitted applications.

     i. Applications submitted on paper. Submit the original application

 and two (2) copies to RUS.

     ii. Applications submitted electronically through Grants.gov.

 Submit the electronic application once. Carefully read the FY 2017

 Application Guide for guidance on submitting an electronic application.

 Applicants should identify and number each page in the same manner as

 the paper application.

 3. Dun and Bradstreet Universal Numbering System (DUNS) Number

     The grant applicant must supply a DUNS number as part of the

 application. The Standard Form 424 (SF-424) contains a field for the

 DUNS number. The applicant can obtain the DUNS number free of charge by

 calling Dun and Bradstreet. Go to http://fedgov.dnb.com /webform for

 more information on DUNS number acquisition or confirmation.

 4. System for Award Management (SAM)

     Prior to submitting a paper or an electronic application, the

 applicant must register in SAM at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/. SAM
registration must be active with current data at all times,

 from the application review throughout the active Federal grant funding

 period. To maintain active SAM registration, the applicant must review

 and update the information in the SAM database annually from the date

 of initial registration or from the date of the last update. The

 applicant must ensure that the information in the database is current,

 accurate, and complete.

 5. Submission Dates and Times

     a. Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or

 sent overnight no later than March 13, 2017 to be eligible for FY 2017

 grant funding. Late applications, applications which do not include

 proof of mailing or shipping, and incomplete applications are not

 eligible for FY 2017 grant funding. If the submission deadline falls on

 Saturday, Sunday, or a Federal holiday, the application is due the next

 business day. In the event of an incomplete application, the Agency

 will notify the applicant in writing, return the application, and

 terminate all further action.

     i. Address paper applications to the Telecommunications Program,

 RUS, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Room

 2844, STOP 1597, Washington, DC 20250-1597. Applications should be

 marked, ``Attention: Deputy Assistant Administrator, Office of Loan

 Origination and Approval.''

     ii. Paper applications must show proof of mailing or shipping by

 the deadline with one of the following:

     A. A legibly dated U.S. Postal Service (USPS) postmark.

     B. A legible mail receipt with the date of mailing stamped by the

 USPS.

     C. A dated shipping label, invoice, or receipt from a commercial

 carrier.

     iii. Due to screening procedures at the USDA, packages arriving via

 regular mail through the USPS are irradiated, which can damage the

 contents and delay delivery to the office. RUS encourages applicants to

 consider the impact of this procedure when selecting their application

 delivery method.

     b. Electronic grant applications submitted through Grants.gov must

 be received no later than March 13, 2017 to be eligible for FY 2017

 funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for FY

 2017 grant funding.

     i. Applications will not be accepted via fax or electronic mail.

     ii. Electronic applications for grants must be submitted through

 the federal government's Grants.gov initiative at http://www.grants.gov/.
Grants.gov contains full instructions on all required

 passwords, credentialing, and software.

     iii. Grants.gov requires some credentialing and online

 authentication procedures. These procedures may take several business

 days to complete. Therefore, the applicant should complete the

 registration, credentialing, and authorization procedures at Grants.gov

 before submitting an application.

     iv. Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS). The

 grant applicant must supply a DUNS number as part of the application.

 See Section D(3) of this NOSA for more information.

     v. System for Award Management (SAM). Grants.gov requires that the

 applicant's organization is registered in SAM. Be sure to obtain the

 organization's SAM listing well in advance of the application deadline.

 See Section D(4) of this NOSA for more information.

     vi. RUS encourages applicants who wish to apply through Grants.gov

 to submit their applications in advance of the deadline.

     vii. If system errors or technical difficulties occur, use the

 customer support resources available at the Grants.gov Web site.



 E. Application Review Information



 1. Criteria

     Grant applications are scored competitively and are subject to the

 criteria listed below. The maximum number of points possible is 115.

 See 7 CFR 1739.17 and the FY 2017 Application Guide for more

 information on the scoring criteria.

     a. Needs Category. The Agency analyzes the challenges related to

 the following criteria and the ways in which the project proposes to

 address these issues (up to 50 points):

     i. Economic characteristics.

     ii. Educational challenges.

     iii. Health care needs.

     iv. Public safety issues.

     b. Stakeholder Involvement Category. The Agency analyzes the extent

 of the project planning, development, and support from local residents,

 institutions, and Critical Community Facilities (up to 40 points).

     c. Experience Category. The Agency analyzes the management team's

 level of experience and past success of broadband systems operation (up

 to 10 points).

     d. Special Consideration Areas Category. In accordance with 7 CFR

 1739.1(a), applicants may receive special consideration if they submit

 documentation demonstrating that they will provide service at the

 Broadband Grant Speed within the following areas (15 points):

     i. Tribal jurisdiction or trust areas.

     ii. Promise Zone (for further information, see the Promise Zone Web

 site at http://www.hud.gov/promisezones/).

     iii. Strike Force area (for further information, see the

 Strikeforce Web site at
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usda?navid=STRIKE_FORCE).

     e. In making a final selection among and between applications with

 comparable rankings and geographic distribution, the Administrator may

 take



 [[Page 2944]]



 into consideration the characteristics of the Proposed Funded Service

 Area (PFSA), as identified in 7 CFR 1739.17(d).

 2. Review and Selection Process

     Grant applications are ranked according to their final scores. RUS

 selects applications based on those rankings, subject to the

 availability of funds and consistent with 7 CFR 1739.17. In addition,

 it should be noted that an application receiving fewer points can be

 selected over an application receiving more points in the event that

 there are insufficient funds available to cover the costs of the higher

 scoring application, as stated in 7 CFR 1739.16(f).

     a. In addition to the scoring criteria that rank applications

 against each other, the Agency evaluates grant applications on the

 following items, in accordance with 7 CFR 1739.16:

     i. Financial feasibility. A proposal that does not indicate

 financial feasibility or that is not sustainable will not be approved

 for an award.

     ii. Technical considerations. An application that contains flaws

 that would prevent the successful implementation, operation, or

 sustainability of the project will not be approved for an award.

     b. Applications conforming with this part will then be evaluated

 competitively and ranked by a panel of RUS employees that the

 Administrator of RUS selects, and will be awarded points as described

 in the scoring criteria in 7 CFR 1739.17. Applications will be ranked

 and grants awarded in order until all grant funds are expended.

     c. The Agency reserves the right to offer the applicant a lower

 amount than the amount proposed in the application, as stated in 7 CFR

 1739.16(g).



 F. Federal Award Administration Information



 1. Federal Award Notices

     a. Successful applications. RUS notifies applicants whose projects

 are selected for awards by mailing or emailing a copy of the award

 letter. The receipt of an award letter does not authorize the applicant

 to commence performance under the award.

     b. After sending the award letter, the Agency will send an

 agreement that contains all the terms and conditions, as referenced in

 7 CFR 1739.18 and Section B of this NOSA. A copy of the standard

 agreement is posted on the RUS Web site at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/community-connect-grants. RUS
recognizes that each

 funded project is unique, and therefore may attach additional

 conditions to individual award documents. An applicant must execute and

 return the grant agreement with any additional items required by the

 agreement within the number of days specified in the selection notice

 letter.

 2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements

     The items listed in this NOSA, the Community Connect Grant Program

 regulation, the FY 2017 Application Guide, and accompanying materials

 implement the appropriate administrative and national policy

 requirements, which include, but are not limited to:

     a. Executing a Community Connect Grant Agreement.

     b. Using Form SF 270, ``Request for Advance or Reimbursement,'' to

 request reimbursements (along with the submission of receipts for

 expenditures, timesheets, and any other documentation to support the

 request for reimbursement).

     c. Providing annual project performance activity reports until the

 expiration of the award.

     d. Ensuring that records are maintained to document all activities

 and expenditures utilizing Community Connect grant funds and matching

 funds (receipts for expenditures are to be included in this

 documentation).

     e. Providing a final project performance report.

     f. Complying with policies, guidance, and requirements as described

 in the following applicable Code of Federal Regulations, and any

 successor regulations:

     i. 2 CFR parts 200 and 400 (Uniform Administrative Requirements,

 Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards).

     ii. 2 CFR part 417 (Nonprocurement Debarment and Suspension).

     iii. 2 CFR part 180 (Government-wide Debarment and Suspension).

     g. Signing Form AD-3031 (``Assurance Regarding Felony Conviction or

 Tax Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants'') (for corporate

 applicants only).

     h. Complying with Executive Order 13166, ``Improving Access to

 Services for Persons with Limited English Proficiency.'' For

 information on limited English proficiency and agency-specific

 guidance, go to http://www.LEP.gov.

 3. Reporting

     a. Performance reporting. All recipients of Community Connect Grant

 Program financial assistance must provide annual performance activity

 reports to RUS until the project is complete and the funds are

 expended. A final performance report is also required. This report may

 serve as the last annual report. The final report must include an

 evaluation of the success of the project in meeting the Community

 Connect Grant Program objectives. See 7 CFR 1739.19 and 2 CFR 200.328

 for additional information on these reporting requirements.

     b. Financial reporting. All recipients of Community Connect Grant

 Program financial assistance must provide an annual audit, beginning

 with the first year in which a portion of the financial assistance is

 expended. Audits are governed by USDA audit regulations. See 7 CFR

 1739.20 and 2 CFR part 200 (Subpart F) for a description of the

 financial reporting requirements.

     c. Recipient and Sub-recipient Reporting. The applicant must have

 the necessary processes and systems in place to comply with the

 reporting requirements for first-tier sub-awards and executive

 compensation under the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency

 Act of 2006 in the event the applicant receives funding unless such

 applicant is exempt from such reporting requirements pursuant to 2 CFR

 170.110(b). The reporting requirements under the Transparency Act

 pursuant to 2 CFR 170 are as follows:

     i. First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more (unless they are exempt

 under 2 CFR part 170) must be reported by the Recipient to https://www.fsrs.gov
no later than the end of the month following the month the

 obligation was made. Please note that currently underway is a

 consolidation of eight federal procurement systems, including the

 Federal Sub-award Reporting System (FSRS), into one system, the System

 for Award Management (SAM). As a result, the FSRS will soon be

 consolidated into and accessed through https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.

     ii. The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (the five

 most highly compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient

 (if the Recipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ by the end of the month following the

 month in which the award was made.

     iii. The Total Compensation of the Sub-recipient's Executives (the

 five most highly compensated executives) must be reported by the Sub-

 recipient (if the Sub-recipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part

 170) to the Recipient by the end of the month following the



 [[Page 2945]]



 month in which the sub-award was made.

     d. Record Keeping and Accounting. The contract will contain

 provisions related to record keeping and accounting requirements.



 G. Federal Awarding Agency Contacts



     1. Web site: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
community-connect-grants. This site maintains up-to-date resources and contact

 information for the Community Connect Grant Program;

     2. Telephone: 202-720-0800;

     3. Email: community.connect@wdc.usda.gov; and

     4. Main Point of Contact: Shawn Arner, Deputy Assistant

 Administrator, Office of Loan Origination and Approval, Rural Utilities

 Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture.



 H. Other Information



 1. USDA Non-Discrimination Statement

     USDA prohibits discrimination against its customers, employees, and

 applicants for employment on the bases of race, color, national origin,

 age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and where

 applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental

 status, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is

 derived from any public assistance program, or protected genetic

 information in employment or in any program or activity conducted or

 funded by USDA. (Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs

 and/or employment activities.)

 2. How To File a Complaint

     a. Equal Employment Opportunity Complaint. Individuals who wish to

 file an employment complaint must contact their Agency's EEO Counselor

 within 45 days of the date of the alleged discriminatory act, event, or

 in the case of a personnel action. Additional information can be found

 online at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_file.html.

     b. Program Discrimination Complaint. Individuals who wish to file a

 Program Discrimination Complaint must complete the USDA Program

 Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html or at any USDA office, or

 call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. A letter may also be written

 containing all of the information requested in the form. Send the

 completed complaint form or letter by mail to the U.S. Department of

 Agriculture, Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue

 SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, or email at program.intake@usda.gov

 3. Persons With Disabilities

     Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing, or have speech

 disabilities and wish to file either an EEO or program complaint may

 contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339

 (English) or (800) 845-6136 (Spanish).

     Persons with disabilities who wish to file a program complaint,

 please see information above on how to contact USDA by mail or email.

 Individuals who require alternative means of communication for program

 information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) may contact

 USDA's TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).



     Dated: December 6, 2016.

 Brandon McBride,

 Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.

 [FR Doc. 2017-00194 Filed 1-9-17; 8:45 am]

  BILLING CODE P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 10, 2017 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Announcement of Grant Application Deadlines and Funding Levels
Pages 2940 - 2945 [FR DOC # 2017-00194]

LENGTH: 6428  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Utilities Service Announcement of Grant
Application Deadlines and Funding Levels AGENCY: Rural Utilities Service, USDA.
ACTION: Notice of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA).
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Utilities Service (RUS), an agency of the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA), herein referred to as RUS or the Agency, announces its
Community Connect Grant Program application window for Fiscal Year (FY) 2017. In
addition, this NOSA announces the minimum and maximum Community Connect grant
amounts, the funding priority, the application submission dates, the agency
contact information, and the procedures for submission of paper and electronic
applications. RUS will publish the amount of funding received in the final
appropriations act on its Web site at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/newsroom/notices-solicitation-applications-nosas.
Applicants can review the Community Connect Grant Program regulation at 7 CFR
part 1739 (Subpart A). DATES: Submit completed paper or electronic grant
applications by the following deadlines:  Paper submissions: Paper submissions
must be postmarked



 and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight no later than March 13, 2017 to

 be eligible for FY 2017 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications

 will not be eligible for FY 2017 grant funding.

      Electronic submissions: Electronic submissions must be

 received no later than March 13, 2017 to be eligible for FY 2017 grant

 funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for FY

 2017 grant funding.

      If the submission deadline falls on Saturday, Sunday, or a

 Federal holiday, the application is due the next business day.



 ADDRESSES: Copies of the FY 2017 Application Guide and materials for

 the Community Connect Grant Program may be obtained through:

     (1) The Community Connect Web site at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/community-connect-grants; and

     (2) The RUS Office of Loan Origination and Approval at 202-720-

 0800.

     Completed applications may be submitted the following ways:

     (1) Paper: Mail paper applications to the Rural Utilities Service,

 Telecommunications Program, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Room 2844, STOP

 1597, Washington, DC 20250-1597. Mark address with ``Attention: Deputy

 Assistant Administrator, Office of Loan Origination and Approval, Rural

 Utilities Service.''

     (2) Electronic: Submit electronic applications through Grants.gov.

 Prospective applicants can access information on submitting electronic

 applications at any time, regardless of registration status, through

 the Grants.gov Web site at http://www.grants.gov. However, in order to

 use the electronic submission option, applicants must register with

 Grants.gov.



 FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Shawn Arner, Deputy Assistant

 Administrator, Office of Loan Origination and Approval, Rural Utilities

 Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, telephone: (202) 720-0800.



 SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:



 Overview



     Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service (RUS).

     Funding Opportunity Title: Community Connect Grant Program.

     Announcement Type: Initial announcement.

     Funding Opportunity Number: RDRUS-CC-2017.

     Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.863.

     Dates: Applicants must submit the paper or electronic grant

 applications by the deadlines found in this section and Section D(5).



 A. Program Description



     The purpose of the Community Connect Grant Program is to provide

 financial assistance in the form of grants to eligible applicants that

 will provide service at the Broadband Grant Speed to all premises in

 currently unserved, lower-income, and extremely rural areas. RUS will

 give priority to rural areas that demonstrate the greatest need for

 broadband services, based on the criteria contained herein.

     In addition to providing service to all premises, the program's

 ``community-oriented connectivity'' concept will stimulate practical,

 everyday uses and applications of broadband by cultivating the

 deployment of new broadband services that improve economic development

 and provide enhanced educational and health care opportunities in rural

 areas. Such an approach will also give rural communities the

 opportunity to benefit from the advanced technologies that are

 necessary to achieve these goals. The regulation for the Community

 Connect Program can be found at 7 CFR part 1739.

     As in years past, the FY 2017 Community Connect Grant Application

 Guide has been updated based on program experience. All applicants

 should carefully review and prepare their applications according to

 instructions in the FY 2017 Application Guide and sample materials.

 Expenses incurred in developing applications will be at the applicant's

 own risk.



 B. Federal Award Information



     In accordance with 7 CFR 1739.2, the Administrator has established

 a minimum grant request amount of $100,000 and a maximum grant request

 amount of $3,000,000 per application for FY 2017.

     The standard grant agreement, which specifies the term of each

 award, is available at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/UTP_Comm_ConnectGrantAgreement.pdf. The Agency will
make awards, and

 successful applicants will be required to execute documents appropriate

 to the project before the Agency will advance funding.

     While prior Community Connect grants cannot be renewed, existing

 Community Connect awardees may submit applications for new projects.

 The Agency will evaluate project proposals from existing awardees as

 new applications. All grant applications must be submitted during the

 application window.



 C. Eligibility Information



 1. Eligible Applicants (See 7 CFR 1739.10)

     a. Only entities legally organized as one of the following are

 eligible for Community Connect Grant Program financial assistance:

     i. An incorporated organization.



 [[Page 2941]]



     ii. An Indian tribe or tribal organization, as defined in 25 U.S.C.

 450b.

     iii. A state or local unit of government.

     iv. Other legal entity, including a cooperative, private

 corporation, or limited liability company organized on a for-profit or

 not-for-profit basis.

     b. Applicants must have the legal capacity and authority to enter

 into contracts, to comply with applicable federal statutes and

 regulations, and to own and operate the broadband facilities as

 proposed in their application.

     c. Applicants must have an active registration with current

 information in the System for Award Management (SAM) at https://www.sam.gov and
have a Dun and Bradstreet (D&B) Data Universal

 Numbering System (DUNS) number. Further information regarding SAM

 registration and DUNS number acquisition can be found in Sections D(3)

 and D(4) of this NOSA.

 2. Ineligible Applicants

     a. The following entities are not eligible for Community Connect

 Grant Program financial assistance:

     i. Individuals and partnerships.

     ii. Corporations that have been convicted of a Federal felony

 within the past 24 months. Any corporation that has been assessed to

 have any unpaid federal tax liability, for which all judicial and

 administrative remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed and is not

 being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with the

 authority responsible for collecting the tax liability, is not eligible

 for financial assistance.

     b. In accordance with the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016,

 Sections 743-4, no funds may be available ``for a contract, grant, or

 cooperative agreement with an entity that requires employees or

 contractors of such entity seeking to report fraud, waste, or abuse to

 sign internal confidentiality agreements or statements prohibiting or

 otherwise restricting such employees or contractors from lawfully

 reporting such waste, fraud, or abuse to a designated investigative or

 law enforcement representative of a Federal department or agency

 authorized to receive such information.''

 3. Cost Sharing or Matching

     The Community Connect Grant Program requires matching contributions

 for grants. See 7 CFR 1739.14 and the FY 2017 Application Guide for

 information on required matching contributions.

     a. Grant applicants must demonstrate matching contributions in cash

 of at least fifteen percent (15%) of the requested grant amount.

 Matching contributions must be used solely for the Project and shall

 not include any financial assistance from federal sources unless there

 is a federal statutory exception specifically authorizing the federal

 financial assistance to be considered as such as discussed in 7 CFR

 1739.14.

     b. Applications that do not provide sufficient documentation of the

 required fifteen percent match will be declared ineligible.

 4. Funding Restrictions

     a. Eligible grant purposes.

     Grant funds may be used to finance:

     i. The construction, acquisition, or leasing of facilities,

 including spectrum, land or buildings to deploy service at the

 Broadband Grant Speed to all participating Critical Community

 Facilities and all required facilities needed to offer such service to

 all residential and business customers located within the Proposed

 Funded Service Area;

     ii. The improvement, expansion, construction, or acquisition of a

 Community Center that furnishes free internet access at the Broadband

 Grant Speed and provides Computer Access Points. Grant funds provided

 for such costs shall not exceed the lesser of ten percent (10%) of the

 grant amount requested or $150,000; and

     iii. The cost of bandwidth to provide service free of charge at the

 Broadband Grant Speed to Critical Community Facilities for the first

 two (2) years of operation.

     b. Ineligible grant purposes.

     Grant funds may not be used to finance:

     i. The duplication of any existing Broadband Service provided by

 another entity.

     ii. Operating expenses other than the cost of providing bandwidth

 at the Broadband Grant Speed to the Critical Community Facilities for

 two (2) years.

     iii. Any other operating expenses not specifically permitted in 7

 CFR 1739.12.

     c. Other. For more information, see 7 CFR 1739.3 for definitions, 7

 CFR 1739.12 for eligible grant purposes, and 7 CFR 1739.13 for

 ineligible grant purposes.

 5. Other

     Eligible projects must propose to fulfill the following

 requirements (see 7 CFR 1739.11 for more information):

     a. Minimum Broadband Service. RUS uses this measurement to

 determine whether a proposed funded service area is served or unserved.

 Until otherwise revised in the Federal Register, the minimum rate-of-

 data transmission that qualifies as Minimum Broadband Service is four

 (4) megabits per second downstream and one (1) megabit per second

 upstream for both fixed and mobile broadband service. RUS will

 determine that Broadband Service does not exist for areas with no

 broadband access or whose access is less than 4 Mbps downstream plus 1

 Mbps upstream.

     b. Minimum Broadband Grant Speed. The minimum bandwidth that an

 applicant must propose to deliver to every customer in the proposed

 funded service area. Until otherwise revised in the Federal Register,

 the minimum rate-of-data transmission that qualifies as Minimum

 Broadband Grant Speed is ten (10) megabits downstream and one (1)

 megabit upstream for both fixed and mobile service to the customer.

     c. Rural Area. A Rural Area refers to any area, as confirmed by the

 most recent decennial Census of the United States, which is not located

 within:

     i. A city, town, or incorporated area that has a population of

 greater than 20,000 inhabitants; or

     ii. An urbanized area contiguous and adjacent to a city or town

 that has a population of greater than 50,000 inhabitants. For purposes

 of the definition of Rural Area, an urbanized area means a densely

 populated territory as defined in the most recent decennial Census.

     d. Proposed Funded Service Area (PFSA). Applicants must define a

 contiguous geographic area within an eligible Rural Area, in which

 Broadband Service does not currently exist, and where the applicant

 proposes to offer service at the Broadband Grant Speed to all

 residential and business customers. A PFSA must not overlap with

 Service Areas of current RUS borrowers and grantees.

     e. Critical Community Facilities. Applicants must propose to offer

 service, free of charge to users, at the Broadband Grant Speed to all

 Critical Community Facilities located within the Proposed Funded

 Service Area for at least two (2) years.

     f. Community Center. Applicants must propose to provide a Community

 Center, within the PFSA, with at least two (2) Computer Access Points

 and wireless access at the Broadband Grant Speed free of charge to

 users for at least two (2) years.



 D. Application and Submission Information



     The FY 2017 Application Guide provides specific detailed

 instructions



 [[Page 2942]]



 for each item in a complete application. The Agency emphasizes the

 importance of including every required item and strongly encourages

 applicants to follow the instructions carefully, using the examples and

 illustrations in the FY 2017 Application Guide. Applications submitted

 by the application deadline, but have critical missing items will be

 returned as ineligible. The Agency will not solicit or consider scoring

 or eligibility information that is submitted after the application

 deadline. However, depending on the specific scoring criteria,

 applications that do not include all items necessary for scoring may

 still be eligible applications, but may not receive full or any credit

 if the information cannot be verified. See the FY 2017 Application

 Guide for a full discussion of each required item. For a comprehensive

 list of all information required in a grant application, refer to 7 CFR

 1739.15.

 1. Address To Request Application Package

     The FY 2017 Application Guide, copies of necessary forms and

 samples, and the Community Connect Grant Program Regulation are

 available in the following locations:

     a. Community Connect Grant Program Web page at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/community-connect-grants.

     b. The Office of Loan Origination and Approval in RUS; call 202-

 720-0800.

 2. Content and Form of Application Submission

     a. Carefully review the Community Connect Application Guide and the

 7 CFR part 1739, which detail all necessary forms and worksheets. A

 table summarizing the necessary components of a complete application

 can be found in Section D(2)(d).

     b. Submission of Application Items. Given the high volume of

 program interest, applicants should submit the required application

 items in the order indicated in the FY 2017 Application Guide.

 Applications that are not assembled and tabbed in the specified order

 impede timely determination of eligibility. For applications with

 inconsistencies among submitted copies, the Agency will base its

 evaluation on the original signed application received.

     c. Additional Information. The Agency may ask for additional or

 clarifying information for applications submitted by the deadline which

 appear to meet the eligibility requirements, but require further

 review.

     d. Table of Required Information in a Complete Grant Application.

 This table summarizes and categorizes the items required in a grant

 application.



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------

                                         Application item           Regulation
Comments

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------

 A..................................  Application for
......................  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       Federal Assistance
Application Guide.

                                       Form.

                                      SF-424 Standard Form..

                                      A-2 SAM Registration
......................  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       Information.
Application Guide.

                                      A-3 State Director
......................  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       Notification.
Application Guide.

                                      A-4 Equal Opportunity
......................  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       Survey.
Application Guide.

 B..................................  Executive Summary of
......................  Narrative.

                                       the Project.

 C..................................  Scoring Criteria
......................  Narrative & Documentation.

                                       Documentation.

                                      Special Considerations
......................  Documentation.

 D..................................  System Design.........
......................  Narrative & Documentation.

                                      Network Diagram.......
......................  Documentation.

                                      Environmental           7 CFR part
1970.......  Narrative & Documentation.

                                       Questionnaire.

 E..................................  Service Area Map......
......................  Provided in RUS web-based


Mapping Tool.

                                      Service Area
......................  Documentation.

                                       Demographics.

 F..................................  Scope of Work.........
......................  Narrative & Documentation.

                                      Construction Build-out
......................  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       and Project
Application Guide.

                                       Milestones.

                                      Project Budget........
......................  Form provided in FY 2017


Application Guide.

 G..................................  Community-oriented
......................  Narrative.

                                       Connectivity Plan.

 H..................................  Financial Information
......................  Narrative & Documentation.

                                       and Sustainability.

 I..................................  Statement of
......................  Narrative.

                                       Experience.

 J..................................  Evidence of Legal
......................  Documentation.

                                       Authority and

                                       Existence.

 K..................................  Additional Funding....
......................  Narrative & Documentation.

 L..................................  Compliance with Other

                                       Statutes and

                                       Regulations.

                                      Equal Opportunity and   7 CFR part 15
(Subpart  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       Nondiscrimination.      A).
Application Guide.

                                      Uniform Relocation      49 CFR Part 24 and
7    Form provided in FY 2017

                                       Assistance and Real     CFR Part 21.
Application Guide.

                                       Property Acquisition

                                       Policies Act of 1970.

                                      Debarment, Suspension,  7 CFR Part
3017.......  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       and Other
Application Guide.

                                       Responsibility

                                       Matters.

                                      Lobbying for            7 CFR Part
3018.......  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       Contracts, Grants,
Application Guide.

                                       Loans, and

                                       Cooperative

                                       Agreements.

                                      Drug-Free Workplace...  7 CFR Part
3017.......  Form provided in FY 2017


Application Guide.

                                      Architectural Barriers
......................  Form provided in FY 2017


Application Guide.

                                      Flood Hazard Area       7 CFR
1970............  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       Precautions.
Application Guide.

                                      Non-Duplication of
......................  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       Services.
Application Guide.

                                      Federal Collection
......................  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       Policies for
Application Guide.

                                       Commercial Debt.



 [[Page 2943]]





                                      Assurance Regarding
......................  Form provided in FY 2017

                                       Felony Conviction or
Application Guide

                                       Tax Delinquent Status
(corporate applicants-

                                       for Corporate
only).

                                       Applicants.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------



     e. Number of copies of submitted applications.

     i. Applications submitted on paper. Submit the original application

 and two (2) copies to RUS.

     ii. Applications submitted electronically through Grants.gov.

 Submit the electronic application once. Carefully read the FY 2017

 Application Guide for guidance on submitting an electronic application.

 Applicants should identify and number each page in the same manner as

 the paper application.

 3. Dun and Bradstreet Universal Numbering System (DUNS) Number

     The grant applicant must supply a DUNS number as part of the

 application. The Standard Form 424 (SF-424) contains a field for the

 DUNS number. The applicant can obtain the DUNS number free of charge by

 calling Dun and Bradstreet. Go to http://fedgov.dnb.com /webform for

 more information on DUNS number acquisition or confirmation.

 4. System for Award Management (SAM)

     Prior to submitting a paper or an electronic application, the

 applicant must register in SAM at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/. SAM
registration must be active with current data at all times,

 from the application review throughout the active Federal grant funding

 period. To maintain active SAM registration, the applicant must review

 and update the information in the SAM database annually from the date

 of initial registration or from the date of the last update. The

 applicant must ensure that the information in the database is current,

 accurate, and complete.

 5. Submission Dates and Times

     a. Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or

 sent overnight no later than March 13, 2017 to be eligible for FY 2017

 grant funding. Late applications, applications which do not include

 proof of mailing or shipping, and incomplete applications are not

 eligible for FY 2017 grant funding. If the submission deadline falls on

 Saturday, Sunday, or a Federal holiday, the application is due the next

 business day. In the event of an incomplete application, the Agency

 will notify the applicant in writing, return the application, and

 terminate all further action.

     i. Address paper applications to the Telecommunications Program,

 RUS, U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Room

 2844, STOP 1597, Washington, DC 20250-1597. Applications should be

 marked, ``Attention: Deputy Assistant Administrator, Office of Loan

 Origination and Approval.''

     ii. Paper applications must show proof of mailing or shipping by

 the deadline with one of the following:

     A. A legibly dated U.S. Postal Service (USPS) postmark.

     B. A legible mail receipt with the date of mailing stamped by the

 USPS.

     C. A dated shipping label, invoice, or receipt from a commercial

 carrier.

     iii. Due to screening procedures at the USDA, packages arriving via

 regular mail through the USPS are irradiated, which can damage the

 contents and delay delivery to the office. RUS encourages applicants to

 consider the impact of this procedure when selecting their application

 delivery method.

     b. Electronic grant applications submitted through Grants.gov must

 be received no later than March 13, 2017 to be eligible for FY 2017

 funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for FY

 2017 grant funding.

     i. Applications will not be accepted via fax or electronic mail.

     ii. Electronic applications for grants must be submitted through

 the federal government's Grants.gov initiative at http://www.grants.gov/.
Grants.gov contains full instructions on all required

 passwords, credentialing, and software.

     iii. Grants.gov requires some credentialing and online

 authentication procedures. These procedures may take several business

 days to complete. Therefore, the applicant should complete the

 registration, credentialing, and authorization procedures at Grants.gov

 before submitting an application.

     iv. Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS). The

 grant applicant must supply a DUNS number as part of the application.

 See Section D(3) of this NOSA for more information.

     v. System for Award Management (SAM). Grants.gov requires that the

 applicant's organization is registered in SAM. Be sure to obtain the

 organization's SAM listing well in advance of the application deadline.

 See Section D(4) of this NOSA for more information.

     vi. RUS encourages applicants who wish to apply through Grants.gov

 to submit their applications in advance of the deadline.

     vii. If system errors or technical difficulties occur, use the

 customer support resources available at the Grants.gov Web site.



 E. Application Review Information



 1. Criteria

     Grant applications are scored competitively and are subject to the

 criteria listed below. The maximum number of points possible is 115.

 See 7 CFR 1739.17 and the FY 2017 Application Guide for more

 information on the scoring criteria.

     a. Needs Category. The Agency analyzes the challenges related to

 the following criteria and the ways in which the project proposes to

 address these issues (up to 50 points):

     i. Economic characteristics.

     ii. Educational challenges.

     iii. Health care needs.

     iv. Public safety issues.

     b. Stakeholder Involvement Category. The Agency analyzes the extent

 of the project planning, development, and support from local residents,

 institutions, and Critical Community Facilities (up to 40 points).

     c. Experience Category. The Agency analyzes the management team's

 level of experience and past success of broadband systems operation (up

 to 10 points).

     d. Special Consideration Areas Category. In accordance with 7 CFR

 1739.1(a), applicants may receive special consideration if they submit

 documentation demonstrating that they will provide service at the

 Broadband Grant Speed within the following areas (15 points):

     i. Tribal jurisdiction or trust areas.

     ii. Promise Zone (for further information, see the Promise Zone Web

 site at http://www.hud.gov/promisezones/).

     iii. Strike Force area (for further information, see the

 Strikeforce Web site at
http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usda?navid=STRIKE_FORCE).

     e. In making a final selection among and between applications with

 comparable rankings and geographic distribution, the Administrator may

 take



 [[Page 2944]]



 into consideration the characteristics of the Proposed Funded Service

 Area (PFSA), as identified in 7 CFR 1739.17(d).

 2. Review and Selection Process

     Grant applications are ranked according to their final scores. RUS

 selects applications based on those rankings, subject to the

 availability of funds and consistent with 7 CFR 1739.17. In addition,

 it should be noted that an application receiving fewer points can be

 selected over an application receiving more points in the event that

 there are insufficient funds available to cover the costs of the higher

 scoring application, as stated in 7 CFR 1739.16(f).

     a. In addition to the scoring criteria that rank applications

 against each other, the Agency evaluates grant applications on the

 following items, in accordance with 7 CFR 1739.16:

     i. Financial feasibility. A proposal that does not indicate

 financial feasibility or that is not sustainable will not be approved

 for an award.

     ii. Technical considerations. An application that contains flaws

 that would prevent the successful implementation, operation, or

 sustainability of the project will not be approved for an award.

     b. Applications conforming with this part will then be evaluated

 competitively and ranked by a panel of RUS employees that the

 Administrator of RUS selects, and will be awarded points as described

 in the scoring criteria in 7 CFR 1739.17. Applications will be ranked

 and grants awarded in order until all grant funds are expended.

     c. The Agency reserves the right to offer the applicant a lower

 amount than the amount proposed in the application, as stated in 7 CFR

 1739.16(g).



 F. Federal Award Administration Information



 1. Federal Award Notices

     a. Successful applications. RUS notifies applicants whose projects

 are selected for awards by mailing or emailing a copy of the award

 letter. The receipt of an award letter does not authorize the applicant

 to commence performance under the award.

     b. After sending the award letter, the Agency will send an

 agreement that contains all the terms and conditions, as referenced in

 7 CFR 1739.18 and Section B of this NOSA. A copy of the standard

 agreement is posted on the RUS Web site at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/community-connect-grants. RUS
recognizes that each

 funded project is unique, and therefore may attach additional

 conditions to individual award documents. An applicant must execute and

 return the grant agreement with any additional items required by the

 agreement within the number of days specified in the selection notice

 letter.

 2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements

     The items listed in this NOSA, the Community Connect Grant Program

 regulation, the FY 2017 Application Guide, and accompanying materials

 implement the appropriate administrative and national policy

 requirements, which include, but are not limited to:

     a. Executing a Community Connect Grant Agreement.

     b. Using Form SF 270, ``Request for Advance or Reimbursement,'' to

 request reimbursements (along with the submission of receipts for

 expenditures, timesheets, and any other documentation to support the

 request for reimbursement).

     c. Providing annual project performance activity reports until the

 expiration of the award.

     d. Ensuring that records are maintained to document all activities

 and expenditures utilizing Community Connect grant funds and matching

 funds (receipts for expenditures are to be included in this

 documentation).

     e. Providing a final project performance report.

     f. Complying with policies, guidance, and requirements as described

 in the following applicable Code of Federal Regulations, and any

 successor regulations:

     i. 2 CFR parts 200 and 400 (Uniform Administrative Requirements,

 Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards).

     ii. 2 CFR part 417 (Nonprocurement Debarment and Suspension).

     iii. 2 CFR part 180 (Government-wide Debarment and Suspension).

     g. Signing Form AD-3031 (``Assurance Regarding Felony Conviction or

 Tax Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants'') (for corporate

 applicants only).

     h. Complying with Executive Order 13166, ``Improving Access to

 Services for Persons with Limited English Proficiency.'' For

 information on limited English proficiency and agency-specific

 guidance, go to http://www.LEP.gov.

 3. Reporting

     a. Performance reporting. All recipients of Community Connect Grant

 Program financial assistance must provide annual performance activity

 reports to RUS until the project is complete and the funds are

 expended. A final performance report is also required. This report may

 serve as the last annual report. The final report must include an

 evaluation of the success of the project in meeting the Community

 Connect Grant Program objectives. See 7 CFR 1739.19 and 2 CFR 200.328

 for additional information on these reporting requirements.

     b. Financial reporting. All recipients of Community Connect Grant

 Program financial assistance must provide an annual audit, beginning

 with the first year in which a portion of the financial assistance is

 expended. Audits are governed by USDA audit regulations. See 7 CFR

 1739.20 and 2 CFR part 200 (Subpart F) for a description of the

 financial reporting requirements.

     c. Recipient and Sub-recipient Reporting. The applicant must have

 the necessary processes and systems in place to comply with the

 reporting requirements for first-tier sub-awards and executive

 compensation under the Federal Funding Accountability and Transparency

 Act of 2006 in the event the applicant receives funding unless such

 applicant is exempt from such reporting requirements pursuant to 2 CFR

 170.110(b). The reporting requirements under the Transparency Act

 pursuant to 2 CFR 170 are as follows:

     i. First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more (unless they are exempt

 under 2 CFR part 170) must be reported by the Recipient to https://www.fsrs.gov
no later than the end of the month following the month the

 obligation was made. Please note that currently underway is a

 consolidation of eight federal procurement systems, including the

 Federal Sub-award Reporting System (FSRS), into one system, the System

 for Award Management (SAM). As a result, the FSRS will soon be

 consolidated into and accessed through https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.

     ii. The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (the five

 most highly compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient

 (if the Recipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ by the end of the month following the

 month in which the award was made.

     iii. The Total Compensation of the Sub-recipient's Executives (the

 five most highly compensated executives) must be reported by the Sub-

 recipient (if the Sub-recipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part

 170) to the Recipient by the end of the month following the



 [[Page 2945]]



 month in which the sub-award was made.

     d. Record Keeping and Accounting. The contract will contain

 provisions related to record keeping and accounting requirements.



 G. Federal Awarding Agency Contacts



     1. Web site: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
community-connect-grants. This site maintains up-to-date resources and contact

 information for the Community Connect Grant Program;

     2. Telephone: 202-720-0800;

     3. Email: community.connect@wdc.usda.gov; and

     4. Main Point of Contact: Shawn Arner, Deputy Assistant

 Administrator, Office of Loan Origination and Approval, Rural Utilities

 Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture.



 H. Other Information



 1. USDA Non-Discrimination Statement

     USDA prohibits discrimination against its customers, employees, and

 applicants for employment on the bases of race, color, national origin,

 age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and where

 applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental

 status, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is

 derived from any public assistance program, or protected genetic

 information in employment or in any program or activity conducted or

 funded by USDA. (Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs

 and/or employment activities.)

 2. How To File a Complaint

     a. Equal Employment Opportunity Complaint. Individuals who wish to

 file an employment complaint must contact their Agency's EEO Counselor

 within 45 days of the date of the alleged discriminatory act, event, or

 in the case of a personnel action. Additional information can be found

 online at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_file.html.

     b. Program Discrimination Complaint. Individuals who wish to file a

 Program Discrimination Complaint must complete the USDA Program

 Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html or at any USDA office, or

 call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. A letter may also be written

 containing all of the information requested in the form. Send the

 completed complaint form or letter by mail to the U.S. Department of

 Agriculture, Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue

 SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, or email at program.intake@usda.gov

 3. Persons With Disabilities

     Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing, or have speech

 disabilities and wish to file either an EEO or program complaint may

 contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339

 (English) or (800) 845-6136 (Spanish).

     Persons with disabilities who wish to file a program complaint,

 please see information above on how to contact USDA by mail or email.

 Individuals who require alternative means of communication for program

 information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) may contact

 USDA's TARGET Center at 202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).



     Dated: December 6, 2016.

 Brandon McBride,

 Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.

 [FR Doc. 2017-00194 Filed 1-9-17; 8:45 am]

  BILLING CODE P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 10, 2017 Tuesday

Grant Application Deadlines and Funding Levels

LENGTH: 5625  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Utilities Service
(RUS)



  Action



 Notice of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA).

 Summary



 The Rural Utilities Service (RUS), an agency of the United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA), herein referred to as RUS or the Agency, announces its
Community Connect Grant Program application window for Fiscal Year (FY) 2017. In
addition, this NOSA announces the minimum and maximum Community Connect grant
amounts, the funding priority, the application submission dates, the agency
contact information, and the procedures for submission of paper and electronic
applications.





 RUS will publish the amount of funding received in the final appropriations act
on its Web site at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/newsroom/notices-solicitation-applications-nosas.
Applicants can review the Community Connect Grant Program regulation at 7 CFR
part 1739 (Subpart A).

 Dates



 Submit completed paper or electronic grant applications by the following
deadlines:



     Paper submissions: Paper submissions must be postmarked and mailed,
shipped, or sent overnight no later than March 13, 2017 to be eligible for FY
2017 grant funding. Late or incomplete applications will not be eligible for FY
2017 grant funding.

     Electronic submissions: Electronic submissions must be received no later
than March 13, 2017 to be eligible for FY 2017 grant funding. Late or incomplete
applications will not be eligible for FY 2017 grant funding.

     If the submission deadline falls on Saturday, Sunday, or a Federal holiday,
the application is due the next business day.



 Addresses



 Copies of the FY 2017 Application Guide and materials for the Community Connect
Grant Program may be obtained through:



 (1) The Community Connect Web site at http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
community-connect-grants; and



 (2) The RUS Office of Loan Origination and Approval at 202-720-0800.



 Completed applications may be submitted the following ways:



 (1) Paper: Mail paper applications to the Rural Utilities Service,
Telecommunications Program, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Room 2844, STOP 1597,
Washington, DC 20250-1597. Mark address with "Attention: Deputy Assistant
Administrator, Office of Loan Origination and Approval, Rural Utilities
Service."



 (2) Electronic: Submit electronic applications through Grants.gov. Prospective
applicants can access information on submitting electronic applications at any
time, regardless of registration status, through the Grants.gov Web site at
http://www.grants.gov. However, in order to use the electronic submission
option, applicants must register with Grants.gov.

 For Further Information Contact



 Shawn Arner, Deputy Assistant Administrator, Office of Loan Origination and
Approval, Rural Utilities Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture, telephone:
(202) 720-0800.

 Supplementary Information

 Overview



 Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service (RUS).



 Funding Opportunity Title: Community Connect Grant Program.



 Announcement Type: Initial announcement.



 Funding Opportunity Number: RDRUS-CC-2017.



 Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.863.



 Dates: Applicants must submit the paper or electronic grant applications by the
deadlines found in this section and Section D(5).

 A. Program Description



 The purpose of the Community Connect Grant Program is to provide financial
assistance in the form of grants to eligible applicants that will provide
service at the Broadband Grant Speed to all premises in currently unserved,
lower-income, and extremely rural areas. RUS will give priority to rural areas
that demonstrate the greatest need for broadband services, based on the criteria
contained herein.



 In addition to providing service to all premises, the program's "community
-oriented connectivity" concept will stimulate practical, everyday uses and
applications of broadband by cultivating the deployment of new broadband
services that improve economic development and provide enhanced educational and
health care opportunities in rural areas. Such an approach will also give rural
communities the opportunity to benefit from the advanced technologies that are
necessary to achieve these goals. The regulation for the Community Connect
Program can be found at 7 CFR part 1739.



 As in years past, the FY 2017 Community Connect Grant Application Guide has
been updated based on program experience. All applicants should carefully review
and prepare their applications according to instructions in the FY 2017
Application Guide and sample materials. Expenses incurred in developing
applications will be at the applicant's own risk.

 B. Federal Award Information



 In accordance with 7 CFR 1739.2, the Administrator has established a minimum
grant request amount of $100,000 and a maximum grant request amount of
$3,000,000 per application for FY 2017.



 The standard grant agreement, which specifies the term of each award, is
available at http://www.rd.usda.gov/files/UTP_Comm_ConnectGrantAgreement.pdf.
The Agency will make awards, and successful applicants will be required to
execute documents appropriate to the project before the Agency will advance
funding.



 While prior Community Connect grants cannot be renewed, existing Community
Connect awardees may submit applications for new projects. The Agency will
evaluate project proposals from existing awardees as new applications. All grant
applications must be submitted during the application window.

 C. Eligibility Information

 1. Eligible Applicants (See 7 CFR 1739.10)



 a. Only entities legally organized as one of the following are eligible for
Community Connect Grant Program financial assistance:



 i. An incorporated organization.



 ii. An Indian tribe or tribal organization, as defined in 25 U.S.C. 450b.



 iii. A state or local unit of government.



 iv. Other legal entity, including a cooperative, private corporation, or
limited liability company organized on a for-profit or not-for-profit basis.



 b. Applicants must have the legal capacity and authority to enter into
contracts, to comply with applicable federal statutes and regulations, and to
own and operate the broadband facilities as proposed in their application.



 c. Applicants must have an active registration with current information in the
System for Award Management (SAM) at https://www.sam.gov and have a Dun and
Bradstreet (D&B) Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS) number. Further
information regarding SAM registration and DUNS number acquisition can be found
in Sections D(3) and D(4) of this NOSA.

 2. Ineligible Applicants



 a. The following entities are not eligible for Community Connect Grant Program
financial assistance:



 i. Individuals and partnerships.



 ii. Corporations that have been convicted of a Federal felony within the past
24 months. Any corporation that has been assessed to have any unpaid federal tax
liability, for which all judicial and administrative remedies have been
exhausted or have lapsed and is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an
agreement with the authority responsible for collecting the tax liability, is
not eligible for financial assistance.



 b. In accordance with the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016, Sections
743-4, no funds may be available "for a contract, grant, or cooperative
agreement with an entity that requires employees or contractors of such entity
seeking to report fraud, waste, or abuse to sign internal confidentiality
agreements or statements prohibiting or otherwise restricting such employees or
contractors from lawfully reporting such waste, fraud, or abuse to a designated
investigative or law enforcement representative of a Federal department or
agency authorized to receive such information."

 3. Cost Sharing or Matching



 The Community Connect Grant Program requires matching contributions for grants.
See 7 CFR 1739.14 and the FY 2017 Application Guide for information on required
matching contributions.



 a. Grant applicants must demonstrate matching contributions in cash of at least
fifteen percent (15%) of the requested grant amount. Matching contributions must
be used solely for the Project and shall not include any financial assistance
from federal sources unless there is a federal statutory exception specifically
authorizing the federal financial assistance to be considered as such as
discussed in 7 CFR 1739.14.



 b. Applications that do not provide sufficient documentation of the required
fifteen percent match will be declared ineligible.

 4. Funding Restrictions



 a. Eligible grant purposes.



 Grant funds may be used to finance:



 i. The construction, acquisition, or leasing of facilities, including spectrum,
land or buildings to deploy service at the Broadband Grant Speed to all
participating Critical Community Facilities and all required facilities needed
to offer such service to all residential and business customers located within
the Proposed Funded Service Area;



 ii. The improvement, expansion, construction, or acquisition of a Community
Center that furnishes free internet access at the Broadband Grant Speed and
provides Computer Access Points. Grant funds provided for such costs shall not
exceed the lesser of ten percent (10%) of the grant amount requested or
$150,000; and



 iii. The cost of bandwidth to provide service free of charge at the Broadband
Grant Speed to Critical Community Facilities for the first two (2) years of
operation.



 b. Ineligible grant purposes.



 Grant funds may not be used to finance:



 i. The duplication of any existing Broadband Service provided by another
entity.



 ii. Operating expenses other than the cost of providing bandwidth at the
Broadband Grant Speed to the Critical Community Facilities for two (2) years.



 iii. Any other operating expenses not specifically permitted in 7 CFR 1739.12.



 c. Other. For more information, see 7 CFR 1739.3 for definitions, 7 CFR 1739.12
for eligible grant purposes, and 7 CFR 1739.13 for ineligible grant purposes.

 5. Other



 Eligible projects must propose to fulfill the following requirements (see 7 CFR
1739.11 for more information):



 a. Minimum Broadband Service. RUS uses this measurement to determine whether a
proposed funded service area is served or unserved. Until otherwise revised in
the Federal Register, the minimum rate-of-data transmission that qualifies as
Minimum Broadband Service is four (4) megabits per second downstream and one (1)
megabit per second upstream for both fixed and mobile broadband service. RUS
will determine that Broadband Service does not exist for areas with no broadband
access or whose access is less than 4 Mbps downstream plus 1 Mbps upstream.



 b. Minimum Broadband Grant Speed. The minimum bandwidth that an applicant must
propose to deliver to every customer in the proposed funded service area. Until
otherwise revised in the Federal Register, the minimum rate-of-data transmission
that qualifies as Minimum Broadband Grant Speed is ten (10) megabits downstream
and one (1) megabit upstream for both fixed and mobile service to the customer.



 c. Rural Area. A Rural Area refers to any area, as confirmed by the most recent
decennial Census of the United States, which is not located within:



 i. A city, town, or incorporated area that has a population of greater than
20,000 inhabitants; or



 ii. An urbanized area contiguous and adjacent to a city or town that has a
population of greater than 50,000 inhabitants. For purposes of the definition of
Rural Area, an urbanized area means a densely populated territory as defined in
the most recent decennial Census.



 d. Proposed Funded Service Area (PFSA). Applicants must define a contiguous
geographic area within an eligible Rural Area, in which Broadband Service does
not currently exist, and where the applicant proposes to offer service at the
Broadband Grant Speed to all residential and business customers. A PFSA must not
overlap with Service Areas of current RUS borrowers and grantees.



 e. Critical Community Facilities. Applicants must propose to offer service,
free of charge to users, at the Broadband Grant Speed to all Critical Community
Facilities located within the Proposed Funded Service Area for at least two (2)
years.



 f. Community Center. Applicants must propose to provide a Community Center,
within the PFSA, with at least two (2) Computer Access Points and wireless
access at the Broadband Grant Speed free of charge to users for at least two (2)
years.

 D. Application and Submission Information



 The FY 2017 Application Guide provides specific detailed instructions for each
item in a complete application. The Agency emphasizes the importance of
including every required item and strongly encourages applicants to follow the
instructions carefully, using the examples and illustrations in the FY 2017
Application Guide. Applications submitted by the application deadline, but have
critical missing items will be returned as ineligible. The Agency will not
solicit or consider scoring or eligibility information that is submitted after
the application deadline. However, depending on the specific scoring criteria,
applications that do not include all items necessary for scoring may still be
eligible applications, but may not receive full or any credit if the information
cannot be verified. See the FY 2017 Application Guide for a full discussion of
each required item. For a comprehensive list of all information required in a
grant application, refer to 7 CFR 1739.15.

 1. Address To Request Application Package



 The FY 2017 Application Guide, copies of necessary forms and samples, and the
Community Connect Grant Program Regulation are available in the following
locations:



 a. Community Connect Grant Program Web page at
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/community-connect-grants.



 b. The Office of Loan Origination and Approval in RUS; call 202-720-0800.

 2. Content and Form of Application Submission



 a. Carefully review the Community Connect Application Guide and the 7 CFR part
1739, which detail all necessary forms and worksheets. A table summarizing the
necessary components of a complete application can be found in Section D(2)(d).



 b. Submission of Application Items. Given the high volume of program interest,
applicants should submit the required application items in the order indicated
in the FY 2017 Application Guide. Applications that are not assembled and tabbed
in the specified order impede timely determination of eligibility. For
applications with inconsistencies among submitted copies, the Agency will base
its evaluation on the original signed application received.



 c. Additional Information. The Agency may ask for additional or clarifying
information for applications submitted by the deadline which appear to meet the
eligibility requirements, but require further review.



 d. Table of Required Information in a Complete Grant Application. This table
summarizes and categorizes the items required in a grant application.

 &emsp; &emsp;    Application item    Regulation    Comments

 A    Application for Federal Assistance Form        Form provided in FY 2017
Application Guide.

 &emsp;    SF-424 Standard Form

 &emsp;    A-2 SAM Registration Information        Form provided in FY 2017
Application Guide.

 &emsp;    A-3 State Director Notification        Form provided in FY 2017
Application Guide.

 &emsp;    A-4 Equal Opportunity Survey        Form provided in FY 2017
Application Guide.

 B    Executive Summary of the Project        Narrative.

 C    Scoring Criteria Documentation        Narrative & Documentation.

 &emsp;    Special Considerations        Documentation.

 D    System Design        Narrative & Documentation.

 &emsp;    Network Diagram        Documentation.

 &emsp;    Environmental Questionnaire    7 CFR part 1970     Narrative &
Documentation.

 E    Service Area Map        Provided in RUS web-based Mapping Tool.

 &emsp;    Service Area Demographics        Documentation.

 F    Scope of Work        Narrative & Documentation.

 &emsp;    Construction Build-out and Project Milestones        Form provided in
FY 2017 Application Guide.

 &emsp;    Project Budget        Form provided in FY 2017 Application Guide.

 G    Community-oriented Connectivity Plan        Narrative.

 H    Financial Information and Sustainability        Narrative & Documentation.


 I    Statement of Experience        Narrative.

 J    Evidence of Legal Authority and Existence        Documentation.

 K    Additional Funding        Narrative & Documentation.

 L    Compliance with Other Statutes and Regulations

 &emsp;    Equal Opportunity and Nondiscrimination    7 CFR part 15 (Subpart A)
Form provided in FY 2017 Application Guide.

 &emsp;    Uniform Relocation Assistance and Real Property Acquisition Policies
Act of 1970    49 CFR Part 24 and 7 CFR Part 21     Form provided in FY 2017
Application Guide.

 &emsp;    Debarment, Suspension, and Other Responsibility Matters    7 CFR Part
3017     Form provided in FY 2017 Application Guide.

 &emsp;    Lobbying for Contracts, Grants, Loans, and Cooperative Agreements
7 CFR Part 3018     Form provided in FY 2017 Application Guide.

 &emsp;    Drug-Free Workplace    7 CFR Part 3017     Form provided in FY 2017
Application Guide.

 &emsp;    Architectural Barriers        Form provided in FY 2017 Application
Guide.

 &emsp;    Flood Hazard Area Precautions    7 CFR 1970     Form provided in FY
2017 Application Guide.

 &emsp;    Non-Duplication of Services        Form provided in FY 2017
Application Guide.

 &emsp;    Federal Collection Policies for Commercial Debt        Form provided
in FY 2017 Application Guide.

 &emsp;    Assurance Regarding Felony Conviction or Tax Delinquent Status for
Corporate Applicants        Form provided in FY 2017 Application Guide
(corporate applicants-only).



 e. Number of copies of submitted applications.



 i. Applications submitted on paper. Submit the original application and two (2)
copies to RUS.



 ii. Applications submitted electronically through Grants.gov. Submit the
electronic application once. Carefully read the FY 2017 Application Guide for
guidance on submitting an electronic application. Applicants should identify and
number each page in the same manner as the paper application.

 3. Dun and Bradstreet Universal Numbering System (DUNS) Number



 The grant applicant must supply a DUNS number as part of the application. The
Standard Form 424 (SF-424) contains a field for the DUNS number. The applicant
can obtain the DUNS number free of charge by calling Dun and Bradstreet. Go to
http://fedgov.dnb.com /webform for more information on DUNS number acquisition
or confirmation.

 4. System for Award Management (SAM)



 Prior to submitting a paper or an electronic application, the applicant must
register in SAM at https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/. SAM registration must
be active with current data at all times, from the application review throughout
the active Federal grant funding period. To maintain active SAM registration,
the applicant must review and update the information in the SAM database
annually from the date of initial registration or from the date of the last
update. The applicant must ensure that the information in the database is
current, accurate, and complete.

 5. Submission Dates and Times



 a. Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight
no later than March 13, 2017 to be eligible for FY 2017 grant funding. Late
applications, applications which do not include proof of mailing or shipping,
and incomplete applications are not eligible for FY 2017 grant funding. If the
submission deadline falls on Saturday, Sunday, or a Federal holiday, the
application is due the next business day. In the event of an incomplete
application, the Agency will notify the applicant in writing, return the
application, and terminate all further action.



 i. Address paper applications to the Telecommunications Program, RUS, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Room 2844, STOP 1597,
Washington, DC 20250-1597. Applications should be marked, "Attention: Deputy
Assistant Administrator, Office of Loan Origination and Approval."



 ii. Paper applications must show proof of mailing or shipping by the deadline
with one of the following:



 A. A legibly dated U.S. Postal Service (USPS) postmark.



 B. A legible mail receipt with the date of mailing stamped by the USPS.



 C. A dated shipping label, invoice, or receipt from a commercial carrier.



 iii. Due to screening procedures at the USDA, packages arriving via regular
mail through the USPS are irradiated, which can damage the contents and delay
delivery to the office. RUS encourages applicants to consider the impact of this
procedure when selecting their application delivery method.



 b. Electronic grant applications submitted through Grants.gov must be received
no later than March 13, 2017 to be eligible for FY 2017 funding. Late or
incomplete applications will not be eligible for FY 2017 grant funding.



 i. Applications will not be accepted via fax or electronic mail.



 ii. Electronic applications for grants must be submitted through the federal
government's Grants.gov initiative at http://www.grants.gov/. Grants.gov
contains full instructions on all required passwords, credentialing, and
software.



 iii. Grants.gov requires some credentialing and online authentication
procedures. These procedures may take several business days to complete.
Therefore, the applicant should complete the registration, credentialing, and
authorization procedures at Grants.gov before submitting an application.



 iv. Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal Numbering System (DUNS). The grant
applicant must supply a DUNS number as part of the application. See Section D(3)
of this NOSA for more information.



 v. System for Award Management (SAM). Grants.gov requires that the applicant's
organization is registered in SAM. Be sure to obtain the organization's SAM
listing well in advance of the application deadline. See Section D(4) of this
NOSA for more information.



 vi. RUS encourages applicants who wish to apply through Grants.gov to submit
their applications in advance of the deadline.



 vii. If system errors or technical difficulties occur, use the customer support
resources available at the Grants.gov Web site.

 E. Application Review Information

 1. Criteria



 Grant applications are scored competitively and are subject to the criteria
listed below. The maximum number of points possible is 115. See 7 CFR 1739.17
and the FY 2017 Application Guide for more information on the scoring criteria.



 a. Needs Category. The Agency analyzes the challenges related to the following
criteria and the ways in which the project proposes to address these issues (up
to 50 points):



 i. Economic characteristics.



 ii. Educational challenges.



 iii. Health care needs.



 iv. Public safety issues.



 b. Stakeholder Involvement Category. The Agency analyzes the extent of the
project planning, development, and support from local residents, institutions,
and Critical Community Facilities (up to 40 points).



 c. Experience Category. The Agency analyzes the management team's level of
experience and past success of broadband systems operation (up to 10 points).



 d. Special Consideration Areas Category. In accordance with 7 CFR 1739.1(a),
applicants may receive special consideration if they submit documentation
demonstrating that they will provide service at the Broadband Grant Speed within
the following areas (15 points):



 i. Tribal jurisdiction or trust areas.



 ii. Promise Zone (for further information, see the Promise Zone Web site at
http://www.hud.gov/promisezones/).



 iii. Strike Force area (for further information, see the Strikeforce Web site
at http://www.usda.gov/wps/portal/usda/usda?navid=STRIKE_FORCE).



 e. In making a final selection among and between applications with comparable
rankings and geographic distribution, the Administrator may take into
consideration the characteristics of the Proposed Funded Service Area (PFSA), as
identified in 7 CFR 1739.17(d).

 2. Review and Selection Process



 Grant applications are ranked according to their final scores. RUS selects
applications based on those rankings, subject to the availability of funds and
consistent with 7 CFR 1739.17. In addition, it should be noted that an
application receiving fewer points can be selected over an application receiving
more points in the event that there are insufficient funds available to cover
the costs of the higher scoring application, as stated in 7 CFR 1739.16(f).



 a. In addition to the scoring criteria that rank applications against each
other, the Agency evaluates grant applications on the following items, in
accordance with 7 CFR 1739.16:



 i. Financial feasibility. A proposal that does not indicate financial
feasibility or that is not sustainable will not be approved for an award.



 ii. Technical considerations. An application that contains flaws that would
prevent the successful implementation, operation, or sustainability of the
project will not be approved for an award.



 b. Applications conforming with this part will then be evaluated competitively
and ranked by a panel of RUS employees that the Administrator of RUS selects,
and will be awarded points as described in the scoring criteria in 7 CFR
1739.17. Applications will be ranked and grants awarded in order until all grant
funds are expended.



 c. The Agency reserves the right to offer the applicant a lower amount than the
amount proposed in the application, as stated in 7 CFR 1739.16(g).

 F. Federal Award Administration Information

 1. Federal Award Notices



 a. Successful applications. RUS notifies applicants whose projects are selected
for awards by mailing or emailing a copy of the award letter. The receipt of an
award letter does not authorize the applicant to commence performance under the
award.



 b. After sending the award letter, the Agency will send an agreement that
contains all the terms and conditions, as referenced in 7 CFR 1739.18 and
Section B of this NOSA. A copy of the standard agreement is posted on the RUS
Web site at http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/community-connect-grants.
RUS recognizes that each funded project is unique, and therefore may attach
additional conditions to individual award documents. An applicant must execute
and return the grant agreement with any additional items required by the
agreement within the number of days specified in the selection notice letter.

 2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements



 The items listed in this NOSA, the Community Connect Grant Program regulation,
the FY 2017 Application Guide, and accompanying materials implement the
appropriate administrative and national policy requirements, which include, but
are not limited to:



 a. Executing a Community Connect Grant Agreement.



 b. Using Form SF 270, "Request for Advance or Reimbursement," to request
reimbursements (along with the submission of receipts for expenditures,
timesheets, and any other documentation to support the request for
reimbursement).



 c. Providing annual project performance activity reports until the expiration
of the award.



 d. Ensuring that records are maintained to document all activities and
expenditures utilizing Community Connect grant funds and matching funds
(receipts for expenditures are to be included in this documentation).



 e. Providing a final project performance report.



 f. Complying with policies, guidance, and requirements as described in the
following applicable Code of Federal Regulations, and any successor regulations:




 i. 2 CFR parts 200 and 400 (Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost
Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards).



 ii. 2 CFR part 417 (Nonprocurement Debarment and Suspension).



 iii. 2 CFR part 180 (Government-wide Debarment and Suspension).



 g. Signing Form AD-3031 ("Assurance Regarding Felony Conviction or Tax
Delinquent Status for Corporate Applicants") (for corporate applicants only).



 h. Complying with Executive Order 13166, "Improving Access to Services for
Persons with Limited English Proficiency." For information on limited English
proficiency and agency-specific guidance, go to http://www.LEP.gov.

 3. Reporting



 a. Performance reporting. All recipients of Community Connect Grant Program
financial assistance must provide annual performance activity reports to RUS
until the project is complete and the funds are expended. A final performance
report is also required. This report may serve as the last annual report. The
final report must include an evaluation of the success of the project in meeting
the Community Connect Grant Program objectives. See 7 CFR 1739.19 and 2 CFR
200.328 for additional information on these reporting requirements.



 b. Financial reporting. All recipients of Community Connect Grant Program
financial assistance must provide an annual audit, beginning with the first year
in which a portion of the financial assistance is expended. Audits are governed
by USDA audit regulations. See 7 CFR 1739.20 and 2 CFR part 200 (Subpart F) for
a description of the financial reporting requirements.



 c. Recipient and Sub-recipient Reporting. The applicant must have the necessary
processes and systems in place to comply with the reporting requirements for
first-tier sub-awards and executive compensation under the Federal Funding
Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 in the event the applicant receives
funding unless such applicant is exempt from such reporting requirements
pursuant to 2 CFR 170.110(b). The reporting requirements under the Transparency
Act pursuant to 2 CFR 170 are as follows:



 i. First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more (unless they are exempt under 2 CFR
part 170) must be reported by the Recipient to https://www.fsrs.gov no later
than the end of the month following the month the obligation was made. Please
note that currently underway is a consolidation of eight federal procurement
systems, including the Federal Sub-award Reporting System (FSRS), into one
system, the System for Award Management (SAM). As a result, the FSRS will soon
be consolidated into and accessed through
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/.



 ii. The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (the five most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient (if the Recipient
meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to
https://www.sam.gov/portal/public/SAM/ by the end of the month following the
month in which the award was made.



 iii. The Total Compensation of the Sub-recipient's Executives (the five most
highly compensated executives) must be reported by the Sub-recipient (if the
Sub-recipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR part 170) to the Recipient by the
end of the month following the month in which the sub-award was made.



 d. Record Keeping and Accounting. The contract will contain provisions related
to record keeping and accounting requirements.

 G. Federal Awarding Agency Contacts



 1. Web site: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/community-connect-grants.
This site maintains up-to-date resources and contact information for the
Community Connect Grant Program;



 2. Telephone: 202-720-0800;



 3. Email: community.connect@wdc.usda.gov; and



 4. Main Point of Contact: Shawn Arner, Deputy Assistant Administrator, Office
of Loan Origination and Approval, Rural Utilities Service, U.S. Department of
Agriculture.

 H. Other Information

 1. USDA Non-Discrimination Statement



 USDA prohibits discrimination against its customers, employees, and applicants
for employment on the bases of race, color, national origin, age, disability,
sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal, and where applicable, political
beliefs, marital status, familial or parental status, sexual orientation, or all
or part of an individual's income is derived from any public assistance program,
or protected genetic information in employment or in any program or activity
conducted or funded by USDA. (Not all prohibited bases will apply to all
programs and/or employment activities.)

 2. How To File a Complaint



 a. Equal Employment Opportunity Complaint. Individuals who wish to file an
employment complaint must contact their Agency's EEO Counselor within 45 days of
the date of the alleged discriminatory act, event, or in the case of a personnel
action. Additional information can be found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_file.html.



 b. Program Discrimination Complaint. Individuals who wish to file a Program
Discrimination Complaint must complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint
Form (PDF), found online at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html
or at any USDA office, or call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. A letter may
also be written containing all of the information requested in the form. Send
the completed complaint form or letter by mail to the U.S. Department of
Agriculture, Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-9410, or email at program.intake@usda.gov

 3. Persons With Disabilities



 Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing, or have speech disabilities and wish
to file either an EEO or program complaint may contact USDA through the Federal
Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 (English) or (800) 845-6136 (Spanish).



 Persons with disabilities who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact USDA by mail or email. Individuals who
require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) may contact USDA's TARGET Center at
202-720-2600 (voice and TDD).

 Dated: December 6, 2016.

 Brandon McBride,

 Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.

 [FR Doc. 2017-00194 Filed 1-9-17; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE P





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 22, 2014 Thursday

Announcement of Grant Application Deadlines

LENGTH: 4752  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


Action

Notice Of Funds Availability (Nofa).
Summary

The United States Department of Agriculture's (USDA) Rural Utilities Service
(RUS) announces its Fiscal Year (FY) 2014 Community Connect Grant Program
application window and notice of funds availability. The NOFA announces $13
million for grants from FY 2014 and prior year appropriations. In addition, RUS
announces the minimum and maximum amounts for Community Connect grants
applicable for the fiscal year. The Community Connect Grant Program regulations
can be found at 7 CFR part 1739, subpart A.

Table of Contents Back to Top

DATES:
    ADDRESSES:
    FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    Overview
    Items in Supplementary Information
    I. Funding Opportunity
    II. Award Information
    A. Available Funds
    III. Eligibility Information
    A. Who is eligible for grants? (See 7 CFR 1739.10.)
    B. What are the basic eligibility requirements for a project?
    C. Discussion of Completed Application Items
    IV. Application and Submission Information
    A. Where To Get Application Information
    B. What constitutes a completed application?
    C. How many copies of an application are required?
    D. How and where to submit an application
    E. Deadlines
    F. Funding Purposes
    V. Application Review Information
    A. Criteria
    B. Special Consideration Areas
    C. Review Standards
    D. Selection Process
    VI. Award Administration Information
    A. Award Notices
    B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements
    C. Reporting
    VII. Agency Contacts

DATES: Back to Top

You may submit completed applications for grants on paper or electronically
according to the following deadlines:

Paper copies must carry proof of shipping no later than July 7, 2014 to be
eligible for FY 2014 grant funding. Late applications are not eligible for FY
2014 grant funding.
    Electronic copies must be received by July 7, 2014 to be eligible for FY
2014 grant funding. Late applications are not eligible for FY 2014 grant
funding.

ADDRESSES: Back to Top

You may obtain application guides and materials for the Community Connect Grant
Program via the Internet at the following Web site:
http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/utp_commconnect.html. You may also request
application guides and materials from RUS by contacting the appropriate
individual listed in section VII of the SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION section of
this notice.

Submit completed paper applications for grants to the Rural Utilities Service,

U.S. Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Room 2868, STOP
1599, Washington, DC 20250-1599. Applications should be marked "Attention:
Director, Broadband Division, Rural Utilities Service."

Submit electronic grant applications at http://www.grants.gov (Grants.gov),
following the instructions you find on that Web site.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Kenneth Kuchno, Director, Broadband Division, Rural Utilities Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, telephone: (202) 690-4673, fax: (202) 690-4389.
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top
Overview Back to Top

Federal Agency: Rural Utilities Service (RUS).

Funding Opportunity Title: Community Connect Grant Program.

Announcement Type: Initial announcement.

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance (CFDA) Number: 10.863.

Dates: You may submit completed applications for grants on paper or
electronically according to the following deadlines:

Paper copies must carry proof of shipping no later than July 7, 2014, to be
eligible for FY 2014 grant funding. Late applications are not eligible for FY
2014 grant funding.
    Electronic copies must be received by July 7, 2014, to be eligible for FY
2014 grant funding. Late applications are not eligible for FY 2014 grant
funding.

Items in Supplementary Information Back to Top

I. Funding Opportunity: Brief introduction to the Community Connect Grant
Program.

II. Award Information: Available funds and minimum and maximum amounts.

III. Eligibility Information: Who is eligible, what kinds of projects are
eligible, what criteria determine basic eligibility.

IV. Application and Submission Information: Where to get application materials,
what constitutes a completed application, how and where to submit applications,
deadlines, items that are eligible.

V. Application Review Information: Considerations and preferences, scoring
criteria, review standards, selection information.

VI. Award Administration Information: Award notice information, award recipient
reporting requirements.

VII. Agency Contacts: Web, phone, fax, email, contact name.
I. Funding Opportunity Back to Top

The provision of broadband service is vital to the economic development,
education, health, and safety of rural Americans. The purpose of the Community
Connect Grant Program is to provide financial assistance in the form of grants
to eligible applicants that will provide currently unserved areas, on a "
community-oriented connectivity" basis, with broadband service that fosters
economic growth and delivers enhanced educational, health care, and public
safety services. Rural Utilities Service will give priority to rural areas that
have the greatest need for broadband services, based on the criteria contained
herein.

Grant authority will be used for the deployment of broadband service to
extremely rural, lower-income communities on a "community-oriented connectivity"
basis. The "community-oriented connectivity" concept will stimulate practical,
everyday uses and applications of broadband facilities by cultivating the
deployment of new broadband services that improve economic development and
provide enhanced educational and health care opportunities in rural areas. Such
an approach will also give rural communities the opportunity to benefit from the
advanced technologies that are necessary to achieve these goals. Please see 7
CFR part 1739, subpart A for specifics.

This notice has been formatted to conform to a policy directive issued by the
Office of Federal Financial Management (OFFM) of the Office of Management and
Budget (OMB), published in the Federal Register on June 23, 2003. This Notice
does not change the Community Connect Grant Program regulation (7 CFR part 1739,
subpart A).

The definitions applicable to this Notice are published at 7 CFR 1739.3.

The Agency will review, evaluate, and score applications received in response to
this Notice based on the provisions found in 7 CFR part 1739, subpart A, and as
indicated in this notice.
II. Award Information Back to Top
A. Available Funds

1. General. The Administrator has determined that the following amounts are
available for grants in FY 2014 under 7 CFR 1739.2(a)

2. Grants

a. $13 million is available for grants from FY 2014 and prior year
appropriations. Under 7 CFR 1739.2, the Administrator has established a minimum
grant amount of $100,000 and a maximum grant amount of $3,000,000 for FY 2014.

b. Assistance instrument: RUS will execute grant documents appropriate to the
project prior to any advance of funds with successful applicants.

B. Community Connect grants cannot be renewed. Award documents specify the term
of each award.
III. Eligibility Information Back to Top
A. Who is eligible for grants? (See 7 CFR 1739.10.)

1. Only entities legally organized as one of the following are eligible for
Community Connect Grant Program financial assistance:

a. An incorporated organization,

b. An Indian tribe or tribal organization, as defined in 25 U.S.C. 450b(e),

c. A state or local unit of government,

d. A cooperative, private corporation or limited liability company organized on
a for-profit or not-for-profit basis.

2. Individuals are not eligible for Community Connect Grant Program financial
assistance directly.

3. Applicants must have the legal capacity and authority to own and operate the
broadband facilities as proposed in its application, to enter into contracts and
to otherwise comply with applicable federal statutes and regulations.

4. Applicants must have an active registration with current information in the
System for Award Management (SAM) (previously the Central Contractor Registry
(CCR)) at https://www.sam.gov and have a Dun and Bradstreet (D&B) Data Universal
Numbering System (DUNS) number.
B. What are the basic eligibility requirements for a project?

1. General. The regulation for the Community Connect Grant Program requires that
certain definitions affecting eligibility be revised and published from
time-to-time by the Agency in the Federal Register. For the purpose of this
regulation, the agency shall use the following definitions: "Broadband service"
and "Broadband Grant Speed." Until otherwise revised in the Federal Register,
for applications in FY 2014, to qualify as Broadband Service, the minimum rate
of data transmission shall be three megabits per second (download plus upload
speeds) for both fixed and mobile service and the Broadband Grant Speed will be
a minimum bandwidth of five megabits per second (download plus upload speeds)
for both fixed and mobile service to the customer.

2. Required matching contributions. Please see 7 CFR 1739.14 for the
requirement. Grant applicants must demonstrate a matching contribution, in cash,
of at least fifteen (15) percent of the total amount of financial assistance
requested. Matching contributions must be used to support the broadband
operations funded under the Community Connect Grant Program.

3. To be eligible for a grant, the Project must (see 7 CFR 1739.11):

a. Serve a Proposed Funded Service Area where Broadband Service does not
currently exist, to be verified by RUS prior to the award of the grant;

b. Offer service at the Broadband Grant Speed, free of all charges for at least
2 years, to all Critical Community Facilities located within the proposed
Service Area;

c. Offer service at the Broadband Grant Speed to all residential and business
customers within the Proposed Funded Service Area; and

d. Provide a Community Center with at least two (2) Computer Access Points and
wireless access at the Broadband Grant Speed available, free of charge, to all
users for at least 2 years.

e. Not overlap with the Service area of current RUS borrowers and grantees.

4. Other requirements:

a. DUNS numbers and SAM registration: Applicants must have a Dun and Bradstreet
DUNS number and be registered in System Awards Management (SAM) at
https://www.sam.gov prior to submitting an electronic or paper application. The
DUNS number and SAM requirements are contained in 2 CFR part 25. SAM is the
repository for standard information about applicants and recipients.

b. DUNS Number: As required by the OMB, all applicants for grants must supply a
Dun and Bradstreet DUNS number when applying. The Standard Form 424 (SF-424)
contains a field for you to use when supplying your DUNS number. Obtaining a
DUNS number costs nothing and requires a short telephone call to Dun and
Bradstreet. Please see http://www.grants.gov/applicants/org_step1.jsp for more
information on how to obtain a DUNS number or how to verify your organization's
number.

c. System for Award Management (SAM): In accordance with 2 CFR part 25,
applicants, whether applying electronically or by paper must be registered in
SAM prior to submitting an application. Applicants may register for the SAM at
https://www.sam.gov. The SAM registration must remain active, with current
information, at all times during which an entity has an application under
consideration by an agency or has an active Federal Award. To remain registered
in the SAM database after the initial registration, the applicant is required to
review and update on an annual basis from the date of initial registration or
subsequent updates of its information in the SAM database to ensure it is
current, accurate and complete.
C. Discussion of Completed Application Items

See paragraph IV. B of this notice for a discussion of the items that make up a
completed application. You may also refer to 7 CFR 1739.15 for completed grant
application items.
IV. Application and Submission Information Back to Top
A. Where To Get Application Information

The application guide, copies of necessary forms and samples, and the Community
Connect Grant Program regulation are available from these sources:

1. The Internet: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/utp_commconnect.html.

2. The Rural Utilities Service Broadband Division, for paper copies of these
materials: (202) 690-4673.
B. What constitutes a completed application?

1. Detailed information on each item required can be found in the Community
Connect Grant Program regulation and the Community Connect Grant Program
application guide. Applicants are strongly encouraged to read and apply both the
regulation and the application guide. This Notice does not change the
requirements for a completed application for any form of Community Connect Grant
Program financial assistance specified in the Community Connect Grant Program
regulation. The Community Connect Grant Program regulation and the application
guide provide specific guidance on each of the items listed and the Community
Connect Grant Program application guide provides all necessary forms and sample
worksheets.

2. Applications should be prepared in conformance with the provisions in 7 CFR
1739, subpart A, and applicable USDA regulations including 7 CFR parts 3015,
3016, and 3019. Applicants must use the RUS Application Guide for this program
containing instructions and all necessary forms, as well as other important
information, in preparing their application. Completed applications must include
the following:

a. An Application for Federal Assistance. A completed Standard Form (SF) 424.

b. An executive summary of the Project. The applicant must provide RUS with a
general project overview.

c. Scoring criteria documentation. Each grant applicant must address and provide
documentation on how it meets each of the scoring criteria detailed in 7 CFR
1739.17.

d. System design. The applicant must submit a system design, including,
narrative specifics of the proposal, associated costs, maps, engineering design
studies, technical specifications and system capabilities, etc.

e. Service area demographics. The applicant must provide a map of the Proposed
Funded Service Area using the RUS Mapping Tool.

f. Scope of work. The scope of work must include specific activities and
services to be performed under the proposal, who will carry out the activities
and services, specific time-frames for completion, and a budget for all capital
and administrative expenditures reflecting the line item costs for all grant
purposes, the matching contribution, and other sources of funds necessary to
complete the project.

g. Community-Oriented Connectivity Plan. The applicant must provide a detailed
Community-Oriented Connectivity Plan.

h. Financial information and sustainability. The applicant must provide
financial statements and information and a narrative description demonstrating
the sustainability of the Project.

i. A statement of experience. The applicant must provide a written narrative
describing its demonstrated capability and experience, if any, in operating a
broadband telecommunications system.

j. Evidence of legal authority and existence. The applicant must provide
evidence of its legal existence and authority to enter into a grant agreement
with RUS and to perform the activities proposed under the grant application.

k. Additional Funding. If the Project requires additional funding from other
sources in addition to the RUS grant, the applicant must provide evidence that
funding agreements have been obtained to ensure completion of the Project.

l. Federal Compliance. The applicant must provide evidence of compliance with
other federal statutes and regulations, including, but not limited to the
following:

(i) 7 CFR part 15, subpart A--Nondiscrimination in Federally Assisted Programs
of the Department of Agriculture--Effectuation of Title VI of the Civil Rights
Act of 1964.

(ii) 7 CFR part 3015--Uniform Federal Assistance Regulations.

(iii) 2 CFR part 417--Government-wide Debarment and Suspension
(Non-procurement).

(iv) 7 CFR part 3018--New Restrictions on Lobbying.

(v) 2 CFR part 421--Government-wide Requirements for Drug-Free Workplace
(Financial Assistance).

(vi) Certification regarding Architectural Barriers.

(vii) Certification regarding Flood Hazard Precautions.

(viii) An environmental report/questionnaire, in accordance with 7 CFR 1794.

(ix) A certification that grant funds will not be used to duplicate lines,
facilities, or systems providing Broadband Service.

(x) Federal Obligation Certification on Delinquent Debt.

(xi) Assurance Regarding Felony Conviction or Tax Delinquent Status for
Corporate Applicants.
C. How many copies of an application are required?

1. Applications submitted on paper: Submit the original paper application and a
copy in electronic format to RUS.

2. Applications submitted through Grants.gov: The additional paper copies are
not necessary if you submit the application electronically through Grants.gov.
D. How and where to submit an application

Grant applications may be submitted on paper or through Grants.gov.

1. Submitting applications on paper.

a. Address paper applications for grants to the Rural Utilities Service, U.S.
Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Ave. SW., Room 2868, STOP 1599,
Washington, DC 20250-1599. Applications should be marked "Attention: Director,
Broadband Division, Rural Utilities Service."

b. Paper applications must show proof of mailing or shipping consisting of one
of the following:

(i) A legibly dated U.S. Postal Service (USPS) postmark;

(ii) A legible mail receipt with the date of mailing stamped by the USPS; or

(iii) A dated shipping label, invoice, or receipt from a commercial carrier.

c. Due to screening procedures at the Department of Agriculture, packages
arriving via the USPS are irradiated, which can damage the contents. RUS
encourages applicants to consider the impact of this procedure in selecting
their application delivery method.

2. Applications submitted through Grants.gov.

(a) Applicant may file an electronic application at http://www.grants.gov.
Applications will not be accepted via facsimile machine transmission or
electronic mail. Grants.gov contains full instructions on all required
passwords, credentialing, and software. Follow the instructions at Grants.gov
for registering and submitting an electronic application. If a system problem or
technical difficulty occurs with an electronic application, please use the
customer support resources available at the Grants.gov Web site.

(b) First time Grants.gov users should go to the "Get Started" tab on the
Grants.gov site and carefully read and follow the steps listed. These steps need
to be initiated early in the application process to avoid delays in submitting
your application online.
E. Deadlines

1. Paper applications must be postmarked and mailed, shipped, or sent overnight
no later than July 7, 2014 to be eligible for FY 2014 grant funding. Late
applications are not eligible for FY 2014 grant funding.

2. Grant applications submitted through Grants.gov must be received by July 7,
2014 to be eligible for FY 2014 funding. Late applications are not eligible for
FY 2014 grant funding.
F. Funding Purposes

1. Eligible grant purposes. Grant funds may be used to finance:

a. The construction, acquisition, or leasing of facilities, including spectrum,
land or buildings to deploy service at the Broadband Grant Speed to all
participating Critical Community Facilities and all required facilities needed
to offer such service to all residential and business customers located within
the Proposed Funded Service Area;

b. The improvement, expansion, construction, or acquisition of a Community
Center that furnishes free internet access at the Broadband Grant Speed and
provision of Computer Access Points. Grant funds provided for such costs shall
not exceed the lesser of ten percent (10%) of the grant amount requested or
$150,000; and

c. The cost of bandwidth to provide service free of charge at the Broadband
Grant Speed to Critical Community Facilities for the first 2 years of operation.

2. Ineligible grant purposes.

a. Grant funds may not be used to finance the duplication of any existing
Broadband Service provided by another entity.

b. Operating expenses other than the cost of bandwidth for 2 years to provide
service at the Broadband Grant Speed to Critical Community Facilities.

3. Please see 7 CFR 1739.3 for definitions, 7 CFR 1739.12 for eligible grant
purposes, and 7 CFR 1739.13 for ineligible grant purposes.
V. Application Review Information Back to Top
A. Criteria

1. Grant applications are scored competitively and subject to the criteria
listed below.

2. Grant application scoring criteria (total possible points: 100). See 7 CFR
1739.17 for the items that will be reviewed during scoring and for scoring
criteria.

a. An analysis of the challenges of the following criteria, laid out on a
community-wide basis, and how the project proposes to address these issues (up
to 50 points): 1. The economic characteristics; 2. Educational Challenges; 3.
Health care needs; 4. Public safety issues; and 5. Small Area Income and Poverty
Estimates (applications that according to the 2010 census show that at least 20
percent of the population of the counties included in core coverage areas is
living in poverty) will receive the maximum score in this category. This
emphasis will support Rural Development's goal of providing 20 percent of its
funding by 2016 to these areas of need.

b. The extent of the Project's planning, development, and support by local
residents, institutions, and Critical Community Facilities (up to 40 points);

c. The level of experience and past success of operating broadband systems for
the management team (up to 10 points); and

d. In making a final selection among and between applications with comparable
rankings and geographic distribution, the Administrator may take into
consideration the characteristics of the Proposed Funded Service Area (PFSA)
B. Special Consideration Areas

RUS will offer special consideration to applications that propose to provide
broadband service within a trust area or a tribal jurisdictional area. Such
applications will be awarded 15 points. The applicant will need to submit
evidence indicating that the proposed service area is located in a trust area or
a tribal jurisdictional area.

RUS will use one or more of the following resources in determining whether a
proposed service area is located in a trust area or tribal jurisdictional area:

(a) Official maps of Federal Indian Reservations based on information compiled
by the U.S. Department of the Interior, Bureau of Indian Affairs and made
available to the public;

(b) Title Status Reports issued by the U.S. Department of the Interior, Bureau
of Indian Affairs showing that title to such land is held in trust or is subject
to restrictions imposed by the United States;

(c) Trust Asset and Accounting Management System data, maintained by the
Department of the Interior, Bureau of Indian Affairs;

(d) Official maps of the Department of Hawaiian Homelands of the State of Hawaii
identifying land that has been given the status of Hawaiian home lands under the
provisions of section 204 of the Hawaiian Homes Commission Act, 1920;

(e) Official records of the U.S. Department of the Interior, the State of
Alaska, or such other documentation of ownership as the RUS may determine to be
satisfactory, showing that title is owned by a Regional Corporation or a Village
Corporation as such terms are defined in the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act
(43 U.S.C. 1451 et seq.); and

(f) Any other evidence submitted by the applicant that is satisfactory to RUS to
establish that area where the end-user site is located is a trust area or a
tribal jurisdictional area within the meaning of 38 U.S.C. 3765(1).
C. Review Standards

1. All applications for grants must be delivered to Rural Utilities Service at
the address and by the date specified in this notice or electronically submitted
by the deadline (see also 7 CFR 1739.2) to be eligible for funding. Rural
Utilities Service will review each application for conformance with the
provisions of this part. Rural Utilities Service may contact the applicant for
additional information or clarification.

2. Incomplete applications as of the deadline for submission will not be
considered. If an application is determined to be incomplete, the applicant will
be notified in writing and the application will be returned with no further
action.

3. Applications conforming with this part will then be evaluated competitively
by a panel of Rural Utilities Service employees selected by the Administrator of
Rural Utilities Service, and will be awarded points as described in the scoring
criteria in 7 CFR 1739.17. Applications will be ranked and grants awarded in
rank order until all grant funds are expended.
D. Selection Process

Grant applications are ranked by final score. Rural Utilities Service selects
applications based on those rankings, subject to the availability of funds and
consistent with 7 CFR 1739.17.
VI. Award Administration Information Back to Top
A. Award Notices

Rural Utilities Service recognizes that each funded project is unique, and
therefore may attach conditions to different projects' award documents. Rural
Utilities Service generally notifies applicants whose projects are selected for
awards by emailing a scanned copy of an award letter. Rural Utilities Service
follows the award letter with a grant agreement that contains all the terms and
conditions for the grant. An applicant must execute and return the grant
agreement, accompanied by any additional items required by the grant agreement.
B. Administrative and National Policy Requirements

The items listed in paragraph IV.B.2.l. of this notice, and the Community
Connect Grant Program regulation, application guide and accompanying materials
implement the appropriate administrative and national policy requirements.
C. Reporting

1. Performance reporting. All recipients of Community Connect Grant Program
financial assistance must provide annual performance activity reports to RUS
until the project is complete and the funds are expended. A final performance
report is also required; the final report may serve as the last annual report.
The final report must include an evaluation of the success of the project. See 7
CFR 1739.19.

2. Financial reporting. All recipients of Community Connect Grant Program
financial assistance must provide an annual audit, beginning with the first year
a portion of the financial assistance is expended. Audits are governed by United
States Department of Agriculture audit regulations. See 7 CFR 1739.20.

3. Recipient and Subrecipient Reporting. The applicant must have the necessary
processes and systems in place to comply with the reporting requirements for
first-tier sub-awards and executive compensation under the Federal Funding
Accountability and Transparency Act of 2006 in the event the applicant receives
funding unless such applicant is exempt from such reporting requirements
pursuant to 2 CFR part 170, § 170.110(b). The reporting requirements under the
Transparency Act pursuant to 2 CFR part 170 are as follows:

a. First Tier Sub-Awards of $25,000 or more (unless they are exempt under 2 CFR
Part 170) must be reported by the Recipient to http://www.fsrs.gov no later than
the end of the month following the month the obligation was made.

b. The Total Compensation of the Recipient's Executives (5 most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Recipient (if the Recipient
meets the criteria under 2 CFR Part 170) to http://www.sam.gov by the end of the
month following the month in which the award was made.

c. The Total Compensation of the Subrecipient's Executives (5 most highly
compensated executives) must be reported by the Subrecipient (if the
Subrecipient meets the criteria under 2 CFR Part 170) to the Recipient by the
end of the month following the month in which the subaward was made.
VII. Agency Contacts Back to Top

A. Web site: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/utp_commconnect.html. This Web site
maintains up-to-date resources and contact information for the Community Connect
Grant Program.

B. Phone: (202) 690-4673.

C. Fax: (202) 690-4389.

D. Main point of contact: Kenneth Kuchno, Director, Broadband Division, Rural
Utilities Service, U.S. Department of Agriculture.

Dated: May 5, 2014.

John Charles Padalino,

Administrator, Rural Utilities Service.


For more information please visit: https://www.federalregister.gov/

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                            January 22, 2013 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Abuse centre losing lifeline; Anti-crime funding winds down

BYLINE: Jason Van Rassel, Calgary Herald

SECTION: CITY & REGION; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 698 words


An agency that provides help for victims of sexual and domestic violence in
Calgary may have to close its doors in two months if it can't find new sources
of revenue.

The crisis facing the Connect Family and Sexual Abuse Network is particularly
acute, but the project is one of several facing an uncertain future as a
provincial program that provided seed money to crime prevention initiatives
begins to wind down.

Connect was created to give victims of sexual and domestic abuse a central place
to call for support and services.

Project manager Debra Tomlinson estimated Connect handled 3,000 calls last year
- calls that would have to go elsewhere if the agency closes its doors.

"We will have to create a contingency plan where our partners will absorb the
calls we've been receiving," Tomlinson said.

The agency has three fulltime positions that would also be lost if it shuts
down, but Tomlinson said her main worry is what will happen to its clients.

"What concerns me more is the loss of service," she said.

Connect is one of 88 projects that has shared $60 million in grants from the
Safe Communities Innovation Fund since its creation in 2008.

Connect launched with the help of a three-year, $1.4-million grant from the
province's Safe Communities Innovation Fund.

When that grant ran its course last year, Connect received $90,000 in bridge
financing from the province to help make it to March 31.

Tomlinson said Connect has managed to cut its annual operating costs and gets
support from partner agencies like the Calgary Police Service, the RCMP and YWCA
Calgary.

The United Way of Calgary recently approved Connect for a $160,000 grant, but
Tomlinson said it's still not enough without continued support from the
province.

Connect has applied for an additional $250,000 over three years from the
province - though Tomlinson acknowledged the amount goes beyond what the Safe
Communities Innovation Fund was set up to do.

"There were no promises with regard to sustainable funding," she said.

"But we have created what we think is a very viable and valuable model."

However, with energy revenue shortfalls threatening to push the provincial
deficit past $3 billion, it's an open question whether the government will fund
any Safe Communities projects beyond their original commitment.

Although three-year projects past their mandate have received bridge funding for
a fourth year, the province hasn't announced any plans to go beyond that or
create a successor to the Safe Communities Innovation Fund.

"I greatly appreciate the work that has been done through the Safe Communities
initiative and (by) all our partners," Justice Minister and Solicitor General
Jonathan Denis said.

"Right now we are doing our annual review and evaluation of the programs."

One program widely considered a success is the domestic conflict response team
in Calgary.

The unit, which was created with a $1.5-million grant in 2009, pairs police
officers and social workers who work to find help for families before problems
escalate into violence.

Since the team's establishment, police officials estimate it has dramatically
cut the number of high-risk calls and cases requiring ongoing police
involvement.

"We're seeing up to a 75 per cent decrease in CPS resources having to go to
calls, or go back to homes where (the team) is involved," said Insp. Cliff
O'Brien.

With bridge funding set to run out at the end of March, the police service and
its partners are looking for ways to the keep the unit going - and one day
expand it.

"It's absolutely something we've been concerned about and working on for
awhile," O'Brien said.

Although police may no longer be able to rely on grants to sustain the team,
O'Brien said the Safe Communities fund afforded them the opportunity to get it
off the ground and see if it worked.

"We were able to test this first," he said.

If pilot projects that received Safe Communities grants have proven successful
and are cost-effective, the government should continue to support them, said the
Wildrose party's justice and solicitor general critic.

"A dollar spent on prevention can prevent a substantial expense down the line,"
Shane Saskiw said.

jvanrassel@calgaryherald.com Twitter: JasonvanRassel

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / Cliff O'Brien;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2013 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 24, 2013 Wednesday

Florida: OCR Awarded Community Foundation Grant to Expand Community Connect
Initiative

LENGTH: 393  words

DATELINE: Tallahassee


Palm Beach County, The State of Florida has issued the following news release:

On June 28, the Palm Beach County Office of Community Revitalization (OCR) was
awarded a $25,460 grant from the John S. and James L. Knight Foundation Fund, a
fund of the Community Foundation for Palm Beach and Martin Counties. The grant
funding will be used to expand OCR's Community Connect Initiative.

Knight Foundation grants support innovative approaches that enhance the role of
citizens in local problem solving and foster informed and engaged communities.
The foundation supports initiatives that foster interaction to promote trust,
reciprocity and understanding among community members and collaborations between
government and residents.

The OCR Community Connect Initiative provides neighborhoods with a link to
county government, and assists neighborhood groups and residents in effectively
accessing and using county services and other community resources to enhance the
quality of life in their neighborhoods.

The initiative was developed to: 1) increase access to information on and
understanding of available programs, services, and community resources; 2)
provide community groups and people with the tools they need to empower
themselves and act together for the common good; and 3) achieve a higher level
of citizen engagement by strengthening connections with the community, in the
community, and across the various actions that local government can take to
involve citizens. Increasing access to information and training, and enabling
residents to come together to advocate for their needs and to take action
collectively to transform their neighborhoods are at the center of OCR's
Community Connect Initiative.

This grant will provide a unique opportunity to expand the existing initiative
to reach a broader cross section of residents, and especially isolated and
disadvantaged communities that have not been able to capitalize on existing
community resources and revitalization opportunities. It will also provide an
opportunity to enhance citizens' engagement and participation in local problem
solving and decision making while offering greater opportunities for all
citizens and government to interact with each other, contribute and listen, and
discuss issues that are important to them.

For further information please visit: http://www.co.palm-beach.fl.us/

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              July 13, 2009 Monday

Cox offers grants for Oklahoma nonprofit groups

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 306  words


The Cox Connects Foundation plans to award grants totaling $165,000 to Oklahoma
nonprofit organizations.

The foundation, part of Cox Communications, is accepting applications for the
grants until Aug. 14. Applications are available at www.coxconnectsok.com.

Cox employees will determine the allocation of grants.

"The Cox Connects Foundation is funded and guided by employees," said Tiffani
Bruton, director of public affairs. "Cox Oklahoma employees determine how every
dollar is invested back into the community. "

The foundation will issue grants of up to $5,000 in the Tulsa area and up to
$2,500 in the Oklahoma City area.

This is the first year the Cox Connects Community Investments Grants are
available in the Oklahoma City area. The Oklahoma City Community Foundation will
manage Cox Connects Foundation assets in Oklahoma City.

The Cox Connects Foundation also presents scholarships through an endowment fund
established at the Oklahoma City Community Foundation in 2008.

The $2,500 scholarship can be used for tuition, fees and books at any accredited
educational institution in the state of Oklahoma. For the 2009-10 academic year,
12 scholarships were presented to applicants from the Cox central Oklahoma
service area.

Recipients attending Oklahoma State University are Kenneth Scott, Jerrod King,
James Campbell and Aaron Klossner. Recipients attending the University of
Oklahoma are Austin T. Jones and Elizabeth Ho.   Awards were also given to Jacob
Gonzales, Oklahoma City University; Michael Anders, Oklahoma Christian
University; Rachael Sears, University of Science and Arts of Oklahoma; Carol
Hubbard, Southwestern Christian University; Karen Factor, Rose State College;
and Contessa Ola Olibamoyo, Oklahoma State University-Oklahoma City.

The Cox Connects Scholarship program is funded by contributions from Cox
employees.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                              April 2, 2006 Sunday

USDA unveils $8.9 million grant availability

BYLINE: The Times-Standard

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 268 words


The U.S. Agriculture Department's Rural Development has announced the
availability of $8.9 million in fiscal year 2006 in Community Connect Grant
Program funding.

The purpose of the Community Connect Grant Program is to provide financial
assistance in the form of grants to eligible applicants that will provide
currently underserved areas, on a "community-oriented connectivity" basis, with
broadband transmission service that fosters economic growth and delivers
enhanced educational, health care and public safety services. The minimum grant
amount is $50,000, with no maximum grant amount.

USDA Rural Development will give priority to rural areas that have the greatest
need for broadband transmission services.

Only entities legally organized as one of the following are eligible for
Community Connect Grant Program financial assistance: an incorporated
organization; an Indian tribe or tribal organization; a state or local unit of
government; a cooperative, private corporation or limited liability company
organized on a for-profit or not-for-profit basis. Individuals and partnerships
are not eligible for Community Connect Grant Program financial assistance
directly.

Applicants must have the legal capacity and authority to own and operate the
broadband facilities as proposed in its application, to enter into contracts,
and to otherwise comply with applicable federal statutes and regulations.

The notice of solicitation of applications was announced in the Federal Register
at http://www.gpoaccess.gov/fr/index.html, Vol. 71, No. 49 / Tuesday, March 14,
2006 / Notices.

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2006 Times - Standard


                              22 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                      The Stonewall County Courier (Texas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 10, 2012

USDA invites applications for grants to provide broadband service to remote
rural communities

BYLINE: Stonewall County Courier staff

LENGTH: 171  words


TEMPLE, TEXAS, May 4, 2012 - Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced today
that USDA is accepting applications through the Community Connect Broadband
program for grants to provide broadband service to residents of remote, rural
communities. "These grants not only are critical for businesses and residents,
they also help first re-sponders, educators and health care professionals by
providing them with access to broadband service," Vilsack said.

Community Connect grants are made available to the most rural, under served and
economically challenged areas. The funds are used to build broadband
infrastructure. Awardees are also required to establish community centers that
offer free public access to broadband.

Information on available funding and application requirements are published on
page 26241 of the May 3, 2012 Federal Register. More information on Community
Connect Grants, including the application guide, can be viewed from the USDA
Rural Development website http://www.rurd-e-vusda.gov/utp_commconnect.html.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Technology

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SCC

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                  Copyright 2012 The Stonewall County Courier


                              23 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Redland City Bulletin

                            March 25, 2015 Wednesday

Grant helps communities connect

SECTION: LIFESTYLE PAGE; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 189 words


SOCIAL network Nabo has launched its first grant program in Queensland and is
urging Redlands residents and community groups to join the network and apply for
$10,000 in funding.

Nabo is a free neighbourhood social network that enables residents and community
organisations to directly connect online with others in their communities.

The Nabo Community Grant Program will provide up to $10,000 in funding to a
local project or group which best demonstrates the way it connects to its local
community, works for the inclusion of marginalised Australians, or helps the
community prepare or respond to a disaster.

This could include anything from health education classes for locals, flood
response to projects or support programs for the elderly.

Nabo founder and CEO Adam Rigby said the social networks aim was to connect more
people and organisations in their local communities.

For more information and to apply for a grant visit www.nabo.com.au

Grant applications close on Sunday, April 5.

"The project or group that will receive the $10,000 will be unique, innovative
and have a forward-thinking approach to meeting a local need," he said.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Ayr Advocate (Australia)

                           September 27, 2013 Friday
                                  1 - Edition

Grant awarded to creek association

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 423 words


A SEASIDE community organisation in the Burdekin Shire has been successful in
being awarded $7500 as part of `Our Neighbourhood', a new community program that
was launched by Australia Post earlier this year.

The Jerona Citizens Association was one of the many outstanding submissions
chosen from the 4600 applications to receive financial support, to build a new
kitchen in the community hall, which is the central hub for all community
activities.

Managing director and chief executive officer of Australia Post, Ahmed Fahour
said the `Our Neighbourhood' program aspires to help build healthier, more
vibrant and more inclusive communities.

``These grants will provide the successful organisations with the financial
assistance to ensure their communities continue to thrive and connect,'' Mr
Fahour commented.

``We were delighted and overwhelmed by the positive response in applications to
the `Our Neighbourhood' local grants program,'' he added.

``The time and effort that went into the applications was extraordinary and we
are committed to acknowledging this effort with each applicant.''

Jerona Citizens Association President, Murray Verrall said the grant would
enable their organisation to significantly upgrade the kitchen area in their
community hall, which provides a venue for many community events, as well as
being a facility to service the Jerona Township in times of natural disaster.

The `Our Neighbourhood' grants are intended to drive positive change through
supporting local initiatives and programs that focus on

* Providing all Australians with access to essential products and services, as
well as the knowledge to use those services to connect in both the physical and
digital world;

* Maintaining a diverse, inclusive workplace that values the contribution made
by people from varying backgrounds and neighbourhoods across our nation;

* Investing in programs and activities that foster community spirit, connect
communities and contribute to building a more inclusive Australia; and

* Providing support to Australian communities in times of major crisis.

All unsuccessful grant applicants will receive a complimentary 12-month
subscription to the Our Community Funding Centre, an Australia-wide grants
database and fundraising hub.

The 2013 Our Neighbourhood grants program included both grants nominated by the
Australia Post workforce as well as Community Grant applicants.

For more information about `Our Neighbourhood' and to view a full list of the
2013 `Our Neighbourhood' grant winners, visit www.ourneighbourhood.com.au.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: TAA


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            October 1, 2015 Thursday

Brattleboro's Food Connects hopes to expand to 10 more schools

BYLINE: By Robert Audette Reformer Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 617 words


BRATTLEBORO &GT;&GT; Food Connects, a local non-profit food hub, which works to
connect food producers with both retail and institutional markets, will use a
$38,000 grant from the USDA to purchase a refrigerated delivery truck.

Richard Berkfield, the executive director of Food Connects, said the new truck
will allow delivery to expand from three days a week to five. This increase will
allow producers to connect more readily to new markets such as schools,
including the Bellows Falls Union High School, and will create or save an
estimated eight jobs in the area.

Berkfield told the Reformer the truck is a lightly used model, which Food
Connects hopes to receive in the next couple of weeks. In addition to the USDA
grant, he said, additional funding was received from the Fanny Holt Ames and
Edna Louise Holt Fund.

"We already do some deliveries to the Bellows Falls schools, but this truck will
allow us to do a better job," he said. Having the truck means Food Connects can
add another 10 schools to the 20 it now delivers to, said Berkfield.

Food Connects started in 2013, but its roots grew out of Post Oil Solution's
farm-to-school program and its growth was assisted by the UVM Extension in
Brattleboro. The nonprofit sells products from local farms to institutions such
as schools, said Berkfield.

"What's great about this area is some wholesalers such as Harlow Farm, Dream On
Orchards and Dutton Berry Farm grow a lot of food and keep it through the winter
months, when school is in session. That way we can sell some produce year round,
such as apples."

More than half the fresh produce made available at Brattleboro Union High School
is produced within 30 miles of the school, said Berkfield.

"Our local producers deserve a lot of credit for their efforts."

Food Connects is performing the market development work for the region's
farm-to-school efforts and works with teachers, administrators, parents and
volunteers to insure the food being offered meets the high standards for school
nutrition programs.

Teachers wrap up the farm-to-school program and nutrition into their teaching
curriculum, he said.

"All the food is purchased through the schools' meal programs, but a lot of the
work is being done by volunteers, teachers and parents putting in the extra
time."

Berkfield said the farm-to-school program has been very successful and is a
credit to the communities that have been supporting it.

The grant was one of $204,000 worth of grants announced through the USDA Rural
Development's Rural Business Development Grant Program to support the start-up
or expansion of rural Vermont businesses.

"Emerging and developing businesses are the backbone of Vermont's economy and
our rural communities," said USDA Rural Development Vermont State Director Ted
Brady, "These seven Rural Business Development Grants will invest in our state's
local food systems, our tourism economy and create new opportunities for rural
entrepreneurs."

Other recipients include Barre 2000 and Beyond Inc., $35,000; Central Vermont
Community Television, $33,000; Paramount Center, Inc., $12,500; Vermont Software
Developers' Alliance, $50,000; Vermont Trail and Greenways Council, $20,000; and
Vital Communities, $15,500.

The RBDG program is devoted to funding nonprofits or public entities that
provide technical assistance to area businesses, business training and bolster
rural job-creation. An estimated 36 Vermont jobs will be created or saved as a
result of these grants. Grant funding is available for both the planning and
implementation of business development projects. Nationally the USDA provided
$18.3 million in Rural Business Development Grants this year.

Bob Audette can be contacted at 802-254-2311, ext 160.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              26 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Hobart Mercury (Australia)

                           January 18, 2003, Saturday

Connect calls for grant applications

LENGTH: 105 words


THE Connect Community Foundation has called for applications for grants.

The foundation was established by Connect Credit Union in 2000 to help Tasmanian
groups and organisations educate and support the development of young people.

Connect chief executive John Hensby said $115,000 had been allocated this year,
and to be eligible organisations needed to demonstrate the grant would be used
to benefit a group or sector of the Tasmanian community.

Applications close on February 7 and guidelines and application forms are
available on Connect's website, www.connectcreditunion.com.au or by phoning 6233
0733.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: MER

                   Copyright 2003 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              27 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Victoria Advocate

               Distributed by Knight/Ridder Tribune News Service

                            March 22, 2006 Wednesday

Rural communities can apply for grants for broadband connections

BYLINE: Victoria Advocate, Texas

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 325 words


Mar. 22--TEMPLE -- Broadband grant funds totaling $8.9 million are available for
connecting essential community facilities to high-speed telecommunications in
rural towns and communities where broadband service does not exist, the USDA
Rural Development state director announced Tuesday.

Bryan Daniel said, "The expansion of these technologies will better equip our
rural communities to enhance opportunities for overall economic development. The
funds from this program will provide community-oriented broadband transmission
service that delivers enhanced educational, health care and public safety
services for rural Texas communities."

USDA Rural Development through the Community Connect Broadband Grant Program has
invested more than $39 million in four years. To date, 109 communities have
participated in the program to connect essential services of police and fire
protection, local government, hospitals, libraries and schools to broadband
service.

For their part of the project, the communities will make at least 10 computers
available to the public with set hours and instructions available for use on the
Internet.

The minimum award per grant is $50,000, and there is no maximum.

Applications must be completed and submitted no later than May 15 to U.S.
Department of Agriculture, 1400 Independence Ave., SW, Room 2844, Stop 1559,
Washington, D.C., 20250-1599.

For more information on the Community Connect Broadband Grant Program, contact
Paco Valentin, Community Programs director, 254-742-9789, or visit the Web site
at http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/rus/telecom/commconnect.htm.

To see more of Victoria Advocate, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thevictoriaadvocate.com. Copyright (c) 2006, Victoria Advocate, Texas
Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News. For information on
republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511 (U.S.), (213) 237-4914
(worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060322-VI-BROADBAND-RURAL-20060322

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VI


                        Copyright 2006 Victoria Advocate


                              28 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                  Warwick & Southern Downs Weekly (Queensland)

                                  May 15, 2013

Aussie Post launches its community grants

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 390  words



HIGHLIGHT: Funding to foster more inclusive communities


AUSTRALIA Post is celebrating the launch of its new community program - Our
Neighbourhood - with a grants program open to all Australian neighbourhoods.

The program builds on Australia Post's commitment to community, which has
spanned the past two centuries and includes a national network of about 5000
retail outlets and more than 33,000 staff, who touch communities across the
country every day.

"For over 200 years, we have helped communities connect with each other - and
governments across the country connect with customers and citizens," Mr Fahour,
Australia Post managing director and CEO, said.

"Fostering more inclusive communities will be at the heart of Our Neighbourhood.

"It is our way of ensuring we provide continued support for communities to stay
connected, both physically and digitally."

He said the program would drive positive change in communities by focusing on
initiatives that provided all Australians with access to essential products and
services, as well as the skills to use these services to connect in both the
physical and digital world.

The program will also focus on projects that maintain diverse, inclusive
workplaces that value the contribution made by people from different backgrounds
and neighbourhoods.

One of the initiatives of Our Neighbourhood was a new local grants program.

Eligible registered charities and community organisations were invited to apply
for grants of $1000-$25,000 to support local projects.

"This is an Australia Post first," Mr Fahour said.

"(It is) a truly localised program that will provide people with the financial
support, tools and resources that will assist them in building healthier, more
vibrant and inclusive communities."

He said some examples of potential Our Neighbourhood Community Grants program
projects included targeted education programs, support for communities to better
understand and manage changing technologies or assistance for Australian small
businesses to further develop business and management skills.

Apply online by Friday, June 28 at

www.ourneighbourhood

.com.au.

GRANTS

To apply for an Our Neighbourhood Community Grant or to find out more about
eligible organisations and selection criteria, say "~hello' at www.
ourneighbourhood. com.au or pick up an application kit at any Australia Post
retail outlet.

Applications close June 28 at 5pm.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WWT


                    Copyright 2013 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              29 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Thomasville Times-Enterprise (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 21, 2009 Friday

City receives grant for multi-use trail

BYLINE: Teresa Williams, Thomasville Times-Enterprise, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 784 words


Aug. 21--THOMASVILLE -- The City received good news this week with the
announcement of grant awards from the Historic Preservation Division of the
Georgia Department of Natural Resources.

Thomasville is one of nine "Preserve America" communities in the state that will
receive federally-funded matching grants "to conduct heritage tourism activities
involving their community landmarks," according to a state news release.

It will receive $10,000 for its new "Thomasville Community Landmarks Multi-Use
Trail" project. Funds will help with planning and signage for Phase I of the
trail.

"We are very excited," City Planner Lee Chastain said Thursday. "This will help
us with master planning for the multi-use trail and is something Thomasville has
wanted for quite a while now.

"It is an opportunity to begin to identify a full-trail loop that will
circumnavigate the city and provide recreational opportunities that currently do
not exist."

The trail is not part of the Victoria Place Urban Redevelopment Plan, but Phase
1 does go through the plan area and that portion of the trail is identified in
the VPURP, he said.

It has no official title yet, so it has been tentatively called "The Thomasville
Community Landmarks Multi-Use Trail" because of the numerous historic landmarks
that users could visit while on the trail.

Chastain said the trail is still in preliminary stages, but conceptually it will
be about four miles long and each phase will connect to a local park.

Paradise Park will connect to Cherokee Lake Park to MacIntyre Park to Wesson
Park to a proposed Stevens Street pocket park, which would serve as the trail
head. Phase I is Stevens Street to Paradise Park.

"The signage that will go up will highlight specific resources within those
historic districts to continue to promote Thomasville's heritage," Chastain
said. "We are also looking at trail spurs to connect to other resources outside
its perimeter. For example, a spur from Cherokee Lake Park to Remington Park."

The sub-grants, totaling $80,000, are part of a larger grant of $128,560 HPD
received earlier this year from Preserve America, a White House initiative that
encourages and supports community efforts to preserve and enjoy national
cultural and natural heritage, to fund a three-pronged statewide community
landmark preservation effort, according to the news release.

"It is our hope that with these sub-grants, we will assist communities in
preserving and interpreting their community landmarks for both local citizens
and heritage tourists alike," HPD Director Ray Luce said in the news release. "
Community landmarks are the significant places that people associate with their
town and its history."

The HPD serves as the state historic preservation office.

Projects are expected to begin next month and be completed by September 2010,
according to the news release.

Chastain expects a grant agreement to be in place by October. He said the city
has received letters of support covering the matching contribution.

"We will move forward with identifying the proposed trail locations -- where to
put the loop -- and historic resources adjacent to the trail," he said. "It not
only connects our city's historic parks, but will also connect the numerous
historic districts."

Duane Treadon, GIS analyst, is working on those potential trail locations.

"I am definitely excited and very happy to get the grant," he said. "It will go
a long way in assisting us with this master plan and in promoting our historic
resources and our quality of life. In finding locations, we are looking at ways
to best maximize our resources and highlight our natural amenities."

The project will include numerous community members and public workshops
regarding the location of the trail will be held during the coming months,
Chastain said.

"While the city recognizes these projects as being important, the state and the
federal government are also recognizing the importance of these projects to the
vitality of Thomasville.

"Additionally, in these hard economic times, grant funding is difficult to
obtain and competition is tough, so, we are competing against many other
projects in many other cities. For ours to be selected is a continued
recognition that we have projects that are proven valuable not only for the
local community but for regional and state community as well."

For more stories, visit http://www.timesenterprise.com/. Copyright (c) 2009,
Thomasville Times-Enterprise, Ga. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090821-TZ-MULTI-USE-TRAIL-20090821

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TZ


                                 Copyright 2009


                              30 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 28, 2014 Wednesday

Arkansas: USDA Announces Funding for Advanced Communications Technology in Rural
Areas

LENGTH: 720  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Department of Agriculture, The State of Arkansas has issued the following news
release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is accepting
applications for grants to enhance telecommunications and broadcast services in
rural areas.

"This funding will help small, rural communities across the country gain access
to communications technologies to improve health, education and other services,"
Vilsack said. "It will help open doors to the global marketplace. It will
deliver specialized medical care and educational services. It will ensure that
public television stations can fully convert to digital signals and transmit
public safety, health, educational and cultural programming in isolated areas."

The funding is available from the Community Connect Grant Program, the Distance
Learning and Telemedicine Program, and the Public Television Station Digital
Transition Grant Program.

Through the Community Connect Grant Program, USDA plans to provide up to $13
million to fund broadband in unserved areas to support economic growth and
deliver enhanced educational, health care and public safety services. Awardees
must serve an area where broadband does not exist, provide a community center
with broadband access, and offer broadband service to all residential and
business customers. Details are on page 29405 of today's Federal Register.

USDA has had many successes through this program. Since it was created in 2003,
USDA has approved more than $142 million in more than 240 Community Connect
projects to bring broadband service to rural communities that lacked it.

For example, Rural Development awarded @Link Services, LLC a $544,164 Community
Connect Grant to provide broadband services to Lima, Okla. Many institutions
there have benefited, including the new volunteer fire department, the K-12
school, and the new community center.

Also in a notice in today's Federal Register, USDA is making available up to
$19.3 million in Distance Learning and Telemedicine (DLT) program grants to fund
access to rural education, training and health care resources. The DLT program
finances telecommunications-enabled equipment and advanced technologies for
people who live and work in rural areas. Since 2009, USDA has invested almost
$150 million in the program. These investments complement other USDA efforts to
improve rural communications.

Details of Distance Learning funding being made available today are on page
29399 of the Federal Register.

In the Public Television Station Digital Transition Grant Program, USDA will
provide up to $2 million as part of the Department's continued support of rural
telecommunications and broadcast services. Funds can be used to acquire, lease
or install equipment or software to complete the transition to digital broadcast
signals.

While rural stations broadcast their main transmitter signal digitally, many
also have translators serving small communities or isolated areas, and these
still need to transition from analog to digital. Some rural areas also need
fill-in translators, in cases when the signal reception from a main transmitter
is lost. These Public Television grants will support those stations to ensure
all rural households and businesses receive public television station
transmissions. Details are on page 29409 of the Federal Register.

USDA will offer special consideration to Community Connect and Distance Learning
and Telemedicine applications that contain at least one end-user site within a
trust area or a Tribal jurisdictional area.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that
stands as the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture
Secretary Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of Federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

For further information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              31 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 26, 2014 Monday

Washington: USDA Announces Funding for Advanced Communications Technology in
Rural Areas

LENGTH: 720  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is accepting
applications for grants to enhance telecommunications and broadcast services in
rural areas.

"This funding will help small, rural communities across the country gain access
to communications technologies to improve health, education and other services,"
Vilsack said. "It will help open doors to the global marketplace. It will
deliver specialized medical care and educational services. It will ensure that
public television stations can fully convert to digital signals and transmit
public safety, health, educational and cultural programming in isolated areas."

The funding is available from the Community Connect Grant Program, the Distance
Learning and Telemedicine Program, and the Public Television Station Digital
Transition Grant Program.

Through the Community Connect Grant Program, USDA plans to provide up to $13
million to fund broadband in unserved areas to support economic growth and
deliver enhanced educational, health care and public safety services. Awardees
must serve an area where broadband does not exist, provide a community center
with broadband access, and offer broadband service to all residential and
business customers. Details are on page 29405 of today's Federal Register.

USDA has had many successes through this program. Since it was created in 2003,
USDA has approved more than $142 million in more than 240 Community Connect
projects to bring broadband service to rural communities that lacked it.

For example, Rural Development awarded @Link Services, LLC a $544,164 Community
Connect Grant to provide broadband services to Lima, Okla. Many institutions
there have benefited, including the new volunteer fire department, the K-12
school, and the new community center.

Also in a notice in today's Federal Register, USDA is making available up to
$19.3 million in Distance Learning and Telemedicine (DLT) program grants to fund
access to rural education, training and health care resources. The DLT program
finances telecommunications-enabled equipment and advanced technologies for
people who live and work in rural areas. Since 2009, USDA has invested almost
$150 million in the program. These investments complement other USDA efforts to
improve rural communications.

Details of Distance Learning funding being made available today are on page
29399 of the Federal Register.

In the Public Television Station Digital Transition Grant Program, USDA will
provide up to $2 million as part of the Department's continued support of rural
telecommunications and broadcast services. Funds can be used to acquire, lease
or install equipment or software to complete the transition to digital broadcast
signals.

While rural stations broadcast their main transmitter signal digitally, many
also have translators serving small communities or isolated areas, and these
still need to transition from analog to digital. Some rural areas also need
fill-in translators, in cases when the signal reception from a main transmitter
is lost. These Public Television grants will support those stations to ensure
all rural households and businesses receive public television station
transmissions. Details are on page 29409 of the Federal Register.

USDA will offer special consideration to Community Connect and Distance Learning
and Telemedicine applications that contain at least one end-user site within a
trust area or a Tribal jurisdictional area.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that
stands as the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture
Secretary Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of Federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

For more information please visit: http://www.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              32 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                   Daily Examiner (Grafton, New South Wales)

                              May 14, 2013 Tuesday

Special delivery for neighbourhood grants

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 303  words


AUSTRALIA Post is saying "hello" to its new community program on the North Coast

It is celebrating the launch of its new community program - Our Neighbourhood -
with a grants program open to all Australian neighbourhoods.

Our Neighbourhood builds on Australia Post's commitment to community which has
spanned the past two centuries and includes a national network of 4428 retail
outlets and more than 33,000 friendly staff who touch communities across the
country each and every day, Australia Post managing director and CEO Ahmed
Fahour said.

"For over 200 years we have helped communities connect with each other and
governments across the country connect with customers and citizens," he said.

"Fostering more inclusive communities will be at the heart of Our Neighbourhood.
It is our way of ensuring we provide continued support for communities to stay
connected, both physically and digitally."

Our Neighbourhood will focus on initiatives that provide all Australians with
access to essential products and services - as well as the skills to use these
services to connect in both the physical and digital world.

One of the initiatives of Our Neighbourhood is a new grants program. Eligible
registered charities and community organisations can apply for grants of between
$1000 and $25,000 to support local projects.

"This is an Australia Post first; a truly localised program that will provide
people with the financial support, tools and resources that will assist them in
building healthier, more vibrant and inclusive communities," Mr Fahour said.

Some examples of potential Our Neighbourhood Community Grants program projects
include targeted education programs, support for communities to better
understand and manage changing technologies or assistance for Australian small
businesses to further develop skills.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EDE


                    Copyright 2013 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                      Kiowa County Press (Eads, Colorado)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 11, 2012

USDA Invites Applications for Grants to Provide Broadband Service to Rural
Communities

BYLINE: Kiowa County Press staff

LENGTH: 261  words


Tom Vilsack announced that USDA is accepting applications through the Community
Connect Broadband program for grants to provide broadband service to residents
of remote, rural communities.

"Ensuring that all Americans have access to reliable broadband is a key part of
the Obama Administration's effort to help create jobs and expand economic
opportunities in rural areas," Vilsack said. "These grants not only are critical
for businesses and residents, they also help first responders, educators and
health care professionals by providing them with access to broadband service."

Community Connect grants are made available to the most rural, unserved and
economically challenged areas. The funds are used to build broadband
infrastructure. Awardees are also required to establish community centers that
offer free public access to broadband.

Information on available funding and application requirements are published on
page 26241 of the May 3, 2012 Federal Register. More information on Community
Connect Grants, including the application guide, can be viewed from the USDA

Rural Development website.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, administers and manages
housing, business and community infrastructure and facility programs through a
national network of state and local offices. Rural Development has an active
portfolio of more than $165 billion in loans and loan guarantees. These programs
are designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses,
residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural areas.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Technology

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KWA

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2012 Kiowa County Press


                              34 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                          September 11, 2014 Thursday

The DuPage Community Foundation Grants Assist Food Pantries With Food Rescue

BYLINE: The DuPage Community Foundation

SECTION: SUBMITTED CONTENT; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 1225 words


Northern Illinois Food Bank's Food Recovery Program has developed over the
years, according to Hester Bury, director of corporate and foundation giving for
the Northern Illinois Food Bank. "We started the program in 2001 with Jewel Food
Stores as our primary partner, said Bury. Today, we partner with 71 retailers in
DuPage County."

Initially, Northern Illinois Food Bank would pick up from each retailer twice
per week and

distribute the food to a local food pantry. Bury explained that a couple of
years ago the retail

partners who were supplying food to Northern Illinois Food Bank requested more
frequent food

pick-ups. While the Food Bank was not equipped to pick up food more than twice a
week, it recognized an opportunity to distribute the fresh, donated food faster
to neighbors in need by adding a pantry pick-up component to the program. Thus,
the Direct Connect Program, which

matches food pantries with stores proximate to their locations for pick-ups on
days the Food Bank cannot be at the stores, was born.

Of the 71 DuPage stores that provide food to the Food Bank, 66 of them are
matched up with two dozen food pantries through the Direct Connect Program. The
food pantries that agreed to make the extra pick-ups are required to report back
to Northern Illinois Food Bank so that a collective report may be given to the
corporate partners.

"We wanted to maintain the great relationships that we established with our
partners and offer them the best service possible," said Bury. "The Direct
Connect Program is a win-win-win all the way around. The food pantries are able
to rescue the food in a more timely manner, which means it gets to those in need
faster. The stores are happy with more frequent pick-ups and our help in
embracing their zero waste policy, and the Food Bank is satisfied knowing that
more food is being made available in the food pantry network."

Two area food pantries that are in the food rescue network are the Neighborhood
Food Pantries and the West Suburban Community Food Pantry. Both have received
grants from The DuPage Community Foundation to purchase vehicles to assist with
their food recovery efforts.

Neighborhood Food Pantries received a grant in the Foundation's 2014 Spring
Community Needs Grant Cycle and the West Suburban Food Pantry received a grant
in the Foundation's 2013 Spring Community Needs Grant Cycle.

Neighborhood Food Pantries

The mission of Neighborhood Food Pantries (NFP) is to effectively distribute
food and

emergency assistance in Northwest DuPage through community and faith
partnerships, collaboration, volunteer efforts and ongoing fundraising. Tom
Norton, executive director for NFP, has been involved with the pantries for a
dozen years and is grateful for many of the partnerships involved in making the
NFP a vital part of the communities they serve.

With offices located at St. Isidore Parish in Bloomingdale and six area pantries
located at various churches throughout DuPage County, NFP engages approximately
150 volunteers with 30 of them rescuing food from various community partners.
"The vans are a godsend," said Norton. "They are crucial to our food recovery
program but another advantage is that they give us the opportunity to share the
food that is allowed to be shared with our other pantries."

NFP is a Direct Connect Program partner with the Northern Illinois Food Bank and
they have created their own direct relationships as well. A grant from The
DuPage Community Foundation's Community Needs Program funded the vans, which are
shared by three of the pantries. "Thanks to The Foundation, we are able to
rescue food from many community partners," said Norton.

This year marks the 15th anniversary of NFP. "We've grown from three to six
pantries and from 12 to 28 partners," Norton said. "The business of food
pantries has changed over the years and with grants, partnerships, churches,
volunteers and some fundraising, we are making a huge difference in the lives of
many people in DuPage. That's a great feeling."

West Suburban Community Pantry

The West Suburban Community Pantry participates in the food recovery program and

picks up food weekly as a Direct Connect Program partner. The West Suburban Food
Pantry serves all of DuPage County and beginning this September will offer its
clients access to the food pantry twice per month as opposed to once per month.
"Our clients alerted us to the fact that once a month is not enough to sustain
the food for their families," said Eric Gardner, development director for the
West Suburban Community Pantry.

The West Suburban Community Pantry's Direct Connect Partner is Wal-Mart, who
according to Bury, worked with Northern Illinois Food Bank as a test case on how
the food was managed prior to participating in the food rescue program. "Now
Wal-Mart supports food banks and pantries across the county," said Bury.

Approximately 165 regular volunteers assist with client services, the sorting
and stocking of food, and food rescue pick-ups. "The van that was purchased with
a grant from The DuPage Community Foundation is a crucial part of our food
rescue efforts," said Gardner. "We are grateful to the Foundation for this
critical support."

About The DuPage Community Foundation:

The DuPage Community Foundation seeks to raise the quality of life throughout
DuPage County by fostering philanthropy, connecting donors to area needs and
building community partnerships. Based on the American virtues of volunteerism
and philanthropy, the Foundation fosters a legacy of support for the people of
DuPage County by making grants to not-for-profit organizations working in the
areas of arts and culture, education, environment, health, and human

services. Since its inception, the Foundation has built its endowment to more
than $60 million and awarded more than $19 million in grants to not-for-profit
agencies serving the residents of

DuPage County and beyond.

Established in 1986, The DuPage Community Foundation is a publicly-supported
501(c)(3) organization to which contributions are tax deductible. It was created
to benefit the people of DuPage County and receives contributions and bequests
into a permanent endowment from individuals, corporations, organizations and
foundations wishing to make lasting contributions to the people of DuPage. The
earnings on these funds are then used, in accordance with donor wishes, for the
Foundation's grantmaking and community leadership activities.

For more information about the Foundation, or to arrange future media
opportunities, please contact Joelyn Kott, marketing & communications officer,
at (630) 665-5556, extension 19, or jkott@dcfdn.org

About Northern Illinois Food Bank:

Northern Illinois Food Bank leads the northern Illinois community in solving
hunger by providing nutritious meals to those in need through innovative
programs and partnerships. Since 1983, food manufacturers, local groceries,
corporations, foundations, and individuals have come together to donate food and
funds, and evaluate and repack food for distribution to 800 community food
pantries and feeding programs serving more than 71,000 hungry neighbors each
week across 13 counties. That commitment provided 50 million meals to those in
need in FY14. For information on how to volunteer, donate and get involved,
visit www.SolveHungerToday.org. Northern Illinois Food Bank is a member of
Feeding

America.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A Northern Illinois Food Bank driver picks up a donation of produce and
perishable foods at a local grocery for delivery to hungry neighbors.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              35 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Inter Lake, Kalispell, Mont.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 27, 2017 Monday

Grant program aims to create a better referral system

BYLINE: Hilary Matheson, Daily Inter Lake, Kalispell, Mont.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 804 words


March 27--Print Article

Tracking referrals is often half the battle in getting people connected to
services across agencies.

Getting a referral system in place is one of the goals of the Montana Support,
Outreach and Access for the Resiliency of Students (SOARS) grant program to
create a system for making and tracking referrals between health providers,
public assistance agencies and schools.

Montana SOARS recently piloted an electronic referral system with about 40 users
from Flathead City-County Health Department, Sunburst Mental Health Services and
Kalispell Regional Medical Center's neonatal intensive care unit and
obstetrician department.

The aim of using an electronic referral system, named "Connect," is
accountability, consistency and interconnectedness between agencies or
organizations to get services to people who may need them.

Flathead County Health Department users who participated in the pilot were
recognized for their efforts and feedback at a Montana SOARS Community Action
Team on March 16. The Community Action Team consists of 41 members from area
agencies, organizations, school districts and mental health or health providers.

One pilot participant from the Flathead Community Health Center Dental Clinic
said it made a difference in getting patients -- especially high-risk patients
-- the care that they need.

Montana SOARS Project Director Ronda Stevens said it may be the case that a
school social worker refers a student to a counselor in the community. In one
instance during the pilot, the dental clinic received a referral from the
neonatal unit for a patient's spouse.

Healthy Montana Families social worker Paulette Lawrence, who gathered feedback
from pilot participants in the health department, described how Connect works.

"Let's say you refer someone to see me. It pops up in my email and it's now my
responsibility to call or have someone from my staff call and connect with that
client," Lawrence said. "Once it goes into the system we have 14 days to respond
and get a hold of that client. If we don't -- we get another email reminder."

It puts some responsibility on an agency or provider to reach out to a
prospective patient or client.

"Sometimes clients feel so overwhelmed to secure services for themselves so this
was nice having agencies giving them a call," Lawrence said. "I've been a social
worker for 40 years and we all have these programs that we want people to take
advantage of."

Stevens later added, "When you think of a family or student in need, or in
crisis, whatever it is, that feels good that somebody really cares, they do want
to help."

The difficulty before was tracking a referral -- finding out if a person did
indeed contact an agency he or she was referred to, or if an agency contacted
the person. In this system, providers or agencies may note that a call was made
or appointment set up.

Lawrence said criticisms of the system appeared to stem from the learning curve
involved.

"One of the things I noticed if someone used it only one or three times they had
more frustrations with it. It's like any computer system: the longer they use
the system the more they got used to it," Lawrence said. "And [for some] it's
another system the user has to enter information into."

Stevens said Connect has potential to link agencies and organizations throughout
the county and statewide. The system software used in the pilot is currently
used by the Montana's juvenile justice system.

"Noble [the software company] can build the bridge to eventually connect us with
juvenile justice, so there's a lot of possibilities," Stevens said, later
adding, "there are other agencies that want to join the system and we're putting
together plan, so hopefully we'll have more participants soon."

Kalispell Public Schools are slated to join the system one school at a time once
a referral process is put in place.

Other communities sharing in the federal grant money that funds Montana SOARS
such as Browning and Butte are also part of Connect. Great Falls also part of
Connect. While Missoula and Billings are looking to "be connected to Connect,"
Stevens said. This connection between communities would benefit family and
students who move, for instance.

"The good thing about that is the goal we're looking at statewide participation
so you would be able to connect with someone in Billings, or someone in Great
Falls -- a facility or therapist. You'll have a wider reach, but that's down the
road," Stevens said.

Montana SOARS is funded through a federal Substance Abuse and Mental Health
Services Administration grant.

Reporter Hilary Matheson can be reached at 758-4431 or
hmatheson@dailyinterlake.com

Print Article

___ (c)2017 the Daily Inter Lake (Kalispell, Mont.) Visit the Daily Inter Lake
(Kalispell, Mont.) at www.dailyinterlake.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170327-KG-Grant
-program-aims-to-create-a-better-referral-system-0327-20170327

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KG


               Copyright 2017 Daily Inter Lake, Kalispell, Mont.


                              36 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 14, 2015 Wednesday

Grinnell College hosts first celebration honoring mini-grant recipients

LENGTH: 526  words

DATELINE: Grinnell


Grinnell College has issued the following news release:

Grinnell College's Community Mini-Grant Program was highlighted at a recent
Mini-Grant Celebration hosted by the College at the Drake Community Library.

Grant recipients, along with members of the Grant Committee, gathered to hear
updates about the projects funded by the program in 2014. In the past, grant
recipients were asked to provide only a written report at the end of the
project. Although the reports were beneficial, leaders of the Mini-Grant Program
determined there was added value in asking grant recipients to share their
project's progress in this new way.

"We were pleased to host the first-ever Grinnell College Mini-Grant Celebration,
said Monica Chavez-Silva, director of community enhancement and engagement for
Grinnell College. "It was a great way to honor the 2014 recipients and hear more
about the success of their projects. We were also pleased to see the number of
connections being made between grant recipients.

"The value of the Mini-Grant Program is about more than just the financial
capital that changes hands," she added. "It's also about building social and
human capital -- the chance to create valuable connections that will have a
lasting impact in the community."

Parks and Recreation Director for the city of Grinnell Kelly Rose praised the
Mini-Grant Celebration at the event. "In the past I was not able to connect with
other recipients who received the Mini-Grant funding and learn about their
projects, she said. The recent Celebration allowed our groups to connect with
each other on a more personal level."

"Some in attendance gave personal testimonials about how these projects had
impacted their families directly. We even made a connection between two groups,
which was so good to see. I hope that a similar event can take place in the
future to continue to connect these important projects with each other, and that
members of the selection committee can personally see the impact these Mini-
Grants have on our projects."

Since its inception in 2002, the Community Mini-Grant program has directed more
than $282,000 toward 133 community initiatives.

Mini-Grants, which range from $1,000 to $7,500, are intended to support
promising initiatives that enhance the social and economic vitality of our
community, including cultural, recreational and educational projects, as well as
projects addressing human needs and enhancing the safety and beauty of the
community.

Applications for 2015 Mini-Grants are due by Jan. 30, 2015. To download an
application, visit
www.grinnell.edu/sites/default/files/documents/MiniGrantApp2015Final
Fillable.pdf. Recipients of the awards will be announced on March 13, 2015.

Preference will be given to proposals that:

Leverage additional funds,
    Demonstrate collaborative partnerships in the community,
    Stimulate campus/community connections,
    Are distinct among what already exists in Grinnell,
    Improve over what has been done in the past and
    Show promise that the desired result will be achieved.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                     The Chronicle (Toowoomba, Queensland)

                             May 23, 2013 Thursday

Australia Post funds local grants;
CELEBRATION Our Neighbourhood program launched

SECTION: Pg. 28

LENGTH: 328  words


AUSTRALIA Post is celebrating the launch of its new community program - Our
Neighbourhood - with a grants program open to Toowoomba neighbourhoods.

Our Neighbourhood builds on Australia Post's commitment to our community which
has spanned the last two centuries and includes a national network of 4, 428
retail outlets and more than 33,000 friendly staff who touch communities across
the country each and every day.

Managing Director and CEO Ahmed Fahour said Australia Post has helped commuities
connect and governments across the country connect with customers and citizens
for more than 200 years.

"Fostering more inclusive communities will be at the heart of Our
Neighbourhood," he said.

"It is our way of ensuring we provide continued support for communities to stay
connected, both physically and digitally.

"Our Neighbourhood will drive positive change in communities by focusing on
initiatives that provide all Australians with access to essential products and
services - as well as the skills to use these services to connect in both the
physical and digital world."

The program will also focus on projects which maintain diverse, inclusive
workplaces that value the contribution made by people from different backgrounds
and neighbourhoods.

One of the initiatives of Our Neighbourhood is a new local grants program.

Eligible registered charities and community organisations are invited to apply
for grants of between $1,000 and $25,000 to support local projects.

"This is an Australia Post first; a truly localised program that will provide
people with the financial support, tools and resources that will assist them in
building healthier, more vibrant and inclusive communities," Mr Fahour said.

Our Neighbourhood Community Grants are open and will close on Friday, June 28 at
5pm.

To apply or to find out more about eligible organisations and selection
criteria, visit www.ourneighbourhood.com.au or pick up an application kit at any
Australia Post retail outlet.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TCH


                    Copyright 2013 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 19, 2014 Thursday

Utah: Community Connect Broadband Grant Program

LENGTH: 285  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines  Jul 7, 2014
Contact

Kenneth Kuchno
Director
Phone: 202.690.4673
Email: community.connect@wdc.usda.gov
Purpose

The Community Connect Grant Program provides grants to applicants that will
provide currently unserved remote or rural areas with broadband service that
fosters economic growth and delivers enhanced educational, health care, and
public safety services.

Grant funds may be used to finance the following:

The construction, acquisition, or leasing of facilities, including spectrum,
land or buildings, used to deploy service at the Broadband Grant Speed to all
residential and business customers located within the Proposed Funded Service
Area
    The improvement, expansion, construction, or acquisition of a Community
Center and provision of Computer Access Points
    The cost of providing the necessary bandwidth for service free of charge to
the Critical Community Facilities for 2 years

Eligibility

Eligible entities include:

Incorporated organizations
    Indian tribes or tribal organizations
    State or local units of government
    Cooperatives, private corporations or limited liability companies organized
on a for-profit or not-for-profit basis.

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funding Available: $13,000,000
Application
process

Links to the application and program guidance are available on the program
website.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Emergency services,
Health information technology, Networking and collaboration, Schools, Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 4, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Community Connect Broadband Grant Program

LENGTH: 316  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines  Jul 11, 2013
Contact

Kenneth Kuchno
Director
Phone: 202.690.4673
Email: community.connect@wdc.usda.gov
Purpose

The Community Connect Grant Program provides grants to applicants that will
provide currently unserved areas remote or rural areas with broadband service
that fosters economic growth and delivers enhanced educational, health care, and
public safety services.

Grant funds may be used to finance the following:

The construction, acquisition, or leasing of facilities, including spectrum,
land or buildings, used to deploy service at the Broadband Grant Speed to all
residential and business customers located within the Proposed Funded Service
Area
    The improvement, expansion, construction, or acquisition of a Community
Center and provision of Computer Access Points
    The cost of providing the necessary bandwidth for service free of charge to
the Critical Community Facilities for 2 years

Eligibility

Eligible entities include:

Incorporated organizations
    Indian tribes or tribal organizations
    State or local units of government
    Cooperatives, private corporations or limited liability companies organized
on a for-profit or not-for-profit basis.

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Amount available: $10,372,000
Award Ceiling: $100,000
Award Floor: $1,500,000
Application
process

Links to the application and full announcement are available through grants.gov.

Webinars will be held on June 18, June 25, and July 2, 2013. Complete
registration information is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Emergency services,
Health information technology, Networking and collaboration, Schools,
Technology, Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 20, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Community Connect Broadband Grant Program

LENGTH: 316  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines  Jul 11, 2013
Contact

Kenneth Kuchno
Director
Phone: 202.690.4673
Email: community.connect@wdc.usda.gov
Purpose

The Community Connect Grant Program provides grants to applicants that will
provide currently unserved areas remote or rural areas with broadband service
that fosters economic growth and delivers enhanced educational, health care, and
public safety services.

Grant funds may be used to finance the following:

The construction, acquisition, or leasing of facilities, including spectrum,
land or buildings, used to deploy service at the Broadband Grant Speed to all
residential and business customers located within the Proposed Funded Service
Area
    The improvement, expansion, construction, or acquisition of a Community
Center and provision of Computer Access Points
    The cost of providing the necessary bandwidth for service free of charge to
the Critical Community Facilities for 2 years

Eligibility

Eligible entities include:

Incorporated organizations
    Indian tribes or tribal organizations
    State or local units of government
    Cooperatives, private corporations or limited liability companies organized
on a for-profit or not-for-profit basis.

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Amount available: $10,372,000
Award Ceiling: $100,000
Award Floor: $1,500,000
Application
process

Links to the application and full announcement are available through grants.gov.

Webinars will be held on June 18, June 25, and July 2, 2013. Complete
registration information is available on the program website.
Tagged as  Community development, Economic development, Emergency services,
Health information technology, Networking and collaboration, Schools,
Technology, Telehealth

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Gazette (Tasmania, Australia)

                            June 26, 2013 Wednesday
                                  1 - Edition

$5000 opens Play Box to many

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 178  words


THE Big Play Box is one of 17 Tasmanian community organisations to receive a
MyState Foundation grant this week.

The $5000 grant will take The Big Play Box experience to more communities, said
manager Kate Turner.

Ms Turner said the shipping container that is the Big Play Box is moved around
communities for children to explore, create, play and connect with each other
and with their families.

``It is a wonderful way for communities to connect and often children have
experiences that they may not otherwise have at home,'' she said.

``We have a strong focus on reused and sustainable materials, which means the
$5000 grant goes a very long way.

``The small entry fee of a gold coin donation goes directly to an African
charity that educates children, so in a way the Foundation grant helps us
support overseas children too.''

The MyState Foundation allocated more than $104,000 in grants this year.

MyState managing director John Gilbert said The Big Play Box was an innovative
idea that built creativity in communities and helped them connect in a new and
sustainable way.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DVG


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                             April 26, 2011 Tuesday

New lab connects people to Internet

BYLINE: J. NIELSEN Correspondent

SECTION: B; ARCHIVES; Pg. BM04

LENGTH: 583 words


In a former storage room, people will get a a chance to use the tool for
success, a computer with Internet access.

During a ribbon-cutting ceremony last week, a new computer lab with six
computers was presented to an appreciative audience at Joseph's Restoration
Center, a drug and alcohol rehabilitation residence for men.

Offered through a program sponsored by Manatee Education Foundation called
Connect Your Community, the goal is to get people connected. Free computer labs
and classes for adults are offered as well as discounted home computers and
reduced rates on home Internet service.

"I did not know how to operate a computer. I did not know how to turn it on; now
I can help others," said Bruce Howard, a recent graduate of computer
certification class offered by Connect Your Community.

Through a $1.5 million federal stimulus grant, money is available to provide
such services.

"The full purpose of the grant is to get people connected to the Internet,
because that is where the future is," said Mary Glass, executive director of the
Manatee Education Foundation.

The program does two things: help people get the Internet and increase the
opportunity through community computers, said Sherry Knowles, program
administrator for Connect Your Community.

"I believe it will help the community. A lot of people do not have computer
skills," said Destiny Childs, a volunteer at Joseph's Restoration.

The new lab is one of several facilities available for Internet access and
computer training. Classes also are available at The Dream Center in Palmetto,
the DeSoto Boys & Girls Clubs and at the Kelly Brown Community Center. Palmetto
Boys & Girls Club offers computer classes in Spanish.

"Anybody in the community can use it; this will help tremendously. A lot of guys
do not have the computer literacy," said Yancey Styles, program director at
Joseph's Restoration.

People attending the ceremony were excited about the prospect of giving those in
need a chance to succeed.

"They can go on Craigslist and find jobs," said Pastor Al Davis, chief executive
officer of Joseph's Restoration. "Today, everything is computerized."

Programs like Connect Your community are an important first step," said Sherod
Halliburton, executive director of Bradenton's Central Community Redevelopment
Agency.

"We are happy our agency can play a small part. It's exciting to be a part of
that," he said.

The free classes start with the basics. The first class, called Mouse-Aerobics,
teaches participants how to use a mouse."

"I was skittish before I went to that class the first day; after that, it was a
piece of cake," said John Gibbon, a recent graduate of the computer certificate
program who received his diploma at the ceremony.

Since February, Connect Your Community has worked to get the new computer lab up
and running. Conscious of how money is spent, Knowles sought donations and
low-cost services provided by local businesses.

"To help out our community, it's our main goal," Joseph Ersek of Hurricane
Computers said as he installed the last of computer components, just in time for
the ribbon-cutting ceremony.

The grant, which lasts for 22 months, will need continued community support to
succeed.

"We are hoping the community will want to continue this," Knowles said.

FAX BOX

INTERESTED?

Computer lab hours are from 3 to 7 p.m. Monday through Friday at Joseph's
Restoration Center, 1027 Ninth St. W., Bradenton. For more information about
Connect Your Community, 2501 63rd Ave. E., Bradenton, call 751-6550, Ext. 2292.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: To illustrate how everyone is connected, Sherry Knowles, program
administrator for Connect Your Community, asked those attending a ribbon-cutting
ceremony for a new computer lab to hold hands in a circle. Shown, from left,
Yancey Styles, Sherod Halliburton, Mary Glass, Pastor Al Davis and Michelle
Arango.CORRESPONDENT PHOTOS / J. NIELSEN Sherry Knowles, left, presents John
Gibbon with a diploma he earned for completing computer training. Pastor Al
Davis and Mary Glass cut the ribbon to open the new computer lab. Howard

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           February 12, 2008 Tuesday
                                  All Editions

USDA offers rural Internet access grants

SECTION: Pg. A5

LENGTH: 275 words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture has announced the availability of $13.4
million in broadband Internet connectivity grants for rural communities.

The Community Connect Grant Program provides grants to telecommunications
providers and municipalities to finance the installation of broadband service in
rural communities, where broadband is least likely to be available.

Grant funds may be used to deploy broadband transmission service to critical
community facilities, rural residents and rural businesses. In addition,
recipients may construct, acquire or expand, equip and operate a community
center that provides free access to broadband services to community residents
for at least two years.

"The Community Connect Grant Program is an essential funding source in ensuring
access to broadband technology is available to rural communities," Michael W.
Aube, Maine's USDA rural development state director, said in a press release
issued Monday.

Grants will be awarded on a competitive basis to telecommunications providers
and municipalities serving communities of up to 20,000 inhabitants. That number
was chosen to ensure rural consumers benefit from the grants, and in turn
receive access to the same quality and range of telecommunications services that
are available in urban and suburban communities.

Applications must be received no later than March 28, 2008. For information,
visit www.usda.gov/rus/telecom/commconnect.htm or contact Gary Vanidestine,
utilities program specialist, at 990-9121 or gary.vanidestine@me.usda.gov

USDA Rural Development's mission is to increase economic opportunity and improve
the quality of life for rural residents.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 Bangor Daily News


                              44 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Bladen Journal, Elizabethtown, N.C.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 29, 2016 Friday

Connect NC Bond will benefit local governments

BYLINE: Bladen Journal, Elizabethtown, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 357 words


Jan. 29--RALEIGH -- Local and county governments across the state will be
eligible for water/sewer project grants if the Connect NC Bond is passed by
North Carolina voters on Tuesday, March 15.

There is $309 million dedicated to infrastructure services for municipal and
county governments to make improvements and updates to water/sewer facilities to
assist with economic development and growth. The Connect NC Bond will provide
$100 million for grant funding to local governments and $209.5 million will be
available for loans on a revolving basis.

Under the guidelines of the bond, there will be three types of grants for
water/sewer project: (1) Water infrastructure and construction grants; (2) Asset
Inventory and Assessment Grants; (3) Consolidation and Regionalization Grants.
The criteria of the grants will depend on the improvements and the number of
citizens served. The grants will be based on relative affordability of a project
to that municipality based on median income, poverty rates, employment rates.

Loan funds will be administered through the existing Clean Water and Drinking
Water State Revolving Funds. These loans are made to local governments based on
the same criteria and carry a low interest rate. The loans are made on a
revolving basis so as one town repays their loan, the cash is utilized to make
new loans to other communities.

"These local and county water/sewer grants are a critical component to the
Connect NC Bond Campaign," said Venessa Harrison, president of AT&T North
Carolina, a co-chair for the bond campaign. "Local government leaders are
supporting the bond because they want access to the capital they need to provide
improved services to their citizens.

"These bonds will provide $2 billion in critical investments in our community
colleges, universities, our state parks, our N.C. National Guard and local &
county governments, all without raising taxes on our citizens. That's a good
deal for our state and our citizens," she added.

___ (c)2016 the Bladen Journal (Elizabethtown, N.C.) Visit the Bladen Journal
(Elizabethtown, N.C.) at www.bladenjournal.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160129-1BL-Connect
-NC-Bond-will-benefit-local-governments-0129-20160129

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1BL


               Copyright 2016 Bladen Journal, Elizabethtown, N.C.


                              45 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Gallipolis Daily Tribune, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 28, 2010 Tuesday

Gallia DJFS applying for Connect Ohio grant

BYLINE: Amber Gillenwater, Gallipolis Daily Tribune, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 532 words


Dec. 28--GALLIPOLIS -- The Gallia County Department of Job and Family Services
will soon be applying for a Connect Ohio grant in an attempt to educate
interested individuals about basic computer skills.

Gallia County Department of Job and Family Services (DJFS) Director Dana
Glassburn was present during a regular meeting of the Gallia County Board of
Commissioners on Dec. 23 to discuss the grant.

According to Glassburn, the grant will provide reimbursement for the purchase of
computers and instructor hours for a basic skills computer class in the
community to help promote computer literacy.

"What this amounts to, the whole sub-grant agreement, is to train individuals on
how to perform basic computer skills: how to turn it on, how to get on the
Internet, how to do searches on the Internet so that they [Connect Ohio] can
start using more broadband capabilities in our area," Glassburn said.

Connect Ohio is a nonprofit organization that works with public agencies,
businesses and other community agencies to extend affordable high-speed Internet
to households all over Ohio.

According to Glassburn, Connect Ohio will pay up to $30 per hour for instructors
for such a class but will reimburse only 70 percent of that fee.

Glassburn reported that he applied for a total of 1,500 instructor hours in the
grant. The grant also requires a minimum of six individuals per class before
reimbursement will take place. However, Glassburn reported that Connect Ohio may
allow for a smaller group of individuals (two individuals per class) due to
Gallia County's low population.

Glassburn also discussed the possibility of donating the four computers that
would be provided through the grant to various local agencies. According to
Glassburn, DJFS recently received a grant that has provided funds for new
computers in their work opportunity center lab and they will not be in need of
new computers.

"You're permitted to put it [a computer] in other locations where students may
use this program," Glassburn stated. "Probably the best, if they had something
they would want to brush up on or practice with it, would be the library or some
other agency that has easy access to it."

The possibility of donating the computers to other agencies such as the Gallia
County Senior Center was also discussed.

Glassburn further reported that his agency has a facility where such a basic
computer skills class could be taught and DJFS lab has room for 22 students.

Glassburn also discussed the idea of working with the Gallipolis Municipal Court
to require litigants to take such a basic computer class as a part their court
proceedings.

"The main reason is, once you understand how to turn on a computer, how to go in
a search the Internet, it is a good source in order to look for jobs," Glassburn
said. "It is also an excellent training plan to get people started that have to
do unemployment."

To see more of the Gallipolis Daily Tribune, go to
http://www.mydailytribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Gallipolis Daily Tribune,
Ohio Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101228-YQ-Gallia-DJFS-applying-for-Connect-Ohio-grant-1228-20101228

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YQ


                                 Copyright 2010


                              46 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                    October 14, 2001 Sunday Michigan Edition

A report from the Executive Director

SECTION: ; Pg. SS8

LENGTH: 1083 words


Since joining the CONNECT team this past July, I have discovered there are many
similarities between my current position as executive director to that of my
former position as school superintendent.

In many regards, both positions resemble the balancing act where the juggler has
10 plates on individual sticks in the air at once. Each plate requires a great
deal of concentration and momentum; however, so do nine others at the same time.

These recent few months have been exciting and I am enthused to be part of this
organization and all the affiliated partners!

Through our initial conversations about CONNECT with many volunteers, I have
discovered that this organization and the broader community's greatest asset is
the spirit of cooperation and collaboration that exists between the numerous
educational, business and social service agencies within the county. This is a
"can do" place where people from many perspectives often come together to do
great things for children, families and citizens of this region.

In short, many positive things happen here because few worry about who gets the
credit. This spirit of volunteerism and support is unique to St. Joseph County.
Some of the initiatives that are representative of these collaborations -- and
with which CONNECT has initiated and/or is directly involved with at this time
-- cover a broad landscape:

Training Council

 One of the primary targets of the council is to understand the nature,
interests and quality of work force available to existing and new businesses in
our community.

The American College Testing Program Inc. (ACT) provides assessment, research,
information and program management services in the broad areas of educational
planning, career planning and work force development.

Work Keys is a system developed by ACT to help students and workers document
their employability skills.

Working directly with Workforce Development Inc. and representatives from ACT,
an initiative is under way to address work force needs by working cooperatively
with county, public and parochial schools to provide the Work Keys assessment to
all grade nine and 11 students starting in September of 2002.

Human Service Council

 The School Health Partnership Steering Committee remains a major focal point of
this council. Working together through the summer, the committee's next charge
is to assess where things are currently with respect to various projects. After
a number of years of successful programs and partnerships being implemented
throughout the county, this status check is critical to future planning.

Parent and student surveys will be conducted in all public and parochial schools
within the county this year the week of Oct. 8-14. When completed and analyzed,
this information will provide the basis for discussions on next steps for the
project. The aim is to continue efforts to improve and increase access to
quality health care for students and families in our community.

Community Collaboration Center

 CONNECT has initiated communications with several key partners in the community
to determine if there is a need to join forces -- as organizations, agencies and
institutions that serve the basic needs of the community -- to talk about how to
provide a comprehensive, interconnected network of social, health, educational
and economic services for the county.

These discussions have generated the concept of a Community Collaboration Center
to promote and develop meaningful, cooperative activities among those concerned
about community development. Some activities may include:

* Aligning missions and strategic plans among supporting organizations toward
common goals.

* Defining common areas among supporting organizations and searching for
collaborative opportunities to share resources.

* Searching collectively for funding opportunities to develop and/or enhance
cooperative programs.

* Building capacity and some infrastructure to sustain resource procurement.

* Being accountable to the community by assessing and monitoring progress made.

It is anticipated that this idea will continue to evolve this fall with a
comprehensive plan to be developed by next spring.

Grant Collaboration

 CONNECT has served a number of roles in either representing our business
partners and alliances as a component of major grants or facilitated the process
by completing numerous tasks for grant procurement. Some of the major
opportunities are:

* Tech Prep Demonstration Program: Involves Ivy Tech dual credit program for a
cohort group of 100 students from the five South Bend Community School Corp.
high schools over two years. Students will be able to attend Ivy Tech during and
outside the normal day receiving both high school and college credit for various
degrees and technical programs offered at Ivy Tech State College.

* Robert Wood Johnson Foundation: Penn-Harris-Madison School Corp., Madison
Center and CONNECT teamed to submit a grant proposal to increase and expand
mental health services in four elementary schools within the Penn-Harris-Madison
district through existing Family Resource Centers. The Caring for Kids project
will enhance the opportunities for greater academic services and positive social
experiences at school and at home for students and families.

Northern Indiana Workforce Investment Board

 NIWIB has been instrumental in providing assistance in two major areas. Through
the Technology Opportunities Program grant, substantial federal dollars and
matching funds from participating partners will support the regional
implementation of CONNEXTIONS, which is highlighted in another article in this
publication.

In addition to these opportunities, the Workforce Investment Board along with
community business leaders and CONNECT are refocusing training needs of the
community by developing strategies regionally to address existing work force and
future employment needs by focusing on the Regional Skills Alliance grant.

Health Occupations Committee

 Coordinated through Ivy Tech, with representation from CONNECT and various
health care providers in the region, interested sectors of the community have
focused their efforts on the present status of health occupations in the area.

This broad-based committee is examining curriculum preparation and accelerated
learning opportunities to address training and work force needs now and in the
future to assist the medical community in locating and sustaining a qualified
work force.


LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Michael Harding   Connect Executive Director

                 Copyright 2001 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              47 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Beacon (Ashtabula, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             August 30, 2015 Sunday

Connect 534 forges inter-community links

BYLINE: Dave Deluca Ddeluca@starbeacon.Com, Star Beacon, Ashtabula, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 995 words


Aug. 30--GENEVA -- Almost two years after an organization was created to unify
northwestern Ashtabula County, the founders will soon make a decisions about the
future of the group.

Connect 534's mission is bringing the city of Geneva, Geneva-on-the-Lake, Geneva
Township and Harpersfield Township together. The local event and marketing
organization, which serves the area on State Route 534 running from
Geneva-on-the-Lake to Harpersfield Township, aims to unite the area into one
tourist destination.

It was formed by the Ashtabula Convention and Visitor's Bureau, the
Geneva-on-the-Lake Convention and Visitor's Bureau, the Ohio Wine Producers
Association, the Lodge at Geneva-on-the-Lake, Geneva Township, Harpersfield
Township and the Conventions and Facilities Authority.

Donniella Winchell, executive director of the Ohio Wine Producers Association,
said each partner in the formation of Connect 534 agreed to put in about $2,500
to create a stipend and office space for Event Coordinator Sarah Bals in the
organization's early days.

"ODOT did a 534 Corridor study in 2011," she said. "A recommendation they made
indicated the communities around Geneva could all benefit from being linked
economically through tourism. So we helped create Connect 534."

Services and facilities of Ashtabula County -- especially along the 534 Corridor
-- are key to furthering tourism development, Connect 534 Event Coordinator
Sarah Bals said.

"Those agencies involved in its formation are in the lead for promoting the 534
Corridor and are engaged in strategic planning and visioning for the future of
the tourism industry here," she said.

The Civic Development Corporation (CDC) of Ashtabula was important in creating
Connect 534 and Bals' position there.

"The CDC supports the Ashtabula County Convention and Visitor's Bureau through
grants," she said. "They agreed to fund Connect 534 Event Coordinator's position
for 12 months. This year's (grant allowance) ends on Nov. 30, 2015."

Bals said after Nov. 30 her position will need to be re-funded by the
communities that choose to be active. They will rejoin for one year, then the
funding process will begin again. Bals is Connect 534's only employee.

CDC Executive Director Norah Anderson said the funding of Connect 534 began in
the fall of 2013 as a coordinated project of those seven organizations.

"These seven organizations together raised $20,000 per year for two years, which
the CDC matched with another $20,000 as a part of CDC's 2010 Campaign focused on
economic development through tourism," she said. "The funding request was
brought to CDC through the Ashtabula County Convention and Visitor's Bureau."

Bals was hired in November 2013 to create and orchestrate events promoting the
534 Corridor and attracting people to the businesses in the area. The $20,000
per year goes to Bals and anything needed to support these events, Anderson
said. The CDC funding was a one-time grant that ended in December 2014.

Doug Starkey said the city of Geneva has contributed $2,500 per year to Connect
534 since its inception. He said Bals and Connect 534 have been a great asset to
Geneva and the surrounding area.

"Sarah has brought additional events and people to our community to help support
local businesses and expose people to the great assets the area has to offer,"
he said. "The surrounding communities have once again joined forces to support
Connect 534. We look forward to the continued growth of Connect 534 and its
ongoing promotion of this area."

The Geneva-on-the-Lake Vistors Bureau works with Connect 534 on a fairly regular
basis, said Marge Milliken, executive director.

"Everyone on the corridor pitched in to make Connect 534 happen," she said. "It
connects all of us, so we all take part in the activities. In the winter there
were lunch specials that brought a lot of businesses together. In the summer,
Sarah created a coupon booklet that brought together 30 local businesses. She's
a great creative thinker and has helped the local tourism business. Connect 534
has at least one great event per month."

Some events Connect 534 sponsors throughout the year include Christmas in July,
Appleganza in October (an apple festival similar to the Grape Jamboree),
Zumbathon in August, Chalk the Walk, Luminaria Candles lighting during the
Christmas season and a host of other activities.

"Connect 534 has made a lot of progress developing community events and building
relationships," Bals said. "Bringing local businesses together and sustaining
these connections has been one of the most productive elements in Connect 534's
mission."

Debbie Sistek, owner of Luisa's Mexican Grill, said working on events with Bals
was a positive experience.

"(Through my restaurant) I've worked on a number of events Connect 534 has
sponsored," she said."Sarah is always accessible to businesses. She has really
spotlighted our community. Her strategies work and she's making things for
everyone on the corridor better."

Bals said to continue this positive foundation, Connect 534 needs to gain even
more community involvement to help businesses understand its goals. She said it
was important to not only build on Connect 534's founding partner communities,
but to also reach out to other local areas that fit the demographic of its
mission.

"New efforts and new communities will help grow our events and marketing
outreach," she said. "The more we can work with the better."

She said event initiatives had been formed to improve and better the district by
engaging in strategic planning for the future of the tourism industry, as well
as enhancing the quality of life for the individuals and communities.

"Connect 534 was formed to give local residents as well as tourists in the area
a better quality of life with more positive and uplifting activities," she said.
"We feel we've done that."

___ (c)2015 the Star Beacon (Ashtabula, Ohio) Visit the Star Beacon (Ashtabula,
Ohio) at www.starbeacon.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150830-OB-Connect-534-forges-inter-community-links-0830-20150830

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OB


                           Copyright 2015 Star Beacon


                              48 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          The Advertiser (Woolgoolga)

                                 March 29, 2014

Building neighbourhoods

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 301  words


COMMUNITY groups and charitable organisations are being urged to apply for an
Our Neighbourhood Community Grant to fund local projects that support those in
need and improve local neighbourhoods.

Now in its second year, the Australia Post Our Neighbourhood Community Grants
program offers one-off cash payments of up to $10,000 and are an important part
of how Australia Post is bringing to life its commitment to building healthier,
more vibrant and inclusive communities across Australia.

Australia Post managing director and CEO, Ahmed Fahour, said Our Neighbourhood
Community Grants provide the opportunity for New South Wales North Coast
community organisations to drive positive change in their own backyards.

"Community service is part of Australia Post's DNA - providing funding to
community groups for local projects that bring people together, where everyone
feels included, involved and connected, is a natural extension of that community
service," Mr Fahour said.

"Last year we received more than 4600 applications for grants which tells us
there is not only great work being done in communities around the country but
that the Our Neighbourhood Community Grants program can help to build capability
and connect people in their neighbourhoods."

Our Neighbourhood Community Grants will be funded by the newly established Our
Neighbourhood Trust, Australia Post's public charitable fund, as well as funding
directly from Australia Post.

Grants will be awarded based on the following key focus areas including projects
that connect and/or educate regional and remote communities digitally; projects
that support the start-up of small businesses in regional and remote communities
through technology.

Applications are now open and will close on Friday, April 4 at 5pm.

For more, visit ourneighbourhood.com.au.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CWA


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              49 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              March 9, 2014 Sunday

Grant connects UMMC to rural health care

BYLINE: Michaela Gibson Morris, Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 360 words


March 09--Four Northeast Mississippi health care facilities have been selected
to participate in a telemedicine grant through University of Mississippi Medical
Center.

Calhoun County Medical Clinic in Calhoun City, Trace Regional Medical Center in
Houston, NMMC-Pontotoc and NMMC-Iuka each will receive a telemedicine cart that
will allow health care providers at those facilities to consult with the
academic medical center and trauma center in Jackson.

"Our hope is to bring them more access to those subspecialties that they don't
have in their communities," said Kristi Henderson, a UMMC nursing professor who
serves as the director of telehealth. "We want to help fill gaps or add
additional capacity."

The U.S. Department of Agriculture and the Appalachian Regional Commission have
funded a $578,000 distance-learning and telemedicine grant to nine hospitals in
towns with fewer than 5,000 residents in areas that are considered medically
underserved and have health professional shortage areas. A 10th site is being
finalized for the grant. The new sites will bring UMMC's telehealth system to
104 sites and connect 168,000 rural residents.

The mobile telemedicine carts have two-way, secure audio-visual connections
between UMMC and the rural facilities. The carts will be set up to connect with
UMMC, but the facilities also will be able to use them to connect with other
telehealth sites, Henderson said. For example, the NMMC sites could use them to
connect with specialists at NMMC-Tupelo, too.

UMMC is leading the way in establishing telemedicine networks that will allow
the state to extend the reach of medical specialists, said Dr. Mark Williams,
chief medical officer for North Mississippi Health Services, which has four
facilities among the nine grant sites.

"We view it as a potential partnership," Williams said. "We may be able to be a
resource for them" with Tupelo-based specialists helping to provide coverage for
the state.

michaela.morris@journalinc.com

___ (c)2014 the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) Visit the
Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) at www.nems360.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140309-TP-Grant-connects-UMMC-to-rural-health-care-0309-20140309

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TP


               Copyright 2014 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal


                              50 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 The Free Lance-Star (Fredericksburg, Virginia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           August 31, 2016 Wednesday

Stafford social services receives grant to connect families with resources

BYLINE: Vanessa Remmers, The Free Lance-Star, Fredericksburg, Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 334 words


Aug. 31--Support is headed to Stafford County to help eligible families access
health insurance resources.

For the fifth year in a row, Stafford's social services department received a
grant from the Stafford Hospital Community Benefit Fund for the Stafford's
Health Insurance Enrollment program (SHINE).

This year's grant totaled $24,750 and doesn't require a local contribution.

The program connects eligible Stafford families and children with
state-sponsored health insurance programs such as Medicaid and Family Access to
Medical Insurance Security.

SHINE targets expectant mothers and families with children under age 18 in
households with income at or below 200 percent of the federal poverty level.

"Matching qualified individuals to available services is a priority for us,"
Director of Stafford Social Services Michael Muse said in a county press
release. "The Stafford Hospital Community Benefit Fund has been a wonderful
community partner for us and we appreciate the grant very much."

The funding allows the county's social services department to hire a part-time
benefit programs specialist over the grant's year-long period. The specialist
will provide one-on-one assistance and follow-up with prospective applicants and
work with Stafford schools and the county's health department to gather
referrals.

Applicants may obtain applications for Medicaid/FAMIS by picking up an
application from the Stafford DSS main office at the George L. Gordon Jr.
Government Center, 1300 Courthouse Road, or applying online at
commonhelp.virginia.gov.

The office is open Monday through Friday, 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. and is located on
a route served by the Fredericksburg Regional transit system. Interested
applicants may also request that an application be mailed to them.

Vanessa Remmers: 540/735-1975

vremmers@freelancestar.com

@staffordfls

___ (c)2016 The Free Lance-Star (Fredericksburg, Va.) Visit The Free Lance-Star
(Fredericksburg, Va.) at www.fredericksburg.com/flshome Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160831-FB-Stafford-social-services-receives-grant-to-connect
-families-with-resources-0831-20160831

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FB


                       Copyright 2016 The Free Lance-Star


                              51 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            January 21, 2008 Monday
                                NIAGARA EDITION

NY Connect aids senior citizens with care choices;
Program growing under state grant

BYLINE: By Thomas J. Prohaska - NEWS NIAGARA BUREAU

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 409 words

DATELINE: LOCKPORT


A state-funded program to assist senior citizens and others with long-term care
choices is growing here.

NY Connects Niagara County, started in December with a $75,000 state grant and
one employee, will add two part-time clerks as of March 1, if the County
Legislature approves. Its Community Services Committee did so last week.

The new jobs, to pay $13.95 an hour, will continue to be fully state-funded.

Christopher Richbart, director of the county Office of the Aging, said the
$75,000 grant is expected to be annually renewed by Albany.

"It is not a mandate, but every county in the state except Oswego County is
operating a 'NY Connects,' " said Suzette Rutherford, the county long-term care
coordinator heading the program.

Rutherford said the clerks will handle intake and answer the phone, leaving her
to concentrate on the actual service and outreach to get the NY Connects effort
better known in the community.

"The point of the program is to promote independence and provide unbiased
information," said Rutherford, a four-year county employee who transferred from
the Risk and Insurance Department to take over NY Connects.

"We have been told this is a very big push through [Gov.] Eliot Spitzer, to
reconfigure the whole long-term care system," Rutherford said. "I don't see it
going away anytime soon."

"It is a valuable program, which is why the county took advantage of the grant,"
said Legislator Danny W. Sklarski, D-Town of Niagara, chairman of the Community
Services Committee. "It does provide a valuable service for the seniors."

Rutherford said, "The program serves many more than seniors. It serves the
disabled of any age, physically and mentally."

Richbart said the county plans to expand information about long-term care
providers to a Web-based platform linked to Niagara County's main Web site.

"It's unbiased," he said. "The consumers can do whatever they want."

Richbart said in some counties, health care providers were wary of NY Connects
because they seemed to think it would act as a single exclusive point of entry
for would-be customers, undermining their own marketing efforts.

He credited Rutherford with explaining the program to the providers and winning
their support.

"There's been huge enthusiasm among the providers in Niagara County, which was
good but was a little surprising," Richbart said.

The information is available by calling 438-3030 or by sending e-mail to
nyconnects@niagaracounty.com

e-mail: tprohaska@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Cambridge Times

                           February 8, 2017 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Arts Connect Cambridge event to benefit six initiatives

SECTION: COMMUNITY; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 522  words


CAMBRIDGE - Two festivals, three groups and an individual artist will benefit
from ticket sales for Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat on March 1,
thanks to Arts Connect Cambridge.

"This year we had 14 applications for funding which we were delighted and
overwhelmed to see," said Arts Connect chair Donna Stewart. "We wanted make sure
the grants would be meaningful, so six projects were selected this year."

This year's grant recipients are Cambridge Arts Festival, Cambridge Arts Guild,
Cambridge Live Music, artist Dave Sopha, FRESH Stories and Forbes Park Music
Festival.

The grant to Cambridge Live Music will add a new dimension to the Guitars for
Kids campaign, which provides donated guitars to children in the community,
according to spokesperson Dan Walsh.

"What good is giving a kid a guitar if they don't know how to use it?" Walsh
said. " Cambridge Live Music will match the money we get from Arts Connect
Cambridge to provide each kid receiving a guitar with one free guitar lesson."

Walsh said Guitars for Kids has worked out a deal with Queen Street Music and
Ebolt Music so that 100 children will receive a lesson.

Cambridge Arts Festival funds will be used to create a new event, known as
Cambridge Arts Festival Collective, during this year's festival. The initiative
will see artists participate in a live art installation and exhibition.

Cambridge Arts Guild officials will be using the grant to expand programs to
include five performances for children during the year.

Forbes Park Festival organizers will use the money to expand programming to
include more local visual artists and musicians for its 20th anniversary this
year.

FRESH Stories is a storytelling community group working in partnership with the
Idea Exchange library. The funding will be used to cover professional artists'
fees and other costs associated with its Story Night program, hosted the third
Friday of each month at Monigram Coffee Roasters.

Cambridge artist Dave Sopha will use the grant money to expand on the theme of
his Portraits of Honour project, which honours the 158 Canadian Forces members
who died in Afghanistan. He intends to create portraits of two Canadian soldiers
who died in Lebanon and the RCMP officers who died in Haiti. Sopha's work isn't
stopping there, as he also plans to honour Canadian peacekeepers who died
serving in Syria, Cyprus, Egypt, the Golan Heights and elsewhere.

Arts Connect Cambridge is a volunteer committee dedicated to supporting the
local art community. It holds a major fundraising event each year and the
proceeds are used to supports its grants program.

Since 2013, Arts Connect Cambridge has worked in partnership with the Dunfield
Theatre to host a special fundraising event. During that time, more than 1,500
people have attend special performances at the theatre, raising $45,000 for the
organization.

Tickets to the March 1 performance of Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor
Dreamcoat cost $50 each for adults and $30 for youth, which includes a
reception.

For tickets, call 1-855-372-9866 and ask for the Arts Connect Cambridge
performance of "Joseph", or visit smarturl.it/arts-connect.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2017 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Cambridge Times

                            February 3, 2017 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Arts Connect Cambridge event to benefit six initiatives

SECTION: COMMUNITY; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 523  words


CAMBRIDGE - Two festivals, three groups and an individual artist will benefit
from ticket sales for Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat on March 1,
thanks to Arts Connect Cambridge.

"This year we had 14 applications for funding which we were delighted and
overwhelmed to see," said Arts Connect chair Donna Stewart. "We wanted make sure
the grants would be meaningful, so six projects were selected this year."

This year's grant recipients are Cambridge Arts Festival, Cambridge Arts Guild,
Cambridge Live Music, artist Dave Sopha, FRESH Stories and Forbes Park Music
Festival.

The grant to Cambridge Live Music will add a new dimension to the Guitars for
Kids campaign, which provides donated guitars to children in the community,
according to spokesperson Dan Walsh.

"What good is giving a kid a guitar if they don't know how to use it?" Walsh
said. " Cambridge Live Music will match the money we get from Arts Connect
Cambridge to provide each kid receiving a guitar with one free guitar lesson."

Walsh said Guitars for Kids has worked out a deal with Queen Street Music and
Ebolt Music so that 100 children will receive a lesson.

Cambridge Arts Festival funds will be used to create a new event, known as
Cambridge Arts Festival Collective, during this year's festival. The initiative
will see artists participate in a live art installation and exhibition.

Cambridge Arts Guild officials will be using the grant to expand programs to
include five performances for children during the year.

Forbes Park Festival organizers will use the money to expand programming to
include more local visual artists and musicians for its 20th anniversary this
year.

FRESH Stories is a storytelling community group working in partnership with the
Idea Exchange library. The funding will be used to cover professional artists'
fees and other costs associated with its Story Night program, hosted the third
Friday of each month at Monigram's Coffee Roasters Café.

Cambridge artist Dave Sopha will use the grant money to expand on the theme of
his Portraits of Honour project, which honours the 158 Canadian Forces members
who died in Afghanistan. He intends to create portraits of two Canadian soldiers
who died in Lebanon and the RCMP officers who died in Haiti. Sopha's work isn't
stopping there, as he also plans to honour Canadian peacekeepers who died
serving in Syria, Cyprus, Egypt, the Golan Heights and elsewhere.

Arts Connect Cambridge is a volunteer committee dedicated to supporting the
local art community. It holds a major fundraising event each year and the
proceeds are used to supports its grants program.

Since 2013, Arts Connect Cambridge has worked in partnership with the Dunfield
Theatre to host a special fundraising event. During that time, more than 1,500
people have attend special performances at the theatre, raising $45,000 for the
organization.

Tickets to the March 1 performance of Joseph and the Amazing Technicolor
Dreamcoat cost $50 each for adults and $30 for youth, which includes a
reception.

For tickets, call 1-855-372-9866 and ask for the Arts Connect Cambridge
performance of "Joseph", or visit smarturl.it/arts-connect.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2017 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Whyalla News

                             June 20, 2013 Thursday

Whyalla registered charities have one more chance to

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 294 words


Whyalla registered charities have one more chance to apply for substantial
grants, but applications need to be in quick.

Australia Post recently launched its new community program, Our Neighbourhood,
with the announcement of a national grants program.

Grants of between $1000 and $25,000 are available for registered charities and
community organisations in Northern South Australia to support their local
projects.

Australia Post is calling for organisations to submit their applications for an
Our Neighbourhood Community Grant before the closing date of Friday, June 28,
2013.

Grants will be awarded to organisations with projects that help connect
communities and foster inclusion across Australian neighbourhoods.

Australia Post plays an essential role in connecting Australian neighbourhoods
and understands the importance of investing at a grass roots level.

"We want to provide people with the financial support, tools and resources that
will assist them in building healthier, more vibrant and inclusive communities,"
Australia Post Managing Director and CEO Ahmed Fahour said.

"These grants are just one initiative of a broader plan to further support
Australian neighbourhoods and get them to connect with each other."

The Our Neighbourhood program provides opportunities for people from varying
backgrounds and communities.

With a focus on local, it will also extend to regional and remote, the
disadvantaged, culturally diverse individuals and communities and small
business.

The Our Neighbourhood Community Grants applications are now open and will close
on Friday, June 28, 2013 at 5pm (AEST).

To apply for an Our Neighbourhood Community Grant and to find out more visit
www.ourneighbourhood.com.au or pick up an Application Kit at any Australia Post
retail outlet.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2013 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                  Warwick & Southern Downs Weekly (Queensland)

                                 June 19, 2013

Australia Post helps to foster inclusion

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 231  words


AUSTRALIA Post recently launched its new community program - Our Neighbourhood
with the announcement of a national grants program.

Grants of between $1000 and $25,000 are available for registered charities and
community organisations in south-east Queensland to support their local
projects.

Australia Post is calling for organisations to submit their applications for an
Our Neighbourhood community grant before the closing date of Friday, June 28.

Grants will be awarded to organisations with projects that help connect
communities and foster inclusion across Australian neighbourhoods.

Australia Post plays an essential role in connecting all Australian
neighbourhoods.

It understands the importance of investing at a grassroots level.

"We want to provide people with the financial support, tools and resources that
will assist them in building healthier, more vibrant and inclusive communities.

"These grants are just one initiative of a broader plan to further support
Australian neighbourhoods and get them to connect with each other," said Mr
Ahmed Fahour, Australia Post managing director and CEO.

To apply for an Our Neighbourhood Community Grant and to find out more, visit
www.ourneigh

bourhood.com.au or pick up an Application Kit at any Australia Post retail
outlet.

FIND OUT MORE

Visit www.ourneigh

-bourhood.com.au or pick up an Application Kit at any Australia Post retail
outlet.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WWT


                    Copyright 2013 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                              April 1, 2013 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Prevention projects on mend; Anti-crime initiatives receive grants

BYLINE: Jason Van Rassel, Calgary Herald

SECTION: CITY & REGION; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 534 words


Several crime prevention pilot projects are managing to take flight on their own
following the end of a provincial grant program which provided them with startup
money.

Among them, a referral service for victims of domestic violence and sexual
assault once in danger of closing this month will now have enough money to stay
open at least until the end of the year.

Several Calgary organizations involved in the Connect Family and Sexual Abuse
Network are contributing their own resources to continue operating its telephone
helpline, which fielded 3,000 calls last year.

"We're committed to keeping it going," said Kevin Mc-Nichol of HomeFront
Calgary, one of the agencies involved in the Connect network.

Connect is one of 88 projects across Alberta that received up to three years of
startup funding from the province's Safe Communities Innovation Fund.

The fund distributed approximately $64 million since its creation in 2008,
including one-time bridge funding to continue some projects past their original
three-year mandate.

But this year is the last one planned for the fund, with 28 projects sharing a
final $6.7-million allotment.

"These programs were designed to last a specific period of time," Justice
Minister and Solicitor General Jonathan Denis said.

Although grant recipients knew the funding was finite, finding ways to replace
the provincial cash has been harder for some agencies than others.

In Connect's case, a $160,000 grant from the United Way of Calgary will help
keep things going this year, but it also had to eliminate two staff positions.

Instead, partner agencies are contributing employees on their own payroll to
staff the phone line.

"It's going to be a tough slog," McNichol said, adding Connect's partner
agencies still have to find a way to keep things going beyond this year.

"It's our year-to-year job to find funding to keep programs alive," he said.

Other Safe Communities pilot projects appear to have a more certain financial
future - and in one case, may even expand.

The Calgary Police Service has committed money from its own budget to help
maintain several initiatives started with Safe Communities seed money, including
the domestic conflict response team.

The unit, which pairs police officers and social workers who work with families
before their domestic problems escalate into violence, was widely considered a
success during its pilot phase.

Since its establishment in 2009, officials estimate the team has decreased the
number of high-risk calls and cases requiring ongoing police involvement by up
to 75 per cent.

"The police and our partners are strongly committed and there's likely going to
be an expansion of that across the city," McNichol said.

The Child Advocacy Centre, a partnership between police, prosecutors, child
welfare authorities and Alberta Health Services, opened last year with the help
of a $1.5 million grant from the Safe Communities fund.

Although the grants are done, Calgary police Chief Rick Hanson said the ideas
and collaborations created by the safe communities fund will continue to benefit
people for years.

"The resulting successes were amazing and a model for the future," Hanson said.

jvanrassel@calgaryherald. com

Twitter: JasonvanRassel

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / Kevin McNichol;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2013 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 4, 2013 Friday

Oregon: Nature in Neighborhoods conservation education grants available for
projects that connect people with nature

LENGTH: 336  words

DATELINE: Salem


City of Metro, The State of Oregon has issued the following news release:

Want to teach people about nature, create local community partnerships or foster
leaders to connect people with water quality, fish and wildlife habitat in the
Portland metropolitan area?  Do you need funding to make your idea a reality?
Apply for Metro's Nature in Neighborhoods conservation education grants.

Small grants up to $25,000 and large grants up to $100,000 will support
partnerships that connect communities with nature. A wide variety of projects
can fit the bill, from nature education for school-aged children in local
natural areas to job skill development for nature-based careers to
implementation of region-wide conservation education initiatives. Wherever you
live, you can bring people closer to the natural world.

Conservation education programs that benefit Metro-area residents are eligible.
Individuals, community groups, businesses, neighborhoods, nonprofits, schools
and school groups, government agencies, faith groups and service groups with
nonprofit or other tax-exempt status can all apply.

Fill out a simple application by Jan. 14, 2014 at www.oregonmetro.gov/grants.
Your proposal will be reviewed by Metro staff and professionals with backgrounds
in restoration, conservation education, grant management, finance, volunteer
coordination, project planning and community partnerships. Finalists will be
invited to submit a detailed application and, in May, the Metro Council will
award about $700,000 to conservation education projects across the region.

Funding for Nature in Neighborhoods grants more than doubled this year, thanks
to voter approval of Metro's parks and natural areas levy in May. The levy
includes $3.7 million during the next five years to support community
partnerships.

To learn more and ask questions, attend a grant workshop from 5:30 to 7:30 p.m.
on Thursday, Nov. 14 at Metro Regional Center, 600 NE Grand Ave. in Portland.

For further information please visit: http://news.oregonmetro.go

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           The Nowata Star (Oklahoma)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 19, 2013

Grant applications for rural broadband now being accepted

BYLINE: Nowata Star staff

LENGTH: 604  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack has announced that applications are being
accepted for grants to finance broadband deployment in remote, rural areas.

The United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) remains focused on carrying
out its mission, despite a time of significant budget uncertainty. Today's
announcement is one part of the Department's efforts to strengthen the rural
economy.

"The Obama Administration believes that reliable infrastructure is critical to
rural economic opportunity. Broadband service expands educational, medical and
health services for rural residents," Vilsack said.

"Expanded broadband service also is important because it supports employment
opportunities and makes income growth possible in rural areas."

Through this notice, USDA Rural Development may award up to $21 million in
grants through the Community Connect Grant program. It serves rural communities
where broadband service is not available, but where it can make a tremendous
difference in the quality of life for citizens.

For example, last year USDA provided a grant to the isolated Alaska Native
Community of Saint Paul.

Located in Alaska's Pribilof Islands in the Bering Sea, the town of about 500 is
installing a modern system, and the Native-owned operating firm estimates that
in the next five years Internet access will result in saving or creating an
estimated additional 44 full time jobs including the five existing jobs on the
island.

The project will also support 23 construction and clerical jobs.

Complementing today's funding opportunity, USDA recently announced new rules to
better target Community Connect broadband grants to areas where they are needed
the most.

Since its inception, the Community Connect program has funded 229 projects with
USDA investments of $122 million. In 2012, USDA assistance led to improved
broadband service nationwide for nearly 65,000 rural households, businesses and
community institutions such as libraries, schools and first responders.

For more information, see page 34979 of the June 11, 2013 Federal Register. The
deadline for submitting applications is July 11.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities.

Under the President's leadership, these investments in housing, community
facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America to
continue leading the way strengtheningAmerica's economy, small towns and rural
communities.

USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that
stands as the backbone of our American values.

President Obama and Agriculture Secretary Vilsack are committed to a smarter use
of Federal resources to foster sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the
government is a strong partner for businesses, entrepreneurs and working
families in rural communities.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has a portfolio of programs
designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses,
residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural
America.

USDA has made a concerted effort to deliver results for the American people,
even as USDA implements sequestration the across-the-board budget reductions
mandated under terms of the Budget Control Act.

USDA has already undertaken historic efforts since 2009 to save more than $828
million in taxpayer funds through targeted, common-sense budgetreductions.

These reductions have put USDA in a better position to carry out its mission,
while implementing sequester budget reductions in a fair manner that causes as
little disruption as possible.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NOW

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2013 The Nowata Star


                              59 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 19, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Community Connect Broadband Grant Program

LENGTH: 249  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines  Jul 11, 2013
Contact

Kenneth Kuchno
Director
Phone: 202.690.4673
Email: community.connect@wdc.usda.gov
Purpose

The Community Connect Grant Program provides grants to applicants that will
provide currently unserved areas remote or rural areas with broadband service
that fosters economic growth and delivers enhanced educational, health care, and
public safety services.

Grant funds may be used to finance the following:

The construction, acquisition, or leasing of facilities, including spectrum,
land or buildings, used to deploy service at the Broadband Grant Speed to all
residential and business customers located within the Proposed Funded Service
Area
    The improvement, expansion, construction, or acquisition of a Community
Center and provision of Computer Access Points
    The cost of providing the necessary bandwidth for service free of charge to
the Critical Community Facilities for 2 years

Eligibility

Eligible entities include:

Incorporated organizations
    Indian tribes or tribal organizations
    State or local units of government
    Cooperatives, private corporations or limited liability companies organized
on a for-profit or not-for-profit basis.

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Amount available: $10,372,000
Award Ceiling: $100,000
Award Floor: $1,500,000

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              60 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Redland City Bulletin

                                 March 24, 2015

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 189  words


SOCIAL network Nabo has launched its first grant program in Queensland and is
urging Redlands residents and community groups to join the network and apply for
$10,000 in funding.

Nabo is a free neighbourhood social network that enables residents and community
organisations to directly connect online with others in their communities.

The Nabo Community Grant Program will provide up to $10,000 in funding to a
local project or group which best demonstrates the way it connects to its local
community, works for the inclusion of marginalised Australians, or helps the
community prepare or respond to a disaster.

This could include anything from health education classes for locals, flood
response to projects or support programs for the elderly.

Nabo founder and CEO Adam Rigby said the social networks aim was to connect more
people and organisations in their local communities.

For more information and to apply for a grant visit www.nabo.com.au

Grant applications close on Sunday, April 5.

"The project or group that will receive the $10,000 will be unique, innovative
and have a forward-thinking approach to meeting a local need," he said.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              61 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                      The Maryborough Herald (Queensland)

                                  May 16, 2013

New grants program

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 328  words



HIGHLIGHT: Australia Post launches Our Neighbourhood to help charities, groups


AUSTRALIA Post is celebrating the launch of its new community program - Our
Neighbourhood - with a grants program open to all Fraser Coast neighbourhoods.

Our Neighbourhood builds on Australia Post's commitment to community which has
spanned the last two centuries and includes a national network of 4428 retail
outlets and more than 33,000 friendly staff who touch communities across the
country each and every day.

"For over 200 years, we have helped communities connect with each other and
governments across the country connect with customers and citizens," said Mr
Fahour, Australia Post managing director and CEO.

"Fostering more inclusive communities will be at the heart of Our Neighbourhood.

"It is our way of ensuring we provide continued support for communities to stay
connected, both physically and digitally."

The program will also focus on projects which maintain diverse, inclusive
workplaces that value the contribution made by people from different backgrounds
and neighbourhoods.

One of the initiatives of Our Neighbourhood is a new local grants program.

Eligible registered charities and community organisations are invited to apply
for grants of between $1000 and $25,000 to support local projects.

"This is an Australia Post first; a truly localised program that will provide
people with the financial support, tools and resources that will assist them in
building healthier, more vibrant and inclusive communities," Mr Fahour said.

Some examples of potential Our Neighbourhood Community Grants program projects
include targeted education programs, support for communities to better
understand and manage changing technologies or assistance for Australian small
businesses to further develop business and management skills.

Our Neighbourhood Community Grants are open for applications and will close on
June 28 at 5pm.

To apply or find out more log on to www.ourneigh bourhood.com.au or pick up an
application kit at Australia Post Bazaar or Pallas St.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FMH


                    Copyright 2013 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              62 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Hendricks County Flyer (Avon, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 28, 2012 Friday

Happy trails

BYLINE: Bart Doan, Hendricks County Flyer, Avon, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 632 words


Sept. 28--BROWNSBURG -- Buoyed by a new Bicentennial Nature Trust grant, the B&O
Trail is back on the expansion path. The funds will be used to connect what
right now is the trail's biggest gap, which is near the tunnel under Ronald
Reagan Parkway connecting Brownsburg and Avon.

The Bicentennial Nature Trust was announced earlier this year in Gov. Mitch
Daniels' State of the State address and is a summation of $20 million to be used
for conservation projects in every corner of the state. There were 14 applicants
and the B&O Trails Association was one of 12 who were accepted.

"I said hallelujah," said B&O Trails Association President Diana Virgil upon
hearing they had received the grant. "This is just a purchase, so the first
thing Brownsburg and the BOTA need to decide is how we are going to buy it,
according to INDOT standards or not. But this is one of the questions we always
get, when are you going to connect the two?"

The grant will be used to connect the mile gap just outside the tunnel to County
Road 300 North and then another 3/4 of a mile west.

"We apply for anything that's out there and occasionally get it," Virgil said.
"Any time we hear that money is available for land purchase, we definitely
apply."

The group received $155,950, which Virgil says is about half of what they need.
They will independently raise the rest.

"We are still in the process of raising funds," Virgil said. "This will be the
major connection to the Ronald Reagan Parkway when it's built."

Virgil said the Nature Trust can be applied for quarterly, until all of the
money designated to be given is gone. No application can exceed $300,000.

"This is wonderful," Virgil said. "Mitch has done a wonderful job. When we gave
our presentation (for the grant) and we talked about it, Mitch Daniels had put
money into part of that. I'm actually very impressed that he has put so much
emphasis on land for public use."

Phil Parnin, director of the Brownsburg Parks and Recreation, said he's excited
about what the grant will mean for residents of the town.

"The grant that B&O was able to get obviously helps us further the number one
unmet need in our community and that's trails and connectivity," Parnin said.
"That's why establishing a partnership between the B&O and Brownsburg Parks and
Recreation was important. I think we're both striving to accomplish addressing
the unmet needs, as far as connectivity and trails. Obviously, the B&O has a
farther reaching benefit to overall Hendricks County than we do, so when our
missions align and the purpose by which we are driven, it only makes sense to
partner and pool resources."

The gap to be completed is one of the more picturesque, community-involved
aspects of the trail. The tunnel is adorned with painted works of art in
sections by members of the community. Tri-West students have painted part of it
and Brownsburg and Avon students have a section to be completed as well.

In addition to the headway made in connectivity in Hendricks County, Virgil said
the goal is to push connections to Speedway and Marion County, something she
says has been on the minds of trail patrons since the 1990s.

"We have so many people say 'I want to be able to ride my bike to work in
Speedway and downtown,'" she said. "You've got to connect to the population in
Marion County. We want to connect all of the trails. We can connect to the Eagle
Creek Trail eventually. It'll be wonderful for people that want to walk and ride
their bikes."

They're already off to a good start. The group was awarded Thursday afternoon
with a $5,000 check from the Hendricks County Community Foundation to put toward
the purchase.

___ (c)2012 the Hendricks County Flyer (Avon, Ind.) Visit the Hendricks County
Flyer (Avon, Ind.) at www.flyergroup.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120928-FX-Happy-trails-0928-20120928

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FX


                     Copyright 2012 Hendricks County Flyer


                              63 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                North West Star

                            June 19, 2013 Wednesday

Charities urged to apply for share of funds

SECTION: P5; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 266 words


COMMUNITY organisations and charities throughout Mount Isa are being encouraged
to apply for funding through the new Australia Post grants program.

The Our Neighbourhood program offers grants between $1000 and $25,000 for
eligible groups, with submissions due before Friday June 28.

Grants will be awarded to organisations with projects that help connect
communities and foster inclusion across Australian neighbourhoods.

Australia Post Managing Director and CEO Mr Ahmed Fahour said Australia Post
plays an essential role in connecting Australian neighbourhoods and understands
the importance of investing at a grass roots level.

"We want to provide people with the financial support, tools and resources that
will assist them in building healthier, more vibrant and inclusive communities,
"he said.

"These grants are just one initiative of a broader plan to further support
Australian neighbourhoods and get them to connect with each other."

The focus for the grants will be on local communities, regional and remote
communities, socially disadvantaged groups, Indigenous Australians, culturally
and linguistically diverse groups, people living with a disability and small
businesses with up to 20 employees.

Owner manager of Mount Isa East Post Office Lyn White said she thought the
grants were a good opportunity for Mount Isa groups to seek funding.

"It is good to see Australia Post are giving something back to the community, so
if people want to get online and see what they can get, I say go for it," she
said.

n To apply for an Our Neighbourhood Community Grant visit
www.ourneighbourhood.com.au.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2013 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              64 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                North West Star

                            June 19, 2013 Wednesday

Charities urged to apply for share of funds

SECTION: P5; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 266 words


COMMUNITY organisations and charities throughout Mount Isa are being encouraged
to apply for funding through the new Australia Post grants program.

The Our Neighbourhood program offers grants between $1000 and $25,000 for
eligible groups, with submissions due before Friday June 28.

Grants will be awarded to organisations with projects that help connect
communities and foster inclusion across Australian neighbourhoods.

Australia Post Managing Director and CEO Mr Ahmed Fahour said Australia Post
plays an essential role in connecting Australian neighbourhoods and understands
the importance of investing at a grass roots level.

"We want to provide people with the financial support, tools and resources that
will assist them in building healthier, more vibrant and inclusive communities,
"he said.

"These grants are just one initiative of a broader plan to further support
Australian neighbourhoods and get them to connect with each other."

The focus for the grants will be on local communities, regional and remote
communities, socially disadvantaged groups, Indigenous Australians, culturally
and linguistically diverse groups, people living with a disability and small
businesses with up to 20 employees.

Owner manager of Mount Isa East Post Office Lyn White said she thought the
grants were a good opportunity for Mount Isa groups to seek funding.

"It is good to see Australia Post are giving something back to the community, so
if people want to get online and see what they can get, I say go for it," she
said.

n To apply for an Our Neighbourhood Community Grant visit
www.ourneighbourhood.com.au.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2013 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              65 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                North West Star

                            June 19, 2013 Wednesday

Charities urged to apply for share of funds

SECTION: P5; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 266 words


COMMUNITY organisations and charities throughout Mount Isa are being encouraged
to apply for funding through the new Australia Post grants program.

The Our Neighbourhood program offers grants between $1000 and $25,000 for
eligible groups, with submissions due before Friday June 28.

Grants will be awarded to organisations with projects that help connect
communities and foster inclusion across Australian neighbourhoods.

Australia Post Managing Director and CEO Mr Ahmed Fahour said Australia Post
plays an essential role in connecting Australian neighbourhoods and understands
the importance of investing at a grass roots level.

"We want to provide people with the financial support, tools and resources that
will assist them in building healthier, more vibrant and inclusive communities,
"he said.

"These grants are just one initiative of a broader plan to further support
Australian neighbourhoods and get them to connect with each other."

The focus for the grants will be on local communities, regional and remote
communities, socially disadvantaged groups, Indigenous Australians, culturally
and linguistically diverse groups, people living with a disability and small
businesses with up to 20 employees.

Owner manager of Mount Isa East Post Office Lyn White said she thought the
grants were a good opportunity for Mount Isa groups to seek funding.

"It is good to see Australia Post are giving something back to the community, so
if people want to get online and see what they can get, I say go for it," she
said.

n To apply for an Our Neighbourhood Community Grant visit
www.ourneighbourhood.com.au.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2013 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Crain's Detroit Business

                                 March 31, 2008

David Cherry, 26

BYLINE: Amy Lane

SECTION: FOCUS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 480 Words


Program development officer

The Guidance Center, Southgate

Claim to fame: Writing grant requests that have brought more than $5.5 million
to metro Detroit community organizations.

Next step: To help The Guidance Center increase its community focus and find new
ways to expand services across Wayne County.

David Cherry spends a lot of time doing research and writing that brings money
back to his hometown region.

It's an occupation that the Oakland University history and political science
graduate first entered as a college intern at City Connect Detroit, an
organization that helps metro Detroit nonprofits and governments obtain funding
from national sources and promotes collaboration among nonprofits, governments,
businesses, grant-makers and others.

Hired after graduation as a full-time City Connect program associate and grant
writer, Cherry said he gained valuable experience, not only in preparing grant
requests but with involvement in development, planning, training and other
initiatives.

At City Connect Detroit, Cherry wrote more than $3 million in successful grant
requests. They included a $1 million request that supported a Michigan Community
Service Commission program to promote service involvement and Michigan's
nonprofit infrastructure to college students.

``I never thought about working for a nonprofit in my life, until I bumped into
one,'' Cherry said. ``Nonprofits are a very big part of the Michigan economy.''

In April 2007, Cherry became a grant writer for The Guidance Center, an agency
that provides behavioral health, substance abuse and community outreach services
to children, adults and families.

Through the center, Cherry helped obtain $1 million for the Detroit-Wayne County
Community Mental Health Agency to improve the coordination of mental-health
services provided to children by a variety of agencies.

Another grant application brought in $1 million, spread over five years, to help
the Guidance Center identify and promote emerging practices that improve
mental-health care. That initiative includes town hall meetings, a statewide
conference and speakers bureau, recording and disseminating individuals'
testimonials and development of a Web site.

A third grant request secured $500,000 to help the Guidance Center promote the
values of marriage and healthy family relationships to parents of children in
Head Start programs.

``I always get a kick out of seeing a grant come to fruition,'' he said. ``I
just would like to see the city and region develop and prosper.''

***

Why he lives in metro Detroit

``It is my hometown. ... I feel I should be an ambassador for it, as it has
given me so much. Density breeds inclusion and vitality, despite the national
concept we have today of poor urban areas. I love Detroit because it is my home,
it is developed, and it provides a model of efficiency and livability that
should be emulated, not destroyed.''

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: db


                      Copyright 2008 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           September 1, 2016 Thursday

Connect to Community, Inc. receives $1,000 Rotary grant

BYLINE: Submitted by Linda Hall

SECTION: NEIGHBOR; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 232 words


Connect to Community, Inc., a nonprofit organization serving young adults with
developmental disabilities, has received a $1,000 community grant from the
Rotary Club of Arlington Heights.

Funds will be used in support of their Customized Employment initiative,
specifically toward the creation of a Procedural Binder, which will make the
process more efficient and consistent.

Founded in 2013 by four mothers, Connect to Community is dedicated to finding
and facilitating purposeful employment and enjoyment for adults with
disabilities. CTC provides social and volunteer opportunities for its clients,
as well as educational outreach for families through monthly seminars and tours
and an annual Transition Summit.

It is currently piloting its Customized Employment program and looks forward to
working with additional jobseekers in the coming months.

Customized Employment is defined by the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of
Disability Employment Policy as a means of individualizing the employment
relationship between employees and employers in ways that meet the needs of
both.

CTC's mission is aligned with the national Employment First initiative, which
states that employment in the community should be the first and preferred option
for individuals with disabilities.

For information about Connect to Community, email
ConnectToCommunityInc@gmail.com or visit www.ConnectToCommunityInc.org.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              68 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Mail Tribune (Medford, Oregon)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 11, 2016 Thursday

$1.5 million in grants awarded to Jackson County health groups

BYLINE: Ryan Pfeil, Mail Tribune, Medford, Ore.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 440 words


Feb. 11--Several Jackson County hospitals, addiction-recovery organizations and
community health centers received $1.5 million in grant funds this month.

Nonprofit Jackson Care Connect said the 10 grant awards -- which range from
$95,000 to $250,000 each -- are intended to improve patients' transition from
hospitalization to outside care, access to specialty doctors, and coordination
among medical providers.

Dr. Anne Alftine, JCC director of clinical integration, said the grants come
from Medicaid funds the agency was able to save. It's the second time Jackson
Care Connect has administered a round of health-related grants, she added, with
six programs receiving money three years ago.

"We did some evaluations of what worked and what didn't, made some improvements
to the process and did the second round," Alftine said. "Any time we do have
shared savings, we look at how we can redirect and reinvest those."

Three of the grants will go to Asante Rogue Regional Medical Center and
Providence Medford Medical Center. The money will pay for resources and
personnel intended to help steer patients just discharged from a hospital toward
the proper services for additional care they need after hospital treatments.

"It gives them a point person," said Jackson Care Connect spokeswoman Julie
Raefield. "They're creating a team that has structure to it."

Agencies receiving money that will go toward expanding access to specialty care
include La Clinica, Addictions Recovery Center and Rogue Community Health.

La Clinica will utilize the money to provide advanced training for primary care
doctors and bolster coordination with specialists.

Addictions Recovery Center's phone access and provider availability will
increase "so that it is available the moment a person makes the decision to
recover," according to a news release.

Rogue Community Health's grant will provide additional dental health services
for Jackson County residents and students in the Eagle Point School District.

Other funds will be directed toward OnTrack programs, Family Nurturing Center,
and the nonprofit Legal Aid, intended to expand medical care and legal services
for those who need legal guardianship.

Providence Medford Medical Center and Mercy Flights will receive funds to
coordinate on a program intended to steer patients who make frequent visits to
the emergency room toward other nonemergency care programs.

Reach reporter Ryan Pfeil at 541-776-4468 or rpfeil@mailtribune.com Follow him
at www.twitter.com/ryanpfeil.

___ (c)2016 the Mail Tribune (Medford, Ore.) Visit the Mail Tribune (Medford,
Ore.) at www.mailtribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160211-ME-1.5-million-in-grants
-awarded-to-Jackson-County-health-groups-0211-20160211

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ME


                          Copyright 2016 Mail Tribune


                              69 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 18, 2016 Monday

Minnesota: Grants awarded to focus on awareness, support for people with
Alzheimer's, caregivers

LENGTH: 1053  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Saint Paul: The Department of Human Services, Minnisota has issued the
following news release:


 A new Minnesota Board on Aging grant program will help community organizations
raise awareness about Alzheimer's and other forms of dementia and serve
caregivers of people who have the diseases.



 The 2015 Legislature appropriated $1.5 million, which will be used now through
June 30, 2017, to raise awareness of Alzheimer's disease, increase the rate of
cognitive testing in the population at risk for dementias, promote the benefits
of early diagnosis and connect caregivers to education and resources.

 "Alzheimer's alone impacts some 89,000 Minnesotans over age 65 and the number
is growing," said Jean Wood, executive director of the Minnesota Board on Aging.
"These grants promote a more supportive environment for people with dementia,
including resources for their caregivers."

 All of the 20 projects funded have awareness-raising efforts, including using
theater to educate Latino communities about dementia and a social media platform
to do outreach to the Korean community. Other grantees will promote the benefits
of early diagnosis of dementia and offer early identification memory screenings
within senior public housing facilities; engage with businesses to identify
working caregivers; and promote safe exercise programs for people with
Alzheimer's.

 Grantees are diverse in being equal parts urban and rural, with some
specifically responsive to the cultural norms and values of African-American,
American Indian, Korean, Lao, Latino and Somali cultures. Grantees include
educational institutions, public health boards, long-term care providers and
community organizations.

 Grantees and their awards are:



  A.C.E. of Southwest Minnesota, Slayton, $93,000 for a five-county project
including dementia education for consumers and health care providers, early
identification screening and caregiver services and resources, while being
responsive to American Indian and Hispanic individuals.

  Age Well Arrowhead Inc., Duluth, $49,999 for dementia education to local
employers and their employees and support and resources for working caregivers.

  Centro Tyrone Guzman, Minneapolis, $88,500 for Spanish-based dementia
education, including theater for caregivers, and other support and resources.

  Chippewa County Montevideo Hospital, Montevideo, $17,374 to increase access to
a memory clinic for Hispanic individuals; provide dementia education, including
Virtual Dementia Tours; and connect caregivers to services and resources.

  Comunidades Latinas Unidas En Servicio, St. Paul, $49,999 for outreach and
dementia education and to connect Latino caregivers to services and resources.

  East Side Neighborhood Services, Inc., Minneapolis, $49,953 to offer dementia
education to the organization's employees and volunteers who provide services to
seniors at home and to provide education, support and resources to other
caregivers.

  Helping Hands Outreach, Holdingford, $49,713 to offer dementia education,
early identification screening, cognitive testing with health care providers and
to connect caregivers to services and resources.

  Isanti County Public Health, Cambridge, $138,944 for 10 organizations to offer
dementia education, early identification screening, add a dementia electronic
medical records process, connect caregivers to services and resources and
promote tracking technology for the search and rescue of individuals with
cognitive disorders.

  Jewish Family and Children's Services of Minneapolis, Minnetonka, $135,000 to
offer dementia education and early identification memory screening and to
connect caregivers to services and resources while being responsive to Jewish,
Russian-speaking and Somali individuals.

  Jones-Harrison Residence, Minneapolis, $49,504 to offer dementia education for
LGBT individuals and create appropriate key messages for the LGBT community.

  Koochiching Aging Options, International Falls, $40,646 to offer dementia
education, partner with health care providers to establish referral protocols
and connect caregivers to services and resources.

  Korean Service Center, Lauderdale, $91,543, for outreach to the Korean
community using social media, provide dementia education and connect caregivers
to services and resources responsive to Korean individuals.

  Lao Advancement Organization of America, Minneapolis, $49,994, to offer
dementia education using technology, outreach to businesses and to connect
caregivers to services and resources responsive to Lao individuals.

  Mid-Minnesota Development Commission, Willmar, $49,999 to offer dementia
education to residents and businesses, establish a Memory Cafe and to connect
caregivers to services and resources while being responsive to Hispanic and
Somali individuals.

  Morrison-Todd-Wadena Community Health Board, Little Falls, $49,825 for three
county public health agencies to offer dementia education to the public and
professionals using numerous media outlets and to assess communities' readiness
to become dementia friendly.

  Northwoods Interfaith Volunteer Caregivers Program, Bemidji, $149,508 for
dementia education, early identification screening, cognitive testing with
healthcare providers and to connect caregivers to services and resources
responsive to American Indian and LGBT individuals.

  University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, $92,313 to support caregivers and
improve dementia care while being responsive to Hispanic individuals.

  University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, $73,500 to train exercise coaches for
individuals with Alzheimer's disease.

  Three Rivers Community Action, Inc., Zumbrota, $49,989 to offer dementia
education and early identification screening, create a dementia resource toolkit
and connect caregivers to services and resources while being responsive to
Hispanic and Somali individuals.

  Volunteers of America of Minnesota, Minneapolis, $130,697 to offer dementia
education, offer early identification screening in Minneapolis public housing
senior high rises, create a dementia resource toolkit and connect caregivers to
services and resources while being responsive to African-American and Somali
individuals.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 15, 2016 Friday

Minnesota: Grants awarded to focus on awareness, support for people with
Alzheimer's, caregivers

LENGTH: 1053  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Saint Paul: The Department of Human Services, Minnisota has issued the
following news release:


 A new Minnesota Board on Aging grant program will help community organizations
raise awareness about Alzheimer's and other forms of dementia and serve
caregivers of people who have the diseases.



 The 2015 Legislature appropriated $1.5 million, which will be used now through
June 30, 2017, to raise awareness of Alzheimer's disease, increase the rate of
cognitive testing in the population at risk for dementias, promote the benefits
of early diagnosis and connect caregivers to education and resources.

 "Alzheimer's alone impacts some 89,000 Minnesotans over age 65 and the number
is growing," said Jean Wood, executive director of the Minnesota Board on Aging.
"These grants promote a more supportive environment for people with dementia,
including resources for their caregivers."

 All of the 20 projects funded have awareness-raising efforts, including using
theater to educate Latino communities about dementia and a social media platform
to do outreach to the Korean community. Other grantees will promote the benefits
of early diagnosis of dementia and offer early identification memory screenings
within senior public housing facilities; engage with businesses to identify
working caregivers; and promote safe exercise programs for people with
Alzheimer's.

 Grantees are diverse in being equal parts urban and rural, with some
specifically responsive to the cultural norms and values of African-American,
American Indian, Korean, Lao, Latino and Somali cultures. Grantees include
educational institutions, public health boards, long-term care providers and
community organizations.

 Grantees and their awards are:



  A.C.E. of Southwest Minnesota, Slayton, $93,000 for a five-county project
including dementia education for consumers and health care providers, early
identification screening and caregiver services and resources, while being
responsive to American Indian and Hispanic individuals.

  Age Well Arrowhead Inc., Duluth, $49,999 for dementia education to local
employers and their employees and support and resources for working caregivers.

  Centro Tyrone Guzman, Minneapolis, $88,500 for Spanish-based dementia
education, including theater for caregivers, and other support and resources.

  Chippewa County Montevideo Hospital, Montevideo, $17,374 to increase access to
a memory clinic for Hispanic individuals; provide dementia education, including
Virtual Dementia Tours; and connect caregivers to services and resources.

  Comunidades Latinas Unidas En Servicio, St. Paul, $49,999 for outreach and
dementia education and to connect Latino caregivers to services and resources.

  East Side Neighborhood Services, Inc., Minneapolis, $49,953 to offer dementia
education to the organization's employees and volunteers who provide services to
seniors at home and to provide education, support and resources to other
caregivers.

  Helping Hands Outreach, Holdingford, $49,713 to offer dementia education,
early identification screening, cognitive testing with health care providers and
to connect caregivers to services and resources.

  Isanti County Public Health, Cambridge, $138,944 for 10 organizations to offer
dementia education, early identification screening, add a dementia electronic
medical records process, connect caregivers to services and resources and
promote tracking technology for the search and rescue of individuals with
cognitive disorders.

  Jewish Family and Children's Services of Minneapolis, Minnetonka, $135,000 to
offer dementia education and early identification memory screening and to
connect caregivers to services and resources while being responsive to Jewish,
Russian-speaking and Somali individuals.

  Jones-Harrison Residence, Minneapolis, $49,504 to offer dementia education for
LGBT individuals and create appropriate key messages for the LGBT community.

  Koochiching Aging Options, International Falls, $40,646 to offer dementia
education, partner with health care providers to establish referral protocols
and connect caregivers to services and resources.

  Korean Service Center, Lauderdale, $91,543, for outreach to the Korean
community using social media, provide dementia education and connect caregivers
to services and resources responsive to Korean individuals.

  Lao Advancement Organization of America, Minneapolis, $49,994, to offer
dementia education using technology, outreach to businesses and to connect
caregivers to services and resources responsive to Lao individuals.

  Mid-Minnesota Development Commission, Willmar, $49,999 to offer dementia
education to residents and businesses, establish a Memory Cafe and to connect
caregivers to services and resources while being responsive to Hispanic and
Somali individuals.

  Morrison-Todd-Wadena Community Health Board, Little Falls, $49,825 for three
county public health agencies to offer dementia education to the public and
professionals using numerous media outlets and to assess communities' readiness
to become dementia friendly.

  Northwoods Interfaith Volunteer Caregivers Program, Bemidji, $149,508 for
dementia education, early identification screening, cognitive testing with
healthcare providers and to connect caregivers to services and resources
responsive to American Indian and LGBT individuals.

  University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, $92,313 to support caregivers and
improve dementia care while being responsive to Hispanic individuals.

  University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, $73,500 to train exercise coaches for
individuals with Alzheimer's disease.

  Three Rivers Community Action, Inc., Zumbrota, $49,989 to offer dementia
education and early identification screening, create a dementia resource toolkit
and connect caregivers to services and resources while being responsive to
Hispanic and Somali individuals.

  Volunteers of America of Minnesota, Minneapolis, $130,697 to offer dementia
education, offer early identification screening in Minneapolis public housing
senior high rises, create a dementia resource toolkit and connect caregivers to
services and resources while being responsive to African-American and Somali
individuals.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 14, 2016 Thursday

Minnesota: Grants awarded to focus on awareness, support for people with
Alzheimer's, caregivers

LENGTH: 1053  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Saint Paul: The Department of Human Services, Minnisota has issued the
following news release:


 A new Minnesota Board on Aging grant program will help community organizations
raise awareness about Alzheimer's and other forms of dementia and serve
caregivers of people who have the diseases.



 The 2015 Legislature appropriated $1.5 million, which will be used now through
June 30, 2017, to raise awareness of Alzheimer's disease, increase the rate of
cognitive testing in the population at risk for dementias, promote the benefits
of early diagnosis and connect caregivers to education and resources.

 "Alzheimer's alone impacts some 89,000 Minnesotans over age 65 and the number
is growing," said Jean Wood, executive director of the Minnesota Board on Aging.
"These grants promote a more supportive environment for people with dementia,
including resources for their caregivers."

 All of the 20 projects funded have awareness-raising efforts, including using
theater to educate Latino communities about dementia and a social media platform
to do outreach to the Korean community. Other grantees will promote the benefits
of early diagnosis of dementia and offer early identification memory screenings
within senior public housing facilities; engage with businesses to identify
working caregivers; and promote safe exercise programs for people with
Alzheimer's.

 Grantees are diverse in being equal parts urban and rural, with some
specifically responsive to the cultural norms and values of African-American,
American Indian, Korean, Lao, Latino and Somali cultures. Grantees include
educational institutions, public health boards, long-term care providers and
community organizations.

 Grantees and their awards are:



  A.C.E. of Southwest Minnesota, Slayton, $93,000 for a five-county project
including dementia education for consumers and health care providers, early
identification screening and caregiver services and resources, while being
responsive to American Indian and Hispanic individuals.

  Age Well Arrowhead Inc., Duluth, $49,999 for dementia education to local
employers and their employees and support and resources for working caregivers.

  Centro Tyrone Guzman, Minneapolis, $88,500 for Spanish-based dementia
education, including theater for caregivers, and other support and resources.

  Chippewa County Montevideo Hospital, Montevideo, $17,374 to increase access to
a memory clinic for Hispanic individuals; provide dementia education, including
Virtual Dementia Tours; and connect caregivers to services and resources.

  Comunidades Latinas Unidas En Servicio, St. Paul, $49,999 for outreach and
dementia education and to connect Latino caregivers to services and resources.

  East Side Neighborhood Services, Inc., Minneapolis, $49,953 to offer dementia
education to the organization's employees and volunteers who provide services to
seniors at home and to provide education, support and resources to other
caregivers.

  Helping Hands Outreach, Holdingford, $49,713 to offer dementia education,
early identification screening, cognitive testing with health care providers and
to connect caregivers to services and resources.

  Isanti County Public Health, Cambridge, $138,944 for 10 organizations to offer
dementia education, early identification screening, add a dementia electronic
medical records process, connect caregivers to services and resources and
promote tracking technology for the search and rescue of individuals with
cognitive disorders.

  Jewish Family and Children's Services of Minneapolis, Minnetonka, $135,000 to
offer dementia education and early identification memory screening and to
connect caregivers to services and resources while being responsive to Jewish,
Russian-speaking and Somali individuals.

  Jones-Harrison Residence, Minneapolis, $49,504 to offer dementia education for
LGBT individuals and create appropriate key messages for the LGBT community.

  Koochiching Aging Options, International Falls, $40,646 to offer dementia
education, partner with health care providers to establish referral protocols
and connect caregivers to services and resources.

  Korean Service Center, Lauderdale, $91,543, for outreach to the Korean
community using social media, provide dementia education and connect caregivers
to services and resources responsive to Korean individuals.

  Lao Advancement Organization of America, Minneapolis, $49,994, to offer
dementia education using technology, outreach to businesses and to connect
caregivers to services and resources responsive to Lao individuals.

  Mid-Minnesota Development Commission, Willmar, $49,999 to offer dementia
education to residents and businesses, establish a Memory Cafe and to connect
caregivers to services and resources while being responsive to Hispanic and
Somali individuals.

  Morrison-Todd-Wadena Community Health Board, Little Falls, $49,825 for three
county public health agencies to offer dementia education to the public and
professionals using numerous media outlets and to assess communities' readiness
to become dementia friendly.

  Northwoods Interfaith Volunteer Caregivers Program, Bemidji, $149,508 for
dementia education, early identification screening, cognitive testing with
healthcare providers and to connect caregivers to services and resources
responsive to American Indian and LGBT individuals.

  University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, $92,313 to support caregivers and
improve dementia care while being responsive to Hispanic individuals.

  University of Minnesota, Minneapolis, $73,500 to train exercise coaches for
individuals with Alzheimer's disease.

  Three Rivers Community Action, Inc., Zumbrota, $49,989 to offer dementia
education and early identification screening, create a dementia resource toolkit
and connect caregivers to services and resources while being responsive to
Hispanic and Somali individuals.

  Volunteers of America of Minnesota, Minneapolis, $130,697 to offer dementia
education, offer early identification screening in Minneapolis public housing
senior high rises, create a dementia resource toolkit and connect caregivers to
services and resources while being responsive to African-American and Somali
individuals.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com







LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Columbia Basin Herald, Moses Lake, Wash.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 1, 2015 Sunday

Task force continues efforts to help homeless

BYLINE: Tiffany Sukola, Columbia Basin Herald, Moses Lake, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 449 words


Feb. 01--MOSES LAKE -- It was another successful year for the Project Homeless
Connect program.

Organizers estimate more than 100 community members in need visited the Our Lady
of Fatima Catholic Church Thursday to take advantage of the hot meals, free
haircuts, showers, and clothing and other services provided during the event.

This is the second year the Grant County Homeless Task Force has put on the
event, said Steffanie Bonwell, homeless programs supervisor with the Housing
Authority of Grant County. The housing authority is just one of the many
agencies and community organizations on the homeless task force, she said.

Bonwell said Project Homeless Connect builds on the church's existing weekly
outreach. Every Thursday from 11 am. to 1 p.m., Our Lady of Fatima offers a free
meal, showers and clothing to those in need.

Project Homeless Connect takes it a step further and brings in volunteers who
provide food and hygiene packs, haircuts and immunizations and health
screenings, among other services, she said.

"Our saying is 'one day, one stop, one goal,' and that goal is to provide actual
services to the people that need them," she said. "We don't want to just hand
out information or referrals here, but actual services."

Bonwell said Grant County Health District, for example, was on hand during the
event to provide HIV and Hepatitis C testing. And DSHS staff were there to
enroll eligible people for benefits.

Other groups that were present Thursday include Moses Lake Community Health
Center, WorkSource, Grant Integrated Services, Serve Moses Lake and Support
Services for Veterans and Families.

"So anybody in need could get the services they need all in one place, that's
what we were going for," said Bonwell.

Project Homeless Connect coincides with the task force's annual homeless count.
This year, 52 volunteers set out early Thursday morning to count every homeless
person in Grant County.

Bonwell said last year, volunteers counted 177 homeless people. She said that
number was very high.

In 2013, volunteers counted 50 people living in tents, abandoned buildings or in
RV's with no electricity. In 2012, they counted 65 people, according to a
previous Columbia Basin Herald article.

While they are out counting, volunteers pass out sleeping bags, food and hygiene
packs and blankets, said Bonwell.

Numbers from this year's count should be tallied by mid-February.

The count is required to receive state funding, but also gives the task force a
better picture of the homeless population in Grant County, said Bonwell.

___ (c)2015 the Columbia Basin Herald, Wash. Visit the Columbia Basin Herald,
Wash. at www.columbiabasinherald.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150201-1CO-Task-force-continues-efforts-to-help-homeless-0201-20150201

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CO


                      Copyright 2015 Columbia Basin Herald


                              73 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                          February 23, 2011 Wednesday

Spending legislation cuts rural broadband grant

BYLINE: By Sara Jerome

SECTION: Pg. 19

LENGTH: 253 words


The spending bill approved by the House on Saturday includes an amendment that
would defund a broadband grant program at the Agriculture Department. Rep.

Jim Matheson (D-Utah) introduced an amendment to defund the Community Connect
broadband grant program, which pays for broadband infrastructure projects and
community computer centers in rural areas. The program had a budget of around
$13 million last year. Matheson, who ultimately opposed the GOP spending bill,
said he offered the amendment because Community Connect is an "ineffective
program." "Cutting wasteful or duplicative programs in every account are all
part of the equation if we are ever to return to balanced budgets. Cuts may be
painful, they may be unpopular, but given what we are up against, they are
necessary," he said in a statement about the bill. Matheson, an Energy and
Commerce Committee member, is an advocate for spreading rural broadband. He
wrote to the Federal Communications Commission last year to express concerns
that broadband speed goals for the countryside are lower than for cities.
Federal funding for broadband deployment has come under strong scrutiny this
year amid concerns that grants go to areas that already have adequate broadband
infrastructure. House Republicans held their first telecom meeting on stimulus
spending devoted to broadband and are preparing a bill to increase
accountability in such programs. The Community Connect predates the American
Recovery and Reinvestment Act; it did not receive stimulus dollars.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2011 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                     PR.com

                      January 7, 2017 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Care For Friends Receives $30,000 Grant from Episcopal Charities and Community
Services to Advance Homeless Work

BYLINE: Care For Friends

LENGTH: 328  words


Chicago, IL,  January 07, 2017 --(PR.com)-- Care For Friends is pleased to
announce it has received a $30,000 grant from Episcopal Charities and Community
Services (ECCS). The grant is the second of its kind from ECCS, and solidifies
Care for Friends' ability to serve Chicago's most vulnerable in 2017.

"We have been pleased to receive ECCS's support for the second year in a row as
a Ministry Partner of the organization," said Executive Director Gary Kenzer.
"In addition to the financial support, our participation in their network of
agencies has connected us with numerous connections that have greatly enhanced
our ability to create community solutions to community problems."

"We found Care For Friends to be great stewards of our 2016 grant, and they
exceeded our expectations for operational development in the last year," said
Georgianna Gleason, Executive Director for ECCS. "We've been impressed with
their community-based approach to addressing homelessness in Chicago, and are
delighted to be one of the partners they work with to advance their cause. We
are confident that this grant will allow them to strengthen their ability to
connect Chicago's most vulnerable with the resources they need to achieve a
better life."

About Care For Friends

Care For Friends provides easy access to community, food and overall wellness
for Chicago's most vulnerable and under-served people, in an atmosphere of
dignity and respect.

Through its programs, the organization successfully connects people with
community resources to enable them to achieve a better quality of life.

About Episcopal Charities and Community Services

To transform lives, Episcopal Charities and Community Services supports and
strengthens its ministry partners, congregational outreach programs, and other
faith-based ministries of Christian service that offer hope to all people in the
Diocese of Chicago.

This year, Episcopal Charities will grant $588,000 to support the work of its
ministry partners.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2017 PR.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              75 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 13, 2013 Friday

Idaho: City of Middleton and Middleton School District awarded $45,000 sidewalk
grant

LENGTH: 329  words

DATELINE: Boise


Department of Transportation, The State of Idaho has issued the following press
release:

The city of Middleton was awarded a $45,000 grant to install a missing sidewalk
segment leading to Mill Creek Elementary School. "We are one step closer in
reaching the community vision to establish a safe, walkable, healthy, livable
City," said Mayor Taylor.

"Students can now walk to school safely and get some exercise, while traffic
congestion in school zones is reduced," Taylor said.

City officials held eight neighborhood meetings in May and June 2013 to discuss
with residents the Middleton Connects plan that identifies a pathway system
connecting neighborhoods with parks, schools and downtown. Residents helped
identify missing sidewalk segments that would help children travel to school
safely by walking and biking, and help complete the City pathway system.

The Community Choices grant will provide funding to connect one of the
identified missing sidewalk segments. "Community participation played a critical
role in helping to score higher on the grant application," said Becky Crofts,
the City grant writer who authored the grant application. Middleton School
District co-sponsored the application.

The City will begin constructing the 225-foot sidewalk segment in March/April
2014, design is underway.

"Most elementary students living in Kennedy Meadows currently are being bused to
Heights Elementary," said Dr. Richard Bauscher, Superintendent of the Middleton
School District.

"This new sidewalk will allow those students closer walking access to Mill Creek
Elementary and should alleviate the need for busing, as well as help in the
overcrowding at Heights Elementary."

This grant award represents the ongoing collaboration between the City, School
District, and the community. This shared Middleton Connects vision encourages a
healthy lifestyle, and alternative transportation through walking and biking.

For further information please visit: http://apps.itd.idaho.gov/

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                            October 30, 2011 Sunday

NOVA Workforce Institute Awarded $20K in Partnership Grants

LENGTH: 792 words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Oct. 30 -- BancorpSouth Bank, Community Trust Bank, IBERIABANK,
Ouachita Independent Bank (OIB), and the Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas (FHLB
Dallas) are pleased to announce they have granted $20,000 in Partnership Grant
Program (PGP) awards to NOVA Workforce Institute of Northeast Louisiana (NOVA).
The checks were presented during a media event today at Community Trust Bank.

Louisiana State Senator Francis Thompson, D-Delhi, was also present at the
event.

"We are always thankful for and welcome funding for organizations such as NOVA,
which provides workforce training and connects the needs of employers with
residents in Northeast Louisiana. NOVA works diligently to insure a viable
workforce for companies and living wage jobs and benefits for employees," said
the senator.

NOVA plans to use the PGP funds to assist with organizational capacity building,
applying for grants, and/or other funding or contractual services. NOVA connects
the workforce needs of employers with Northeast Louisiana residents in search of
living wage jobs and benefits.

"These grants allow us to provide more opportunities for people in search of a
living wage job, and at the same time we're building a stronger workforce in our
community to help people get to a place of self-sufficiency," said Paul West,
executive director of NOVA. "We're impacting people, who in turn are impacting
employers through going to work and being productive members of the community.
As a result, we are having a social and an economic impact on our community and
region."

NOVA has received great support from the cities it serves.

"By working together, we are stronger," said Monroe Mayor Jamie Mayo. "The City
of Monroe has been a proud financial partner of NOVA Workforce Institute for
multiple years. It is great to see more corporate citizens take an active role
in supporting NOVA's efforts to help connect employers and workers in our
region."

Through the PGP, FHLB Dallas awards partnership grants through its member
institutions to provide funding for the operational needs of community-based
organizations involved in affordable housing and community development. FHLB
Dallas matches a member's cash contribution to a community-based organization of
$500 up to $5,000 at a 3:1 ratio. Through its member institutions, FHLB Dallas
awarded $225,000 in partnership grants in 2011.

Four FHLB Dallas member institutions awarded partnership grants to NOVA.

BancorpSouth Bank and FHLB Dallas awarded a $6,000 PGP grant to NOVA.

"As corporate citizens, BancorpSouth is excited to partner again this year with
the Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas in making this contribution to NOVA," said
L.J. Holland, Monroe Division president for BancorpSouth. "NOVA is an invaluable
resource and an example of how collaboration between corporations, technical and
community colleges, and our local university can develop a work-ready workforce
by utilizing the underemployed or unemployed individuals in our community. This
effort will not only impact these individuals, but also future generations."

Community Trust Bank and FHLB Dallas awarded a $6,000 PGP grant to NOVA.

"Community Trust Bank has always been committed to being a partner this
community can depend on. We're pleased to be able to contribute to this grant
program that benefits not-for-profits like NOVA, an organization that takes
great strides to make a positive impact in the community and local workforce,"
said Lance Hall, regional president for Community Trust Bank.

IBERIABANK and FHLB Dallas awarded a $6,000 PGP grant to NOVA.

"IBERIABANK is proud to support an organization committed to connecting
hardworking citizens with jobs that provide opportunities and a career path,"
said Paul Hutcheson, Northeast Louisiana Market President for IBERIABANK. "With
the positive impact NOVA is making on our communities, we are very pleased to
play a role in awarding NOVA $20,000 in partnership grants."

OIB and FHLB Dallas awarded a $2,000 PGP grant to NOVA.

"Ouachita Independent Bank is proud to support NOVA, both financially and
through an employee serving on the advisory council," said Alisa Nappier, vice
president of human resources for OIB. "NOVA does an excellent job of preparing
unemployed and sometimes seemingly unemployable individuals for the workforce.
Through partnerships with training facilities and area employers, NOVA also
teaches the much needed soft skills required to succeed in a job. To hear the
success stories of some of these citizens is so very touching and makes us very
proud to be a part of NOVA." Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              77 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Illawarra Mercury (Australia)

                            November 8, 2013 Friday
                                 First Edition

Charities receive funding

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 161 words


TWO Illawarra groups dedicated to helping youth and refugees have each received
$10,000 grants to enable them to continue their work.

The Port Kembla Community Project and Pathways Foundation have received the
money from the Westpac Foundation Community Grant program, which funds
not-for-profit organisations.

Pathways Foundation director Paul Deuis was pleased with the grant.

"It means we can help more teenagers and younger people and provide more
scholarships to kids who suffer financial hardships," Mr Deuis said.

The Port Kembla Community Project manager Jess Moore said the grant would
continue the work of the Green Connect project.

"We provide services to divert waste from landfill, and employ refugees to
deliver these services," Ms Moore said.

"Green Connect has been working to provide assistance to refugees to enable them
to find suitable, targeted employment.

"This grant will help us support resettled refugees to find meaningful and
sustainable employment."

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Illawarra Newspapers Holdings Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                           November 7, 2007 Wednesday
                              Correction Appended

Agency will attempt to bring in homeless people with grant

BYLINE: CAREN BURMEISTER

SECTION: Pg. L-2

LENGTH: 501 words


A Beaches social service agency won a $200,000 grant that will directly connect
homeless people with medical care, substance abuse treatment and other resources
at the I.M. Sulzbacher Center for the Homeless in Jacksonville.

Beaches Emergency Assistance Ministry, or BEAM, received the 2007 Bank of
America Neighborhood Excellence Grant on Monday.

The grant will fund a Beaches Hope Team that will build a trusting relationship
with homeless people in wooded areas, underpasses and abandoned buildings and
encourage them to accept free services at the Sulzbacher Center.

"This is such a great resource for the community," said Cindy Funkhouser,
executive director of BEAM, which is a partner with the Sulzbacher Center on the
grant. "That's really been my dream, to help people who are not going to get
help otherwise."

BEAM and other agencies are relying on private donations to pay for a van,
Funkhouser said. She hopes the Hope team will start early next month.

The Beaches area doesn't have a homeless shelter, but it does have Mission
House, a daytime facility in Jacksonville Beach that provides meals, showers,
clothing and medical clinics for homeless people.

Rather than duplicate services at the Beaches, it makes more sense to connect
homeless people with Sulzbacher, which is not only a shelter but has case
managers who connect clients with the services they need to get them a stable
income, housing and health care, officials said.

The three Beaches mayors wrote letters of support for the grant, Funkhouser
said.

"This is really a community effort," she said. "This has got the backing of
everyone out here."

Advocates for the homeless also said the Hope team may help change the
community's perspective on the issue of homelessness.

"If we can help manage the perception of the community that these are our
neighbors who need a hand up, not a handout," said Jeanette Ghioto, Sulzbacher's
vice president of development.

Based on the Hope team's experience in downtown Jacksonville, it sometimes takes
several visits, even months or years, before a homeless person will accept the
care.

Ghioto referred to "Miss Ellen," a woman with schizophrenia who lived 12 years
on Jacksonville's streets and was honored at Sulzbacher's Transformations
benefit last month.

For years, the Hope team visited Miss Ellen and invited her to come to the
shelter. Finally last year, she agreed. Ghioto said Miss Ellen was dirty, paced
frantically, slept on the ground and wouldn't talk to anyone.

In July, a Sulzbacher employee put a pile of photos on Ghioto's desk. She leafed
through the images and saw a picture of a smiling Miss Ellen at a birthday party
with her hair done and her nails manicured. Ghioto could hardly believe it was
the same woman.

"I cried," she said.

Miss Ellen, who is now in an assisted-living facility and receiving medical
care, received a standing ovation at the benefit.

"She is testimony that you don't ever give up on people," Ghioto said.

caren.burmeister@jacksonville.com, (904) 249-4947, ext. 6321

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: November 10, 2007



CORRECTION: I.M. Sulzbacher Center for the Homeless in Jacksonville received a
$200,000 grant for a HOPE team to help Beaches homeless people. The Beaches
Emergency Assistance Ministry in Jacksonville Beach will provide office space
for the team. Because of a reporter's error, a story on Page 2 in Wednesday's
Shorelines had incorrect information.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 The Florida Times-Union


                              79 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Ajax/Pickering News Advertiser

                            March 1, 2017 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Pickering library brings services to the community through use of new vehicle

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 243  words


PICKERING - The Pickering Public Library (PPL) has introduced a 'library without
walls' that serves the entire Pickering community by providing access to the
Internet, technology education and regional outreach.

The PPL Connect Vehicle is an expansion of the PPL Connect program, which brings
the library's services into the community.

PPL Connect helps members of the community learn useful skills such as: coding
mobile applications; programming robotics; printing and designing 3D objects;
editing video; and making electronic music.

"The major priority for this program is to meet the changing needs of Pickering
residents and to successfully leverage the power of technology to create a more
connected, engaged, vibrant, and sustainable community," says Cathy Grant,
library CEO. "With the addition of the PPL Connect vehicle, we'll come directly
to you, providing equitable access, technology education and mobile support,
assisting all city residents through this significant and transformative
change."

With operational funding provided by the Government of Ontario, the PPL Connect
program is one of the key components to the City of Pickering's Smart21
Communities commitment, a globally recognized initiative that invests in
technology infrastructure with the goal of creating intelligent community
ecosystems.

Grant thanked the City of Pickering and the Michael Boyer GM Dealership of
Pickering for their support.

For more information, call 905-706-1634.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2017 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Herald Bulletin (Anderson, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 19, 2010 Friday

Grant aims to broaden mental-health services for youth

BYLINE: Dave Stafford, The Herald Bulletin, Anderson, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 496 words


Mar. 19--ANDERSONÂ­, Ind. -- Young people with mental, emotional or behavioral
problems, and their families, may be able to get help through a new program that
connects to a wider network of service providers.

Aspire Indiana -- formerly the Center for Mental Health -- is coordinating the
Community Alternatives to Psychiatric Residential Treatment Facilities grant.

Thursday, community stakeholders from school officials to those representing
local medical, social services and justice organizations, gathered to talk about
how the grant could extend the reach of services to those who most need them.

"The community team develops a system of care that's based on family strengths,"
said Tomerial Brooks, child and adolescent services manager and systems of care
coordinator at Aspire Indiana.

That includes help for the student and the family that can include:

-- Training and support for the child and his or her care providers.

-- Respite care, providing care providers short-term breaks.

-- Flexible funds for one-time expenses related to a child's plan of care.

-- "Wraparound facilitators" who connect families with help and services,
including crisis and emergency planning and intervention.

Indiana is one of 10 states where the program is being offered. Mason Hutcheson
is a wraparound facilitator who helps families determine the kind of help they
need and build a team of community members around those needs. The goal is to
keep young people at home and out of residential facilities that can cost $321 a
day.

The grant, Hutcheson said, marks a shift in policy by trying to connect with
providers who can better serve children at lower costs.

Brenda Hamilton, executive director of the Indiana Federation of Families for
Children's Mental Health, said the program's aim is to approach solving problems
differently. Parents and their children choose the providers they want to work
with, and more.

The program, she said, asks families, "'What do you need, what does your child
need, to be a success, and continue to stay in the community?'"

Brooks said the program was a demonstration that aims to prove that marshaling
community resources to respond to young people with the greatest behavioral,
emotional and mental health needs makes more sense and saves more money than
placing them in psychiatric treatment facilities.

She said Aspire Indiana also was looking for people interested in training to
work with young people and their families who will be assisted through the
grant.

Contact Dave Stafford: 648-4250, dave.stafford@heraldbulletin.com

To see more of The Herald Bulletin, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.theheraldbulletin.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Herald Bulletin,
Anderson, Ind. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100319-HU-Grant-aims-to-broaden-mental-health-services-for-youth-0319

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HU


                       Copyright 2010 The Herald Bulletin


                              81 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                Skagit Valley Herald (Mount Vernon, Washington)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 13, 2015 Sunday

United Way connects helpers with those who need help

BYLINE: Skagit Valley Herald, Mount Vernon, Wash.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 873 words


Sept. 13--Each year, individuals, businesses and others donate thousands of
dollars to United Way of Skagit County. The annual Kick-Off Breakfast (held
Sept. 11) for its 2015-16 fundraising campaign is one of the many ways United
Way encourages collaboration between those who can help and others who need help
in our area.

In return, United Way connects those donations with dozens of nonprofit groups
offering programs that help build a better quality of life for kids, families
and seniors throughout Skagit County -- from Marblemount to Anacortes and Alger
to La Conner.

In the 2013-14 year, Skagit United Way's Executive Director Debra Lancaster said
over 1,800 individuals and businesses contributed more than $910,000.

From those donations, about 40 grants worth roughly $700,000 were awarded to 23
nonprofit Skagit County agencies in three focus areas of assistance --
education, income and health. Other funding is distributed as directed by donor
designations, along with program work organized and delivered directly by United
Way, she said.

"We'd really like to shine a spotlight on the tremendous work provided to
thousands of residents by hardworking nonprofit agencies," she said.

Grant applications are carefully read and discussed by a Community Impact
Committee of 16 people, representing diverse backgrounds, ages and skills,
Lancaster said. The committee's recommendation was considered and accepted by
the entire United Way of Skagit County.

"Thousands of people are helped with the funds allocated," she said. "I'd like
the public to know what United Way donors are supporting."

WHERE YOUR CONTRIBUTION GOES

Grants awarded for both education and health focus areas went to these groups in
the 2014-15 year:

Boy Scouts-Mt. Baker Chapter, Scouting programs: $10,000 Camp Fire USA-Samish
Council: Camp Kirby Resident Camp: $3,000 Camp Kirby Day Camp: $800
Self-reliance courses: $800 Catholic Community Services-WW-NW, Family Support
Services: $12,000 Mount Vernon Community Wellness Council, general: $4,500 North
Cascades Health Council, four programs for youth and families: $4,500 Skagit
Domestic Violence & Sexual Assault Services, youth education and violence
prevention: $15,000 Skagit Valley Family YMCA, Girls on the Run program: $2,000
Volunteers of America, Retired Senior Volunteer Program (RSVP): $5,000

Grants awarded for both education and income focus areas went to: Community
Action of Skagit County, Housing & Homeless Prevention: $15,000

Grants awarded within just the education focus area went to these groups: Camp
Fire USA-Samish Council: Classic Club-Year Long: $3,000 Teen Service /
Leadership: $2,500 Environmental Education: $800 Community Action of Skagit
County, adult education/literacy: $11,500 Girl Scouts of Western Washington,
Girl Scout Program: $9,000 Skagit Preschool and Resource Center-SPARC, Preschool
Scholarships: $20,000 Volunteers of America, Youth Restorative Justice Program:
$9,000

Grants awarded within just the income focus area went to these groups: Chinook
Enterprises, Empowerment through Employment: $18,000 Community Action of Skagit
County, Critical Needs: $8,000

Grants awarded for both health and income focus areas went to: Bread of Life
Food Bank, Food & Transportation: $7,500 Community Action of Skagit County:
Asset Building/Financial Stability: $11,000 Critical Needs: $8,000 Ideas for
Living: $10,800 Concrete Food Bank, food and transportation: $6,500 Skagit
Valley Family YMCA, LiveStrong program: $3,000 Grants awarded within just the
health focus group went to these groups: Brigid Collins -- Skagit Valley Support
Center, child abuse prevention: $11,000 Community Action of Skagit County, Food
Distribution Center $26,000 Sea Mar Community Centers, medical visits $11,500
Skagit Council on Aging, Meals on Wheels program: $27,000 Skagit Valley Family
YMCA, Y membership scholarship: $8,000

Grants awarded in all three focus areas went to these groups: Northwest Youth
Services, Transitional Living Program: $16,500 Skagit Domestic Violence & Sexual
Assault Services, Latino Engagement: $10,500 Skagit Habitat for Humanity,
Summerlynd home builds: $7,500 Skagit Valley Family YMCA, Child Care
scholarships: $3,500 Skagit Valley Family YMCA, Oasis Teen Shelter: $16,000
United Way: Collective Impact Work: $20,000 Direct Program Support: $134,046
Emergency/Venture Grants: $28,000 VISTA, Volunteer Management: $8,000 Volunteers
of America, 2-1-1 Help Line: $8,000 Youth United: Sedro-Woolley, Concrete and
Burlington high schools: $9,000 Youthnet, Youth Independent Living Skills:
$17,500 Donor designations: $110,413

United Way of Skagit County sponsors an annual project called Days of Caring
based on its CARE values: Connect teams of volunteers with area nonprofit groups
to Advance the common good through various projects, such as repairing or
painting someone's home or mowing a yard.

These efforts Revitalize the body and spirit of volunteers and Engages employees
and businesses to accomplish important work in the community. To inquire, visit
unitedwayskagit.org or call 360-755-9521.

___ (c)2015 the Skagit Valley Herald (Mount Vernon, Wash.) Visit the Skagit
Valley Herald (Mount Vernon, Wash.) at www.goskagit.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150913-UV-United-Way-connects
-helpers-with-those-who-need-help-0913-20150913

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UV


                      Copyright 2015 Skagit Valley Herald


                              82 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                             July 19, 2007 Thursday

Grants are available for broadband service

LENGTH: 159 words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture has $8.9 million in grants available to
communities without broadband service to provide residential service and connect
facilities such as police and fire stations, health care facilities, libraries
and schools.

The Community Connect Grant Program deadline for applications is Aug. 20. The
minimum grant is $50,000, and the maximum is $1 million.

An application guide can be found at www.usda.gov/rus/telecom/.

An example of a grant success is in Myton and Altamont, where no company was
willing to provide broadband delivery to serve only 778 people. However, local
businesses, schools and residents worked with Uintah Basin Telephone Association
to file a USDA Community Connect Grant application and funding was approved.
UBTA has established two centers, equipped with 10 computer workstations, each
with broadband Internet capabilities. Both centers are open to the public and
computers are available free of charge.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              83 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                             April 5, 2007 Thursday

Towns vie for wireless funding

BYLINE: By Christopher Marcisz, Berkshire Eagle Staff

SECTION: TOP LOCAL; Local

LENGTH: 377 words


PITTSFIELD -- Three Berkshire communities that lack either cable modem or DSL
broadband service are among the nine finalists for a pilot grant program to
begin setting up some sort of access.

Florida, New Ashford and Tyringham submitted the proposals for the grant
program, which is being run by Berkshire Connect and Pioneer Valley Connect, two
nonprofits that are teaming up to find ways to bring 21st century technology to
communities in danger of being left behind by the Internet revolution.

Maggie Bergin, project manager for the Underserved Communities Project, said
they received 17 applications from 15 communities before the deadline last
month.

"The applications were excellent," she said. "The area is hungry for broadband
Internet access, and (the applications) speak to the level of sophistication
communities have about their broadband needs."

The applications asked towns to identify an area of at least one square mile
where there are at least 10 people who would use wireless Internet access, as
well as to provide one "hot spot" where public access would be provided.

Bergin said the proposals reflected "all the geography and topography of Western
Massachusetts, and the different kinds of population centers we have."

Technical consultants are currently reviewing the nine finalists, and the
connects hope to choose at least three of them to go forward by the end of the
month.

The program is made possible by a $300,000 grant from the John Adams Innovation
Institute, which is funded by the Massachusetts Technology Collaborative.

The lack of broadband access in Berkshire County has been identified as a
serious economic development issue in recent years. Phone and cable companies
often do not provide such service in areas where the investment would not turn a
profit because of sparse populations and rural geography.

Residents of Alford, Becket, Cheshire, Egremont, Hancock, Monterey, Mount
Washington, New Ashford, New Marlborough, Peru, Sandisfield, Tyringham,
Washington and Windsor currently have no access to broadband.

On the Web: www.bconnect.org .



Offline
Local towns that have no access to broadband: Alford Becket Cheshire Egremont
Hancock Monterey Mount Washington New Ashford New Marlborough Peru Sandisfield
Tyringham Washington Windsor



LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                      September 3, 2012 Monday 6:30 AM EST

The Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association: Blue Cross Foundation Names
Finalists in Connect for Health Challenge

LENGTH: 353  words


New Delhi, Sept. 3 -- The Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Minnesota Foundation
today announced the three finalists for a $100,000 grant through the Connect for
Health Challenge. Minnesotans will have the opportunity to select which
organization will receive the grant.



Through the Connect for Health Challenge, up to 20 grants of up to $20,000 each
will be awarded, and one grant of up to $100,000 will be determined by
Minnesotans in a statewide vote. Voting is open July 9-20 and can be done online
at InCommons.org/ConnectforHealth, via text to 83224, by emailing
ConnectforHealth@bluecrossmn.com, by calling (612) 547-6145 and in person at
selected events and libraries in the finalists' communities. Finalists include:

* East Side Community of Choice Initiative, East Side Neighborhood Development
Company

* To vote for this project, text "Choice" to 83224 (message and data rates may
apply)

* The East Side Community of Choice Initiative will bring diverse neighbors
together in St. Paul's Payne-Phalen neighborhood, a community that has been
heavily affected by foreclosure and poverty.

* Growing Up Healthy - Broaden and Build, Growing Up Healthy in Rice County

* To vote for this project, text "Build" to 83224 (message and data rates may
apply)

* Growing Up Healthy is a community-based coalition of local neighborhood teams
in Rice County who work at the grassroots level to build community through
neighbor-led gatherings.

* Native American Somali Peacemakers, The Family Partnership

* To vote for this project, text "Peace" to 83224 (message and data rates may
apply)

* Native American Somali Peacemakers (NASP) is an active group in the Cedar
Riverside and Phillips neighborhoods of Minneapolis that addresses growing
intercultural tension by building community through collaboration.

Detailed descriptions of all 386 entries can be found at
InCommons.org/ConnectforHealth. For questions or additional information, e-mail
ConnectforHealth@bluecrossmn.com, or call (612) 547-6145. For more information
on Blue Cross's grantmaking programs, visit bcbsmnfoundation.org or call (651)
662-3950 or toll free at 1-866-812-1593.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2012 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                              June 20, 2010 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

EDITORIAL Broadband funds could aid state's remote areas We hope Colorado's
applicants, including a group of school districts, succeed in securing grants to
boost Internet access.

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Pg. D-03

LENGTH: 446 words


Broadband Internet access is

unavailable or slow in wide swaths of Colorado where the rugged topography or
distance from the Front Range has made it financially unfeasible for private
companies to develop the service.

That could change if Colorado is successful in pursuing several American
Recovery and Reinvestment Act grants, totaling nearly $130 million, that would
introduce or expand high-speed Internet to under-served communities.

We hope the applicants, who are supported by the Ritter administration, are
successful in seeking a slice of this federal grant money. The money is already
appropriated and some state is going to get it if Colorado doesn't.

The grants would pay for new or augmented all-fiber-optic lines to connect
schools, community colleges, libraries and public safety entities. Then private
interests have the opportunity to lay the so-called "final mile" to individual
homes and businesses.

The grants also would bring new and faster computers and broadband service to
public computer centers around the state.

The grant program is funded by $4.7 billion that was included in the Recovery
Act with the goal of expanding broadband access.

Commerce Secretary Gary Locke explained the value of such access in testimony he
gave earlier this year before a Senate subcommittee.

"In particular, the investments we are making ... (will) help school children
get the materials they need to learn, allow rural doctors to connect to more
advanced medical centers, and - importantly - allow remotely located businesses
to offer their services to national and international markets," Locke said.

The grant program has been wildly popular, with the Commerce Department
receiving applications for far more money than it has to award.

In fact, the website for the grant program lists dozens of grant applications
that would, at least to some degree, offer something to Colorado.

However, the governor's office has singled out four applications to support. The
largest of the four, a $100 million application from a cooperative of Colorado
school districts, proposes to build out the so-called middle mile of broadband
(linking the Internet backbone to the local network) to connect educational
institutions and libraries.

Two other applications would improve public computer access in Pueblo as well as
dozens of locations around the state. And a third would significantly improve
broadband service in Archuleta, Dolores, La Plata and Montezuma counties.

As our society continues to turn to a digital platform for communication,
commerce and education, these proposed projects would help position Coloradans
to take advantage of the opportunities afforded by quality broadband access.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2010 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                              June 5, 2016 Sunday

Sovernet continues expansion as 'back bone'

BYLINE: By Chris Mays cmays@reformer.com @CMaysBR on Twitter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 638 words


BRATTLEBORO   With questions over broadband service and quality around the
state, Sovernet is clearing up any confusion on what it is currently up to.

"We are building infrastructure right now," said Sharon Combes-Farr, the
company's director of marketing. "But we're not connecting the house in the
woods around the corner."

A fiber network established with the help of a federal grant led to connections
in September 2013. That was finished on time and on budget, said Combes-Farr.

The $33.4 million broadband-stimulus grant provided by the National
Telecommunications and Information Administration went to the now-disbanded
Vermont Telecommunications Authority in 2010. Sovernet was awarded the project
through a request-for-proposals process.

The company, which was expected to match at least 20 percent of the grant, ended
up investing $12 million in making service available to 342 "community anchors,"
Combes-Farr said, meaning schools, state facilities, hospitals, colleges and
community organizations including Brattleboro Community Television, Community
College of Vermont, Landmark College, Latchis Theatre and Brattleboro Town
Offices. State funding also assisted in the efforts.

"Ninety percent are connected and in service, which is a very high rate,"
Combes-Farr said, explaining that some places were not yet ready to connect to
the network.

The grant was meant to support "middle mile" or institutional customers with
getting onto Sovernet's fiber network. Then broadband service providers could
connect residences and small businesses, referred to as "last mile" customers.
Sovernet is called a "backbone" as it provides the network that connects both
types of customers.

A variety of companies specializing in telecommunications have access to the
network.

"We are supporting these other companies who then extend deeper into Vermont,"
said Combes-Farr. "Sovernet is concentrating our network expansion to support
businesses and other organizations."

She said Duncan Cable recently doubled its bandwidth and furthered its reach,
making faster-speed internet now available to homes in Wilmington and other
parts of the Deerfield Valley.

Not as many locations can be connected to the fiber network during the winter,
Combes-Farr said, because the ground is frozen and cannot be dug up.

"It tends to be livelier in spring and fall," she said.

Sovernet is often contacted by mobile companies requesting assistance with
connecting to new cell towers, according to Combes-Farr. Two new cell towers are
expected to serve local mobile users soon.

"This is for one of the top three national mobile phone providers," she said,
unable to give the names. "The cell tower in Brattleboro is already connected
and the one in Newfane will be connected later this month."

Construction is wrapping up on the $6 million "state-of-the-art data center" in
Williston and it will offer remote data-storage space to organizations,
Combes-Farr said. A warehouse was converted for the project.

"We continue to expand the network. We just expanded in Barre. We're in the
middle of expanding in Colchester and Middlebury," said Combes-Farr. "We
continue to extend the footprint really every day."

She said she sees access and options only improving over the years.

And as far as costs to the customer go, Combes-Farr is optimistic.

"I know it's hard because there's some regions of the state that do not have
adequate broadband. But I will say that Vermont has an incredible infusion of
interest and investment in broadband over the last five years," she said.
"Anytime you have increased competition, I think you have leveling of prices."

But, Combes-Farr added, all the providers are offering a different service so it
can be difficult "to talk about one cost over the cost of another."

Contact Chris Mays at cmays@reformer.com or 802-254-2311, ext. 273.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              87 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                              April 6, 2007 Friday
                              Correction Appended

Towns vie for wireless funding

BYLINE: By Christopher Marcisz, Berkshire Eagle Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 437 words


PITTSFIELD -- Three Berkshire communities that lack either cable modem or DSL
broadband service are among the nine finalists for a pilot grant program to
begin setting up some sort of access.

Florida, New Ashford and Tyringham submitted the proposals for the grant
program, which is being run by Berkshire Connect and Pioneer Valley Connect, two
nonprofits that are teaming up to find ways to bring 21st century technology to
communities in danger of being left behind by the Internet revolution.

Margaret Bergin, project manager for the Underserved Communities Project, said
they received 17 applications from 15 communities before the deadline last
month.

"The applications were excellent," she said. "The area is hungry for broadband
Internet access, and (the applications) speak to the level of sophistication
communities have about their broadband needs."

The applications asked towns to identify an area of at least one square mile
where there are at least 10 people who would use wireless Internet access, as
well as to provide one "hot spot" where public access would be provided.

Bergin said the proposals reflected "all the geography and topography of Western
Massachusetts, and the different kinds of population centers we have."

Technical consultants are currently reviewing the nine finalists, and the
connects hope to choose at least three of them to go forward by the end of the
month.

The program is made possible by a $300,000 grant from the John Adams Innovation
Institute, which is funded by the Massachusetts Technology Collaborative.

The lack of broadband access in Berkshire County has been identified as a
serious economic development issue in recent years. Phone and cable companies
often do not provide such service in areas where the investment would not turn a
profit because of sparse populations and rural geography.

Residents of Alford, Becket, Cheshire, Egremont, Hancock, Monterey, Mount
Washington, New Ashford, New Marlborough, Peru, Sandisfield, Tyringham,
Washington and Windsor currently have no access to broadband.

On the Web: www.bconnect.org .

Christopher Marcisz can be reached at cmarcisz@berkshireeag le .com or at (413)
664-4995.

Offline

Local towns that have no access to broadband:

Alford

Becket

Cheshire

Egremont

Hancock

Monterey

Mount Washington

New Ashford

New Marlborough

Peru

Sandisfield

Tyringham

Washington

Windsor

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: April 6, 2007



CORRECTION: Yesterday's article about wireless broadband access incorrectly
identified Maggie Bergin as Margaret Bergin. Also, the towns of Cheshire,
Egremont and Monterey are technically "underserved" for broadband service, not
"unserved," because parts of each town has some cable or DSL service.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 20, 2013 Thursday

FORM 8-K: Sanwire Corp FILES Current report

LENGTH: 666  words

DATELINE: Washington


Sanwire Corp, Nevada, has filed FORM 8-K (Current report) with Securities and
Exchange Commission on June 19, 2013

State or other Jurisdiction of Incorporation: Nevada


Sanwire Corporation Signs Exclusive Agreement with Oso Vista Ranch of the Ramah
Navajo Nation for $1,200,000 Broadband Deployment Project

Tulsa, OK - June 19, 2013 - Sanwire Corporation ("Sanwire" or the "Company")
(OTCQB: NTMG), a global provider of wireless communications services and data
solutions, is pleased to announce its wholly owned subsidiary, Aero Networks
("Aero"), has signed an exclusive agreement with the Oso Vista Ranch Project
("OVRP") of the Ramah Navajo Nation to manage OVRP's broadband Community Connect
grant application with the United States Department of Agriculture, Rural
Utilities Services (USDA-RUS).

OVRP is exclusively contracting the design, build and equipment procurement of
the new network to Aero's New Mexico office. The contract is capped at
$1,200,000 and is subject to USDA-RUS normal approval process which may change
the scope of the project resulting in a lower contract amount to Aero. OVRP and
Aero expect to get USDA-RUS final grant approval in 4Q 2013, and with
installation and deployment to commence in 1Q 2014.

The Aero management team has an outstanding record of success in receiving
USDA-RUS Community Connect broadband grants. Over the past seven years, the Aero
team and its clients have been awarded over 24 USDA-RUS Community Connect grants
totaling over $12 million dollars to build and operate broadband services. The
Aero team will be headed by Les Matthews, Aero's New Mexico General Manager, who
has several years of wireless broadband experience and has completed two
USDA-RUS Community Connect grant projects in New Mexico.

OVRP's broadband network will deliver 100 Mbps of Internet bandwidth to the
Ramah Navajo Pueblo. Critical community facilities, including the OVRP community
center, school, medical clinic, tribal offices and police, emergency responders
will receive free 10 Mbps Internet service for two years.  All other commercial
enterprises and residents will have access to the fixed wireless service at
nominal commercial pricing. Currently on the reservation approximately 3% of
homes have access to the Internet with slow and expensive satellite services.
The lack of broadband service has prevented OVRP from providing distance
learning coursework through their partnership with New Mexico State University
as they only have a satellite Internet connection at their office location. In
addition to the tribal lands that will be served with this grant, there are four
other communities just outside the tribal boundaries that currently have
satellite Internet service that will have access to the new Aero-OVRP network.
These will more than double to households covered by the broadband network.

"The goal of OVRP and Aero is to bring the benefits of broadband technology to
the remote community of the Ramah Navajo Nation in New Mexico," said Margaret
Merrill, Oso Vista Executive Director.

"This project will significantly impact the lives of people in the coverage
footprint area," said Les Matthews, General Manager of Aero's New Mexico office.
"The area suffers some of the highest unemployment in the country, and its
household income is half that of the average household income in the state."

Rick Bjorklund, President of Aero, stated, "We are excited about adding the Oso
Vista Ranch Project and the Ramah Navajo Indian Reservation as our client in New
Mexico. We are proud to bring the benefits of broadband and wireless
communications to communities like this, and give the citizens quality Internet
access with a sustainable operating business model.  Aero has partnered with
many rural communities for similar projects including clients in Oklahoma,
Missouri and Mississippi."

For more information please visit: http://www.sec.gov

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             October 2, 2016 Sunday

Plantersville kicks off poetry for grant partnership

BYLINE: Emma Crawford Kent, Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 529 words


Oct. 02--PLANTERSVILLE -- Students at Plantersville and Tupelo middle schools
will soon be writing poetry about their communities to be shared with the public
as part of a grant partnership with the Lee County Library.

Lee County Library of Tupelo was awarded a $4,500 grant from the Mississippi
Arts Commission to create a mural depicting life in Lee County to commemorate
the 75th anniversary of the library.

Local artist Charlie Buckley will work with students in the Tupelo and Lee
County public school districts to create the mural and explore thoughts about
their home communities.

"It's very important for us to reach across school zones and school lines to be
a village to raise the children of Lee County," said Plantersville assistant
principal Lindsay Brett.

As part of the grant partnership, students will also be doing this exploration
in their classrooms by writing poetry.

On Nov. 1, the Lee County Library will unveil the mural and selected students
will read their original poem for attendees and community leaders.

Former Mississippi Poet Laureate Patricia Neely Dorsey visited Plantersville
Middle Friday to teach students about her writing process as they prepare to
write poetry in class over the next few weeks.

Brett said she hopes that in writing the poems, students will develop a greater
sense of ownership and pride around where they live.

Brett said the students have been excited about meeting Dorsey, whose poetry
they have been studying in class.

"They're also excited about the ones who will be chosen to read," Brett said.

Brett said while poetry is integrated into the curriculum throughout middle
school, the students don't often get the chance to use poetry to connect with
their own personal surroundings.

"I think it connects them to their community," Brett said. "It helps them see
the positives in their community, and it deepens the sense of pride in their
community."

Rae'Janae Peete, seventh-grader at Planters ville, said poetry is new to her,
but she's looking forward to reading and writing more of it.

Peete said she especially connects with Dorsey's poems.

"I like her poems the most," Peete said. "I can feel what she's talking about."

Presented with the opportunity to write her own poetry, Peete said she plans to
write about moving to Verona from out-of-state.

She also wants to try her hand at reading her poetry live at the Lee County
Library event on Nov. 1.

"It would be nice to come out of my shell a little and try something new," Peete
said. "I think I'm going to write about my experience being from Michigan and
coming here and how it's different."

Taking cues from Dorsey, Taylor Babbitt, seventh-grader at Plantersville, said
she might write her poem about things unique to the state of Mississippi, or
even Plantersville.

Babbitt said the thick Southern drawls of Mississippians and the landscapes
around Plantersville could serve as inspiration when she begins writing poetry
in class.

emma.crawford@journalinc.com

Twitter: @emcrawfordkent

___ (c)2016 the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) Visit the
Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) at www.djournal.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161002-TP-Plantersville-kicks-off-poetry-for-grant
-partnership-1002-20161002

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TP


               Copyright 2016 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal


                              90 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 5, 2015 Monday

World Accessibility in Rural America

LENGTH: 504  words


Washington, D.C.: U.S. Department of Agriculture has issued the following news
release:

Access to the world via internet and mobile phone services is at the fingertips
of most Americans, but this is not the reality for residents of many rural
communities across the Nation.

In October 2014, Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced $190.5 million in
grants and loans to make broadband and other advanced communications
infrastructure improvements in rural areas.

In December 2014, I visited with groups of people whose families and businesses
will benefit from a $1,771,035 USDA Rural Development Community Connect
Broadband Grant awarded to North Central Telephone Cooperative (NCTC) in
Lafayette, Tennessee.

This rural area bordering the Tennessee/Kentucky state line has seen their share
of businesses closing and families moving "closer to town."  Many of the
longtime residents understand why their children and grandchildren feel isolated
and have decided to move away, but they, along with community and business
leaders, hope the improvements that NCTC is making with the help of Rural
Development funds will turn the tide and draw businesses and people back into
the area.

Upon completion, NCTC service area residents will have access to internet speeds
ranging from 5 Megabits per second (Mbps) to a full 1 Gigabit per second (Gbps).
This means businesses will be able to capitalize off of e-commerce business
strategies and offer teleworking options to their employees; community members
will have more efficient and reliable access to commercial and emergency
services.

I was reminded by a young father that shared how much he enjoyed raising his
family on the same road as his parents, grandparents, siblings, aunts, and
uncles while also describing the challenge of not being able to work at home
because he did not have access to high-speed internet service, that building a
stronger rural America is not only vital to our nation economically, but as an
underpinning to strong families.

Breaking ground on this project felt more like USDA Rural Development and NCTC
were breaking antiquated barriers that have prevented America's rural
businesses, services and families from accessing the world.

USDA Rural Development's Community Connect Grant Program is designed for
communities like Lafayette. These grants enable access to broadband technology
that will sustain existing and attract new businesses to rural communities.
Broadband makes the world accessible even in rural America.

If your rural community needs financial assistance to make broadband access a
reality, USDA Rural Development is accepting applications* from state or town
governments, cooperatives, incorporated organizations, Indian Tribes and Tribal
Organizations for Community Connect Grants.

Together let's break down the barriers and make the world accessible. For more
information contact your local USDA Rural Development team.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              91 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Manly Daily (Australia)

                            March 31, 2012 Saturday
                             1 - Main Book Edition

Westpac's grant to Community Connect

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 60  words


WESTPAC will donate $10,000 to a northern beaches charity.

Community Connect was awarded the money as part of the Westpac Foundation's
Community Grant program.

Community Connect, an organisation that provides valuable assistance to
peninsula residents, is one of 55 non-profit organisations across Australia
nominated by Westpac employees to receive a $10,000 grant.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MAN


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Vallejo Times Herald (California)

                            November 10, 2013 Sunday

Community Foundations: 99 years of inventing a better way

BYLINE: By Stephanie Wolf/

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 485 words


The recent fiscal turmoil in Washington serves as a poignant reminder of the
important strength and stability of America's charitable sector. When political
upheaval forced a stop to programs and services on which communities and
families depend, community foundations all across the nation were lifelines.

Community foundations like Solano Community Foundation do not focus on one
issue; they exist to improve the entire community and address a diverse set of
local challenges. They connect donors to their charitable interests, engage
nonprofit organizations and neighborhood groups in efforts to strengthen
communities and bring together business, government and community leaders to
identify local needs and advance promising solutions to local problems.

Community Foundation Week, Nov. 12-18, is a time to recognize and reflect on the
unique impact that community foundations have made throughout America during the
last 99 years. The first community foundation was established in Cleveland, Ohio
in 1914. Today, there are more than 700 community foundations throughout America
serving their communities. Their local community foundations serve over 95% of
California's population.

Solano Community Foundation collaborates with local partners to address a
variety of challenges our residents face every day. We serve the seven cities
and unincorporated areas of Solano County. Our very diverse population of
415,000 people faces the whole range of community concerns. For example, to
bolster excellence in our public schools, we award $1,000 grants to teachers for
exemplary classroom projects. We award grants to local nonprofits for their
highest need (through our Nonprofit Partnership Program).

We make health care support grants to better serve seniors and veterans. We work
closely with scores of philanthropic individuals, families, and local
institutions and businesses to strategically guide their charitable giving into
organized philanthropy.

Community foundations understand what makes their communities tick: the pressing
needs, the forces of change, available resources and capacity for growth. They
connect people who care with causes that matter. We encourage members of our
community to participate in Community Foundation Week and connect with Solano
Community Foundation. Our Nonprofit Partnership Program brings the communities
and our nonprofit organizations together for everyone's benefit. Members of NPP
have a direct voice in strengthening our collective impact, improving the lives
of people in need. Working together, we can foster a culture of giving in Solano
County, and create opportunities to ensure a brighter future for us all.

*

Stephanie Wolf is the President and CEO of Solano Community Foundation, a
not-for-profit organization serving as grantmaker, community leader, and vehicle
for philanthropy in Solano County. To learn more, visit at www.solanocf.org or
call 707-399-3846.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Times-Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 18, 2016 Monday

Washington: Heitkamp Encourages Communities to Invest in Rural High Speed
Internet

LENGTH: 248  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Heidi Heitkamp has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Heidi Heitkamp encouraged eligible applicants to apply for nearly
$12 million in competitive federal funds to invest in high speed Internet.





 "In our increasingly connected world, everyone should have access to high-speed
and reliable Internet service, but unfortunately that isn't always the case,"
said Heitkamp. "High-speed Internet supports educational opportunities, small
businesses, and health care services, and it supports economic growth in
communities across our state. This federal funding can provide more of our
communities with the needed resources to support Internet access to underserved,
disadvantaged, and rural areas and encourage those who qualify to apply for this
critical funding."



 This federal funding is made available from the Rural Utility Service's (RUS)
Community Connect Grant Program through the U.S. Department of Agriculture. The
Community Connect Grant Program provides grants to Internet providers, tribal,
state, and local governments, as well as cooperatives that will provide them
with the financial support needed to invest in areas where it may not yet be
economically feasible to provide quality internet service. Those interested in
applying should visit the RUS website and have their applications submitted by
June 17, 2016.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 998 DOCUMENTS



             The Richmond River Express Examiner (New South Wales)

                                 July 13, 2011

Grant keeps project connected

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 200  words


THE Casino Uniting Care Transport Team has received a $21,000 State Government
grant to help Richmond Valley residents access important services as part of the
Casino Connect project.

Clarence MP Steve Cansdell, who announced the grant, said the Casino Connect
project would enable residents and families who needed assistance with
transportation to attend important medical, government and social services.

"This project will support the work of the Casino Uniting Care Transport Team in
the great work they do helping community members from the Richmond Valley," he
said.

"This includes residents who require assistance getting to and from a vehicle or
require help with carrying shopping, and people in remote areas who otherwise
could not access community services."

The project will enable residents to use taxis and the Uniting Care Transport
Team's existing resources, which include volunteer drivers and their cars and
small buses.

The funding will be used for fuel reimbursement and a subsidised taxi voucher
scheme.

"It is really important these people are not disadvantaged and can participate
in community life," Mr Cansdell said.

The grant will support the Casino Connect project for 12 months.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LRR


                    Copyright 2011 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              95 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 28, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Pocan, Welch, Pingree Lead Bipartisan Letter Urging USDA to Increase
Broadband Speeds in Rural Areas

LENGTH: 769  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Mark Pocan has issued the following news release:



 Last week, Rep. Mark Pocan (D-WI), Rep. Peter Welch (D-VT), and Rep. Chellie
Pingree (D-ME) led a bipartisan letter to Secretary Vilsack urging the
Department of Agriculture (USDA) to update broadband speed definitions for the
broadband deployment programs it oversees.





 The Broadband Loan Program and Community Connect Program, within USDA, are both
critical to providing much needed support for improving broadband networks in
rural America. USDA recently increased the definition of broadband for the
Broadband Loan Program to 10mbps download and 1mbps upload (10/1) capability,
which is consistent with the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) Connect
America Fund broadband requirement.



 However, this increased speed requirement is in contrast to the recently
updated 4/1 - from 3/1- broadband definition within the Community Connect
Program at USDA. This inconsistency is unnecessary and problematic to ensuring
the full potential of the Internet is realized in all urban and rural
communities alike.



 The letter has 28 bipartisan signers and has been signed by all 6 co-chairs of
the Rural Broadband Caucus. It is also supported by the Rural Broadband
Association and the National Rural Electric Cooperative Association.



 The text of the letter is below and a signed copy can be found here.



 Dear Secretary Vilsack:



 We write to you today regarding the Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee
Program (Broadband Loan Program) and the Community Connect Grant Program (
Community Connect Program). Both of these important programs are a part of the
Rural Utilities Service (RUS) within the Department of Agriculture (USDA). These
initiatives provide much-needed support for enhancing broadband infrastructure
in rural America, and we believe USDA can further enhance the impact of these
programs by making eligibility adjustments that are within the authority
delegated to you by Congress. In order to maintain the programs' relevance in an
age of rapidly increasing demand for bandwidth, we strongly urge you to consider
updating their broadband speed definitions, particularly the Community Connect
Program's Minimum Broadband Service benchmark.



 Broadband access is a vital link to a range of necessary services and resources
for America's rural residents. Not only is it an economic development tool for
businesses that may be isolated from potential customers and employees, but it
broadens educational horizons for students and offers healthcare providers
flexible and cost-effective care-delivery approaches. Businesses, students, and
patients are taking advantage of these connectivity-enabled opportunities, which
have been facilitated by innovative tools in videoconferencing, distance
learning, in-home health monitoring, and telemedicine, among other areas. As use
of these services increases and drives growth in IP traffic--Cisco projects a 20
percent compound annual growth rate in the volume of IP traffic in the US
through 2019 --federal policymakers must ensure that taxpayer-supported
infrastructure is sufficiently robust to handle demand. It is not only a matter
of fairness that rural Americans can fully utilize broadband-enabled resources,
but also a matter of ensuring that taxpayers are receiving the full economic
development return on their investments.



 In order to keep USDA's broadband infrastructure programs in step with current
needs, Congress has delegated to USDA the ability to update speed definitions
within both the Broadband Loan Program and the Community Connect Program. We
therefore respectfully request that for future funding years you increase the
Community Connect Program's Minimum Broadband Service definition. Such a change
will enable communities that are currently ineligible, but which nonetheless
lack adequate service, to engage with RUS and providers to improve their
connectivity. We also strongly encourage you to coordinate such changes with the
Federal Communications Commission (FCC) because that agency's universal service
programs are an important partner and complement to the work of USDA - it is
essential that as USDA updates it speed definition, the FCC must ensure that its
universal service programs keep pace.



 Thank you for your attention to this request. We look forward to working with
you as USDA continues the very important management of the Community Connect
Grant Program and Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com





LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Chronicle (Centralia, Washington)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 19, 2012 Saturday

Lewis County Community Trails Group Pursues Grants

BYLINE: Kyle Spurr, The Chronicle, Centralia, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 360 words


May 19--The nonprofit Lewis County Community Trails is applying for two
Washington Department of Transportation grants that would fund a pedestrian
bridge over the Skookumchuck River and asphalt on the Airport Levee Trail.

Community Trails Board President Steve Ward said the two grant applications are
due by June 30 and could lead to grants worth nearly $500,000 each.

The WSDOT will release a priority list Dec. 15 that will outline how much grant
money Community Trails will receive compared to other bike and pedestrian
programs in the state.

The award announcement will be in June next year, Ward said.

The proposed bridge over the Skookumchuck would connect the Fort Borst Park
trail system and the Airport Trail system. The bridge would be located 500 feet
downstream from the Interstate 5 bridge near mile marker 82 in Centralia.

The added asphalt to the Airport Levee Trail would cover the existing gravel on
the trail.

Ward said while Community Trails focuses on the grant opportunities, they
continue to look forward to connecting an entire network of trails in Lewis
County.

The current trails in the county are Discovery Trail, Borst Park Trail, Seminary
Hill Natural Area, Airport Levee Trail, Willapa Hills Trail, Stan Hedwall Park
and the walking trail at Rotary Riverside Park.

Ward said all the trails are disconnected and in the future he hopes to create a
direct north to south connection.

"There is no way to get north and south without fighting cars," Ward said.
"Within three to four years, we could have that north and south connector."

Community Trails also has a vision to connect with the Willapa Hills Trail,
commonly known as Rails to Trails. This would let people travel from Centralia
to Pe Ell.

"Once we make a connection with Willapa Trail, people will come from all over,"
Ward said.

Lewis County Community Trails formed in 2006 to work with city and state
agencies, local business owners, chambers of commerce and local citizens to
create a linked trail system and more places for health activity.

___ (c)2012 The Chronicle (Centralia, Wash.) Visit The Chronicle (Centralia,
Wash.) at www.chronline.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120519-1CE-Lewis-County-Community-Trails-Group-Pursues-Grants
-0519-20120519

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CE


                          Copyright 2012 The Chronicle


                              97 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          Nambour Weekly (Queensland)

                                  May 17, 2012

Funds help community

SECTION: Pg. 9

LENGTH: 410  words



HIGHLIGHT: Another $50,000 from RSL's Community Benefits Grant Fund

Grant fund

 For more information on the Nambour RSL's community programs, visit
nambourrsl.com.au/grow

MORE than $1.3 million - that is how much the Nambour RSL Club has donated to
the community in the past five years.

And that figure is set to grow, with the club gearing up to table $50,000 at its
fourth annual Community Benefits Grant Fund event next month.

The not-for-profit club, which was recently named Sunshine Coast Club of the
Year for the fourth time in five years, has played an integral part in the
community since its launch 58 years ago.

More than 90 sporting and community groups have benefited, ranging from Nambour
SES and 4 Paws Animal Rescue to the Cittamani Hospice Service.

Nambour RSL general manager Suzanne Long said as the club grew, so did its
involvement with the surrounding region.

"Not only are we one of the biggest employers in Nambour but we connect the
region's sporting, education, health and community groups," Ms Long said.

In the 2010/11 financial year, the club injected $357,000 into the community
through donations, sponsorships and its unique Community Benefits Grant Fund.
This financial year's contribution is on track to top that.

"The Nambour RSL Club is a not-for-profit organisation. The money spent in our
club goes back into the community," Ms Long said.

"We constantly contribute to the community and more than $190,000 of that
overall contribution has been distributed under the banner of our grant fund
program since it was launched in 2009."

Ms Long said this year's $50,000 grants program would be divided among 19
community and sporting groups at the annual dinner on June 14.

"Over the years, we have supported so many organisations through the program,
including Yandina Rugby League Club, Woombye Community Library, the
Nambour/Burnside Chaplaincy Committee and various schools," she said.

"Each year, we invite people to lodge a submission for the grant fund ranging
from $1000 to $5000 in value.

"Applicants must be a community based not-for-profit organisation, support
group, sporting organisation or charitable organisation from the Nambour and
surrounding area.

"Organisations must meet criteria and final selection, based on that criteria,
is determined by our community support committee."

Ms Long said the grant fund program was only one way organisations could connect
with the club.

"When we work with the community, play together and care together, it's the
community that profits," she said.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SNW


                    Copyright 2012 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                              July 23, 2010 Friday

USDA grants will help rural water systems

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 317 words


WASHINGTON -- U.S. Senator Jeff Bingaman today announced that the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's Rural Development office is releasing funding to
help three New Mexico communities improve their wastewater systems. "Upgrades
and improvements to a community's water infrastructure can be costly, especially
in the current economic climate. I am pleased the USDA is pitching in with grant
and loan opportunities to help get these projects done," Bingaman said.

The following communities were approved for funding under USDA's Water and Waste
Water Disposal Loan and Grant program.

Tyrone Property Owners' Association -- $661,000 loan; $2.51 million grant:
Funding will be used for a sewage lift station and a sewer force main that will
connect the unincorporated community of Tyrone with the Town of Silver City's
sewage collection system for transport to the Town of Silver City's wastewater
treatment plant.

Organ Water and Sewer Association in Organ -- $101,000 loan; $2.99 million
grant: Funding will be used to replace existing galvanized, deteriorated and
undersized water lines; installation of a telemetry control system and pressure
booster or pressure tanks and additional improvements to the community's
wastewater system.

Grant County -- $339,000 loan; $980,100 grant: Funding will be used to connect
the North Hurley Sewer Collection and Treatment System to the Regional
Wastewater Treatment System with a single lift station and related
appurtenances.

Bingaman also announced that the USDA also released a $49,000 grant and a
$67,000 loan to help purchase 3 Dodge Chargers and 1 Chevy Tahoe, as well as
related equipment, for the City of Bayard Police Department. The Chevy Tahoe
will allow the department to respond to the higher elevations within the service
area. The 3 Chargers will replace the vehicles that have high mileage and where
the maintenance is becoming a financial burden.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2010 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                            April 28, 2010 Wednesday

Food grants up for grabs Apply for it

SECTION: LIVING; Pg. E8

LENGTH: 174 words


Canadian school groups, community groups and families are encouraged to apply
for $100,000 worth of food grants being doled out by Hellmann's.

The mayonnaise company's Real Food Grants will support projects that connect
families and kids with real food in their community in 2010.

To be eligible, an initiative must either educate families and kids about real
food, or connect families and kids with real food through an experience or
event.

Grant ideas could be as small as hosting a picnic, organizing a lunch week for a
classroom or school, or setting up a group/class trip to experience real food at
something like a farmers' market, bakery or cheesemonger. Bigger initiatives
might include starting a community garden or greenhouse, organizing a community
food festival or event, or starting an in-school real food lunch program.

Hellmann's Real Food Grants applications will be accepted until June 30. Apply
at http://www.realfoodmovement.ca/latesttalk/www.realfoodmovement.caEND. The
grants will likely range from $500 to $10,000.

Jennifer Bain

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Hellmann''s is offering $100,000 worth of "real food" grants. Shan
Qiao photo

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2010 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              100 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 29, 2014 Wednesday

Nevada: USDA Announces Funding for Rural Broadband and Telecommunications
Infrastructure

LENGTH: 609  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of Agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced $190.5 million in grants and
loans to make broadband and other advanced communications infrastructure
improvements in rural areas.

"Modern telecommunications and broadband access is now as essential to the
businesses and residents of rural America as electricity was in the 1930s,"
Vilsack said. "USDA is committed to ensuring that rural Americans have robust
broadband and telecommunications systems. The investments we are announcing
today will provide broadband in areas that lack it, help rural-serving public
television stations begin using digital broadcasts, and support other
telecommunications infrastructure improvements."

USDA is providing assistance through the Community Connect Grant program, the
Public Television Digital Transition Grant program and the Telecommunications
Infrastructure Loan program.

Community Connect grants establish broadband service in rural areas to boost
economic growth and offer educational, health care, social and public safety
benefits. Public television grants help public television stations serving rural
areas acquire the equipment they need to transition from analog to digital
broadcasts. Telecommunications infrastructure loans help maintain, upgrade or
expand rural telecommunications networks.

Through today's announcement, USDA is providing $190.5 million for 25 projects
in 19 states, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands.
Funding is contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms of their grant or
loan agreements.

In Arkansas, Arkwest Communications is receiving a $24 million
telecommunications loan to provide voice, broadband, and internet TV service to
nearly 4,000 customers and to make other system improvements.

Nexus Systems, in Monroe, La., is receiving a $2.5 million Community Connect
grant to provide high-speed broadband in the Powhatan, La., area. Powhatan is
sparsely populated, economically distressed and considered a persistent poverty
area. USDA is targeting assistance to the region through its StrikeForce for
Rural Growth and Opportunity initiative.

Public television broadcasters serving the U.S. Virgin Islands will use a
$750,000 USDA grant to replace analog mobile production and satellite equipment
with a digital high-definition video recorder. Congress reauthorized the public
television grant program in the 2014 Farm Bill.

The Farm Bill builds on historic economic gains in rural America over the past
five years, while achieving meaningful reform and billions of dollars in savings
for taxpayers. Since its enactment, USDA has made significant progress to
implement each provision of this critical legislation. The Department has
provided disaster relief to farmers and ranchers; strengthened risk management
tools; expanded access to rural credit; funded critical research; established
innovative public-private conservation partnerships; developed new markets for
rural-made products; and invested in infrastructure, housing and community
facilities to help improve the quality of life in rural America. For more
information, visit www.usda.gov/farmbill.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              101 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          Nambour Weekly (Queensland)

                                 July 10, 2014

Grants forums for community groups

SECTION: Pg. 23

LENGTH: 266  words


Powell's

Pitch

Andrew Powell

OVER the years I have assisted many community groups in applying for State
Government grants, whether it is as a referee or through a letter of support.

To further assist groups in applying for grants, I will be holding information
forums with State Government grants officers on hand to provide advice and
answer questions.

Due to venue restrictions community groups are asked to nominate two members
only from their group to attend the forum.

Groups in the northern half of the Glass House electorate are invited to attend
the Maleny Grants Forum, on July30, 11am-noon.

Groups in the southern half of the electorate are invited to attend the Wamuran
Grants Forum, on July30 from 9-10am.

To register, email glass.house@parliament.qld .gov.au. or phone 54352013.

Sport and Recreation

FOLLOWING the grants forums, individual meetings will also be available with an
officer from the Department of Sport and Recreation Services.

Officers will provide advice for groups on grants administered under the
department, particularly on applications for the recently announced Get in the
Game funding round.

Hinterland Connect bus

I AM very pleased to advise that the Hinterland Connect bus service will stay.

The Queensland Government provided funding to extend the service for a further
12 months, pending council co-funding. With the help of Division5 councillor
Jenny McKay, council funding was secured.

I have also spoken to the Minister about reviewing the timetable to ensure that
passengers are able to meet their connections and/or appointments in order to
drive up patronage.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SNW


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              102 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                           December 8, 2016 Thursday

Lafayette receives $2.8M GOCO grant aimed at getting kids outdoors

BYLINE: Anthony Hahn Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 481 words


A project in Lafayette has been awarded a $2.8 million grant from the Great
Outdoors Colorado (GOCO). It is one of several programs to receive funding under
the Inspire Initiative project, which hopes to draw kids away from screens and
into nature.

GOCO gave the grant to the Nature Kids/Jovenes de la Naturaleza Lafayette, a
program that connects low-income and Latino youth living in Lafayette to nature
and the outdoors, the organization announced Thursday.

 During 2016, low-income and Latino residents from Lafayette participated in a
year-long, $200,000-plus planning effort funded primarily by GOCO and Thorne
Nature Experience.

 Thorne Nature Experience, formerly Thorne Ecological Institute, was founded in
Boulder in 1954.

 Approximately 200 youth and adults ages 5 to 40, 80 percent of whom are Latino,
helped NKJN collaborators understand the barriers they face to connecting with
nature and the outdoors and their ideas for removing these barriers.

 Gustavo Renya, mayor pro-tem of Lafayette, called the NKJN community engagement
effort, "the most significant effort to date to reach out to Lafayette's Latino
community and learn about the needs of young Latinos and their families."

 Keith Desrosiers, Thorne Nature Experience's executive director, said that more
than ever, kids need help to disconnect from technology and connect to nature.

 "This is especially true for low-income and Latino youth," he said.

 NKJN hopes to reach 2,750 kids in Lafayette and create 47 youth and community
jobs in the region.

 The grant will help fund the first three years of NKJN programming valued at $3
million and to complete a $1.8 million capital construction project to transform
the Sanchez Elementary school yard into a nature play park along with building a
new trail to connect local neighborhoods to the school, Debbie Wilmot,
Lafayette's public information officer, said Thursday.

 The NKJN program goals are to try ensure all Lafayette youth live within a safe
10 minute walk to nature and to connect them to nature through a continuum of
pre-K to high-school, backyard to back-country, and family integrated
programming.

 "The Nature Kids Project promises to bring a wealth of desirable amenities and
connectivity to the entire Lafayette community and especially the underserved
youth of Lafayette," Monte Stevenson, Lafayette's director of parks, recreation,
and open space, said.

 Programming will begin in June of 2017 with a suite of summer camp offerings
and employment opportunities for youth ages 5 to 19 and their families. The
Sanchez school yard and connector trail project will be designed in 2017 and
constructed in 2018.

 Anthony Hahn: 303-473-1422, hahna@dailycamera.com or twitter.com/_anthonyhahn

Will Luckenbill, right, walks across racks to a different spot while Bennett
Ross, continues to fish during the fishing derby at Waneka Lake Park in
Lafayette last year.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Will Luckenbill, right, walks across racks to a different spot while
Bennett Ross, continues to fish during the fishing derby at Waneka Lake Park in
Lafayette last year.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                              103 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Hobart Mercury (Australia)

                           November 15, 2008 Saturday
                                  1 - Edition

Bartlett gets on the climate bus

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 168  words


PREMIER David Bartlett climbed aboard the walking school bus in South Hobart
yesterday to prove his commitment to tackling climate change.

But he also backed his actions with a new $500,000 Climate Connect grants
program.

Grants of up to $50,000 will be available to community groups undertaking
projects that reduce emissions and conserve energy.

``The South Hobart primary School walking school bus would be a great project
for a community grant to keep an idea like this going,'' Mr Bartlett said.

``The walking school bus not only reduces emissions and cars on the road, it
also fosters good relationships within the community and helps children get to
school in a safe and healthy way.''

He said communities, governments and individual households had to work together
to meet the state's targets to reduce emissions by 60 per cent by 2050.

The first round of the Climate Connect grants program is now open and will close
on January 30.

Application forms can be found on the website www.climatechange.tas.

gov.au.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MER


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              104 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                              June 9, 2013 Sunday

App allows residents to report problems

BYLINE: Donna Boynton

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 572 words

DATELINE: WESTBORO


WESTBORO - Fixing a pothole is now as easy as spotting it, snapping a photo and
sending it straight from your smartphone.

The town has launched a smartphone application, called Commonwealth Connect and
made by SeeClickFix of New Haven, Conn., to track non-emergency problems and
infrastructure issues.

But the app is not limited to potholes; it can be for any so-called quality of
life issues. Users will be allowed to categorize the problem so it gets directed
to the appropriate department.

For instance, the app currently includes the categories "pothole" and "other."
Additional categories will be added based on usage, Town Manager James Malloy
said.

"It allows an easy connection from a resident to the town to file a complaint,"
Mr. Malloy said. "You don't have to make a phone call; it instantly generates a
work order to go out and take care it, and then sends a follow-up email."

Residents can also check the status of their complaint.

Mr. Malloy said the town already received one report through the app.

The smartphone app is free; smartphone users can use GPS to enter the address of
a problem and take a photo. Residents can also report problems with a Web-based
application is available on the town's website.

Westboro is one of 35 communities in the state using the app, which was funded
by the Community Innovation Challenge Grant Program. The participating towns
have free use of the program for two years, and if it proves to be a valuable
tool, the towns can choose to continue at an annual cost of about $6,000 per
year, Mr. Malloy said.

West Boylston has also been chosen to partner with the city of Boston in
launching the app program.

West Boylston will be unveiling its app in a few weeks.

"I couldn't be more excited about this," said Leon Gaumond Jr., town
administrator of West Boylston. "It is one of the more exciting things I have
had to deal with in West Boylston. This is one of the ways the next generation
of citizens will be reaching out to their government."

The way people communicate has changed in recent decades.

"People used to send letters, then it was faxes," Mr. Gaumond said. "Now people
write to their governments in tweets and texts."

In West Boylston, Mr. Gaumond is targeting these areas: graffiti, tree problems,
flooding or drainage issues, broken or missing signs and sidewalks.

Commonwealth Connect and its participating communities were announced in
December. The app is based on Citizens Connect, which was used by the city of
Boston and developed by Mayor Thomas Menino's Office of New Urban Mechanics.

The Commonwealth Connect app was funded by the Community Innovation Challenge
Grant, which is administered by the office of Administration and Finance as
towns look for ways to innovate and become more efficient, particularly by
regionalizing successful programs. Through that grant program, the city of
Boston was able to expand the Citizens Connect program to communities as far
away as Orange and as near as Newton.

Other communities participating in the program include Ayer, Barnstable,
Braintree, Brookfield, Chicopee, Clarksburg, Easton, Everett, Fall River,
Fitchburg, Framingham, Halifax, Haverhill, Holliston, Lexington, Malden, Medway,
Melrose, Middleboro, Nantucket, New Bedford, Newton, North Adams, Northampton,
Orange, Revere, Somerville, Taunton, Wakefield, Watertown, Whitman and Woburn.

Contact Donna Boynton at dboynton@telegram.com or follow her on Twitter
@DonnaBoyntonTG

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WESTBORO - Fixing a pothole is now as easy as spotting it, snapping a
photo and sending it straight from your smartphone. The town has launched a
smartphone application, called Commonwealth Connect and made by SeeClickFix of
New Haven, Conn., to track non-emergency problems and infrastructure issues.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              105 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Idaho Falls Post Register (Idaho)

                            January 28, 2014 Tuesday
                                  Main Edition

Successful Connections;
EITC scholarship program aids nontraditional students

BYLINE: By KIRSTEN JOHNSON,

SECTION: THE WEST; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 586 words


For years, money kept Crystal Lacey from attending college.

This year, the 25-year-old took the plunge, starting classes at Eastern Idaho
Technical College. Her financial concerns are being eased by Connect for
Success, a new scholarship and student-retention program at the college geared
toward helping nontraditional students succeed.

The program awarded Lacey a $750 scholarship and access to career workshops and
academic counseling - tools she'll need to navigate her way through the licensed
practical nursing program.

""The biggest hurdle was just being able to afford school,"" Lacey said. ""It's
helping me pay for books, but also with other aspects of life - like study
skills, how to succeed with a future and time management. It's given me a lot of
opportunities to do things I wouldn't otherwise be able to do.""

Lacey is one of 300 EITC students whom Connect for Success will assist through
2016.

In December, the college received a $300,000 grant from the J.A. and Kathryn
Albertson Foundation. It's enough money to fund scholarships for 50 students
each semester for three years, as well as pay for a full-time counselor.

Connect for Success is the second phase of a retention program at EITC called
Bridges to Success. That program started in 2010 after the college received a $1
million grant from the Albertson Foundation, EITC Foundation Director Natalie
Hebard said.

In 2013, the college reapplied for assistance from the Albertson Foundation, and
a few weeks ago, with the new grant money in place, Connect for Success was
launched.

""This is the second part of the plan to continue retention,"" Hebard said.
""Getting them from entrance to completion of college is really one of our main
goals.""

Since 1997, the Albertson Foundation has doled out shares of a $600 million
endowment to nonprofits and schools in Idaho, spokeswoman Jennie Sue Weltner
said. The endowment was donated by Kathryn Albertson, the wife of the grocery
chain's founder, Joe Al­­bertson.

In 2013, the Albertson Foundation awarded $31 million in grants to more than 120
schools in Idaho, as well as dozens of nonprofits. Other local schools receiving
grants in 2013 included Odyssey Charter School and Bingham Charter School; each
received $250,000 startup grants. Hillcrest High School also received a grant to
start the Khan Academy, an online math teaching program. The grant funded three
sets of iPads and three MacBooks.

EITC was one of five community and technical colleges statewide to receive the
continuous enrollment initiative grant, aimed at improving retention rates among
disadvantaged and nontraditional students, Weltner said.

""We realized we needed to do something to help those students,"" she said. ""So
this was a way to invite the community and technical colleges in Idaho to
participate.""

Katie Strittmatter, the program's new grant-funded counselor, said she's gearing
up for a semester's worth of workshops and activities. Mostly, she's simply
hoping to help students.

""I'm their point person on campus,"" she said. ""I'm their cheerleader, the one
helping them accomplish their goals. To me, these students just have so much
potential.""

Eventually, Lacey hopes to pursue a career in pediatrics. When she thinks of
where she's at now, she can't help but smile.

""This is something I've always wanted to do since I was a little kid,"" she
said. ""Now, I'm finally able to afford to go back and get extra help with the
scholarship - it's finally happening.""

Reporter Kirsten Johnson can be reached at 542-6757.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Post Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              106 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Telegraph (Alton, Illinios)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 7, 2014 Sunday

Farm to School grants help schools get healthy local food

BYLINE: The Telegraph, Alton, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 595 words


Dec. 07--PHILADELPHIA -- Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack recently announced
more than $5 million in grants for 82 projects spanning 42 states and the U.S.
Virgin Islands that support the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) efforts
to connect school cafeterias with local farmers and ranchers through its Farm to
School Program.

The program helps schools purchase more food from local farmers and ranchers in
their communities, expanding access to healthy local food for school children
and supporting local economies. According to USDA's first-ever Farm to School
Census released earlier this year, school districts participating in farm to
school programs purchased and served more than $385 million in local food in
school year 2011-2012, with more than half of participating schools planning to
increase their purchases of local food in the future.

"USDA is proud to support communities across the country as they plan and
implement innovative farm to school projects," said Vilsack. "These inspiring
collaborations provide students with healthy, fresh food, while supporting
healthy local economies. Through farm to school projects, community partners are
coming together to ensure a bright future for students, and for local farmers
and ranchers."

Vilsack made this announcement at Common Market, a pioneering food hub in
Philadelphia that connects wholesale customers to farmers in New Jersey,
Pennsylvania and Delaware. Common Market is receiving a grant to support their
"An Apple a Day" Program. The facility will act as a bridge between Pennsylvania
Family Farms, a small Pennsylvania value-added processor, and public charter
schools to provide food safety, product development, packaging, educational,
marketing, planning, ordering and delivery support to farm and school food
service partners.

Together, Common Market and the other selected projects will serve more than
4,800 schools and 2.8 million students, nearly 51 percent of whom live in rural
communities. A few additional examples include:

-- Tift County School System in Georgia will build on its current efforts to
provide agriculture and nutrition programs that are experiential, educational
and better connect students to local and regional food. Proposed activities
include retrofitting a school bus to serve as a farm bus/rolling classroom,
retrofitting a canning plant to preserve local tomatoes, and irrigating the
school farm to expand the growing season and increase yield.

--Colonial School District in Delaware will have students and staff directly
engaged in the entire process of planning, growing and processing foods,
creating new menus, and placing healthy foods directly into school nutrition
programs. At the Historic Penn Farm, high school students will grow crops for
both the school's breakfast and lunch programs.

-- The Inter Tribal Buffalo Council in South Dakota intends to provide locally
raised tribal bison meat into the school lunch programs, procure other locally
produced food products, and implement school gardens.

-- The National Future Farmers of America Organization (FFA) will connect local
youth producers/FFA members to school food buyers and host a series of webinars
focused on developing state level partnerships.

For a complete list of FY15 Farm to School grant recipients, please visit:
http://www.fns.usda.gov/sites/default/files/f2s/FY_2015_Grant_
Award_Summaries.pdf.

Information in this report was provided by the USDA.

___ (c)2014 The Telegraph (Alton, Ill.) Visit The Telegraph (Alton, Ill.) at
www.thetelegraph.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141207-AI-Farm-to-School-grants
-help-schools-get-healthy-local-food-1207-20141207

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AI


                          Copyright 2014 The Telegraph


                              107 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Wilson Daily Times (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          February 26, 2014 Wednesday

Town continues sidewalk, playground projects

BYLINE: Janet Conner-Knox, The Wilson Daily Times, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 692 words


Feb. 26--ELM CITY -- There was a time in many communities when walking or biking
to the corner store, drugstore and other businesses was a way of life.

Elm City officials would like to have that kind of connection for town
residents. So they are putting in sidewalks to make the town more
pedestrian-friendly.

There has already been a mile of sidewalks put in and signs encouraging Elm City
residents to walk, according to Jonathan Russell, town administrator for Elm
City.

Russell said it's good for people to see these positive steps for the town.

"There has been a lot of money spent on water and sewer infrastructure, but
that's all underground," Russell said. "But you've got to provide something for
the citizens they can see -- tangible things. Parks and sidewalks is something
they can use and enjoy."

In addition to making it convenient to walk to businesses, he said sidewalks
will link communities.

"We want to be able to have children walk to school," Russell said.

The first phase of getting sidewalks in Elm City came in 2011, when the town
received a $75,000 grant from the Rural Business Enterprise Grant.

"That allowed us to do the sidewalk installation on East Main Street and South
Branch Street connecting to the Piggly Wiggly and the downtown area," Russell
said. "It gave us roughly one mile of sidewalk."

The next phase will include two funding agencies -- DOT Safe Routes to School
grant and another Rural Business Center grant.

He said the DOT grant would be for $125,000 and the Rural Business grant an
additional $75,000. He said matching dollars are not required.

"Not only would some children be able to walk to school, people would be able to
walk to the library," Russell said. "And it will encourage people to get out and
walk to be more healthy and active and enjoy the community."

The new sidewalks would cover West Main Street, Lake Wilson Road and connect to
the elementary school.

Russell said there will be another portion paved on North Parker to connect to
Daniel Drive neighborhood area.

Russell said people are more apt to walk where there is a sidewalk.

"I think it is more inviting -- seems like a walking trail," Russell said.
"We've noticed a lot of usage and have gotten a lot of comments after it has
been put in."

People have requested more areas in Elm City be paved," Russell said. "That is
why we have continued with the effort of the grant applications."

Russell said sidewalks won't connect to the steps of residents' homes but will
be in the road rights-of-way.

Russell said if they are awarded the grant and go through the bidding process,
construction could begin in the early fall.

He said if the funding doesn't come through, they will try again.

"Funding is spread really thin and there is a lot of competition for what few
dollars there are out there," Russell said. "So we would have to keep applying."

The town is also planning its first playground area for children 5 to 12 years
old.

"We were notified several months ago that we received $30,000 from the N.C.
Parks and Recreational Trust Fund," Russell said.

Russell said they will develop a park on 3 acres the town owns.

The location is on the Parker Street extension.

They will build a picnic shelter and small system of playground equipment.
"Hopefully construction on that will start in the next month or so," Russell
said. "Site preparation is scheduled to begin in March. We'll do some clearing
of the brush and extra ditches put in to drain the property."

Once the preliminary work is completed, Russell said, the whole playground
project should progress quickly.

"We're pretty excited about that because we don't have anything for small
children," Russell said. "If children want to play in a space like that they
have to go to Wilson."

Russell said he thinks that new playground will be especially useful if they can
tie it in to the sidewalk system they are planning.

Russell said they are hoping for volunteers to come and help with the
construction of the playground.

janet@wilsontimes.com -- 265-7847

___ (c)2014 The Wilson Daily Times (Wilson, N.C.) Visit The Wilson Daily Times
(Wilson, N.C.) at www.wilsontimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140226-ZW-Town-continues-sidewalk-playground-projects-0226-20140226

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZW


                     Copyright 2014 The Wilson Daily Times


                              108 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Your Local Guardian

                                 July 19, 2011

Community spirit gets a lift in Claygate

BYLINE: Jonathan Portlock

SECTION: UPLOAD NEWS ARTICLES

LENGTH: 241  words


A grant has been awarded to a scheme that is aiming to preserve a community's
village spirit.

Elmbridge Council awarded its first ever grant in the Community Connect scheme
to the Claygate Shopping Experience, a collection of shops and businesses in the
village that are working together to get through tough economic times.

The scheme, launched in May this year, means each councillor at Elmbridge
Council has access to £500 of funding to donate to local groups of initiatives
that are being run to benefit the wider community.

Claygate Councillor Steve Wells awarded £250 of the money towards the Claygate
Shopping Experience's production of a children's sticker group.

Children in Claygate can collect 23 stickers for their sticker book from the
village shops to win a retro-looking badge and have the opportunity to enter a
colouring competition with more prizes on offer.

Children in local primary schools had input in the sticker book's design.

Leader of Elmbridge Council, Councillor John O'Reilly, said: "The Community
Connect scheme enables neighbourhoods to take greater control of their own
communities - creating stronger neighbourhoods and ensuring the Big Society in
Elmbridge continues to grow. The Claygate Shopping Experience is a great example
of the community coming together to tackle a shared issue."

Groups and organisations who want to apply to their local councillor for a grant
can find out more by visiting elmbridge.gov.uk/connect.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              109 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 4, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: NM Delegation Announces $1 Million for Construction of Bike and
Pedestrian Routes at Laguna Pueblo

LENGTH: 358  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Martin Heinrich has issued the following news
release:



  Today, U.S. Senators Tom Udall and Martin Heinrich and U.S. Representatives
Steve Pearce, Ben Ray Luj&aacute;n and Michelle Lujan Grisham announced that the
Pueblo of Laguna will receive a $1 million grant to help complete a network of
bike and pedestrian routes. The grant, awarded through the U.S. Department of
Transportation's TIGER VII Discretionary Grant Program, will fund construction
of the Pueblo's Bike and Pedestrian Priority Route Construction Project, which
will connect its six distinct villages and provide links to adjacent communities
in Cibola County. The lawmakers supported the Pueblo's application for funding
in April. Connecting centers of employment, education and services will support
long-term job growth and promote economic development.









 "This funding will create new transportation options to connect communities and
make it easier for members of Laguna Pueblo to get to jobs, school and important
services. Enabling people to get to work and businesses will help boost economic
development in the region," the lawmakers said. "The Pueblo's bike and
pedestrian project is a model for transportation planning and development, and
we were proud to support its application for funding from the TIGER program. We
will continue to fight for investments in New Mexico's transportation
infrastructure to help boost long-term job growth and strengthen our economy."







 A Pueblo of Laguna Community Biking and Walking Advisory Group with
representatives from each of the six villages planned projects to improve bike
and pedestrian routes to reconnect the six Pueblo communities, connect the
villages to the subdivisions, promote housing redevelopment in the villages and
revitalize the Pueblo's economic centers. This TIGER grant funding will support
the continued construction of projects to promote alternative transportation
access, safety, health and fitness, and the revitalization of the Pueblo's
villages.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              110 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            March 31, 2005 Thursday

Grant clears way for multi-use path;
Centerville, park district had already OK'd master plan

BYLINE: By Helen Bebbington For the Dayton Daily News

SECTION: CENTERVILLE BELLBROOK; Pg. Z2-3

LENGTH: 630 words


The path is getting smoother for those who like to bike, walk or run in
Kettering and the Centerville area.

The city of Kettering was recently awarded a $260,000 state grant to improve a
multi-use path, while the Washington Twp. trustees on March 21 approved a
multi-use trail master plan.

The city of Centerville and the Centerville-Washington Park District had already
approved the master plan.

The goal is to one day have a path that connects all three communities to the
longer Creekside Trail, which goes to Xenia, Cincinnati and other cities.

In the meantime, both communities are trying to improve and lengthen the trails
they have, one piece at a time.

The Kettering path, which will one day connect with the one in Centerville, will
be called Iron Horse Trail, which is already the name of the Centerville path
that ends at Interstate 675, near Marshall Road.

The grant money, which comes from the Clean Ohio Fund, will be coupled with
$470,000 in funds from Kettering, said Mary Beth Thaman, director of Parks,
Recreation and Cultural Arts Department in Kettering.

The money will improve the path that goes through State Farm Park, which is in
northeast Kettering, at the intersection of Galewood Street and Vale Drive.

A large portion of the money will go toward building two bridges, one of which
goes over several tributaries of the Little Beaver Creek, Thaman said. The trail
will be asphalt.

"I'm pretty excited about it," Thaman said. "Finally, we get connected. I hope
it will connect to Delco Park eventually. That would be huge."

Further improvements, including a connection to the trail in Centerville, will
not come for years, but Thaman said that is the goal.

For neighborhoods west of Wilmington Pike, near Dorothy Lane, the improved
Kettering trail will be fairly easy to access.

Thaman said some property owners and retailers in that area, as well as in other
places, have been supportive of efforts to have the trail go on or near their
property.

"People have been open to leasing or licensing opportunities," Thaman said.

The ultimate goal is to have the Kettering trail connect, eventually, with the
Creekside Trail, which runs along U.S. 35.

In Centerville, the trail master plan would allow residents to walk or bike to
stores, or just exercise, said Carol Kennard, director of the
Centerville-Washington Park District.

Thaman and Kennard have discussed finding a way to connect the Kettering path,
which would be parallel to Hempstead Station Drive, and the one in Centerville.

Both community trails likely will use the land that used to be a rail line, and
which runs just east of Delco Park, Hempstead Station and goes into Centerville.

The Centerville portion of Iron Horse Trail is most easily accessed at Iron
Horse Park, which is just south of Whipp Road, near Oak Creek Plaza.

Kennard said the challenge now is getting over or under Interstate 675 to
continue the trail.

In the meantime, Centerville and Washington Twp. want to improve and connect
sidewalks and trails throughout the community.

"With all the talk of rising obesity, we're encouraging people to bike or walk,
and quit relying on our vehicles," Kennard said.

A task force studied ideas for multiuse trails and surveyed 600 people in the
community before the plan was made.

The master plan names shortterm, midterm and long-term improvements.

A few short-term improvements would include paving Iron Horse Trail, which is
mostly grass; putting a sidewalk along Ohio 48 between Rahn and Whipp roads; and
putting a sidewalk along Nutt Road so people can walk to Schoolhouse Park.

There is no timeline for the plan, and Kennard said they would look into grants
and other sources to pay for some of the improvements.

For more information on the Centerville multi-use trail plan, visit
www.createthevision.org.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              111 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 15, 2015 Sunday

Washington: WV Gov. Tomblin Announces Growing Healthy Communities Grants

LENGTH: 480  words

DATELINE: Washington


Southern Governors' Association has issued the following news release:

Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin announced awards for seven projects totaling $135,720 in
grants for the Growing Healthy Communities Grant Program.

"I applaud the ingenuity of these local leaders who are taking steps to make
life healthier and more enjoyable for folks in their communities," said Gov.
Tomblin. "I'm grateful for the continued strong partnership between the Claude
Worthington Benedum Foundation, the West Virginia Department of Health and Human
Resources, and the West Virginia Development Office for continuing to make this
grant program, and the projects it supports, possible."

The West Virginia Development Office administers the Growing Healthy Communities
Program, with funding provided by the Claude Worthington Benedum Foundation and
the West Virginia Department of Health and Human Resources. The program provides
competitive grants for West Virginia Main Street and ON TRAC communities for
activities that increase community health and wellness while also providing
opportunities for downtown revitalization and development.

The projects include:

Elkins ON TRAC: $25,000 grant to begin the implementation phase of the rail yard
path to connect the Elkins Rail Yard to downtown attractions.

Main Street Fairmont: $24,890 grant to begin the implementation phase of the
Fairmont Connectivity Plan. Crosswalks will be painted with murals and artistic
bike racks will be installed in the historic downtown, and community events will
be held to encourage use and safety for pedestrians and cyclists.

Main Street Kingwood: $12,490 grant to continue the development of the Preston
County/Kingwood Farm to Table initiative by loaning iPads to local farmers to
enable credit card, EBT, and WIC acceptance at the Kingwood Farmer's Market. The
project will also install a high-tunnel and community garden to encourage
gardening among seniors and low income citizens in the area.

Main Street Morgantown: $25,000 grant to design and implement way finding
signage to connect existing trails, the Wharf district, and the downtown area.

Parsons Revitalization Organization: $22,118 grant to add fitness stations and
activity panels in Mill Race Park.

Town of Shinnston: $14,500 grant to conduct a local business health assessment
and enhance walkability by completing the Rail Trail and the trail in Ferguson
Park.

Town of Sutton: $11,630 grant to enhance the Sutton Farmer's Market and promote
bicycling in Sutton. The grant project will provide more canopies and tables for
the Sutton Farmer's Market, install a sound system and security system at the
Sutton Farmer's Market, and a plan for a permanent structure. The project will
also install 18 bike racks in the area and hold an event to promote cycling.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              112 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            March 31, 2005 Thursday

Grant clearing path for Kettering;
Goal is to have multi-use trail that links area cities

BYLINE: By Helen Bebbington For the Dayton Daily News

SECTION: KETTERING OAKWOOD; Pg. Z1-1

LENGTH: 638 words


KETTERING - The path is getting smoother for those who like to bike, walk or run
in Kettering and the Centerville area.

The city of Kettering was recently awarded a $260,000 state grant to improve a
multi-use path, while the Washington Twp. trustees on March 21 approved a
multi-use trail master plan.

The city of Centerville and the Centerville-Washington Park District had already
approved the master plan.

The goal is to one day have a path that connects all three communities to the
longer Creekside Trail, which goes to Xenia, Cincinnati and other cities.

In the meantime, both communities are trying to improve and lengthen the trails
they have, one piece at a time.

The Kettering path, which will one day connect with the one in Centerville, will
be called Iron Horse Trail, which is already the name of the Centerville path
that ends at Interstate 675, near Marshall Road.

The grant money, which comes from the Clean Ohio Fund, will be coupled with
$470,000 in funds from Kettering, said Mary Beth Thaman, director of Parks,
Recreation and Cultural Arts Department in Kettering.

The money will improve the path that goes through State Farm Park, which is in
northeast Kettering, at the intersection of Galewood Street and Vale Drive.

A large portion of the money will go toward building two bridges, one of which
goes over several tributaries of the Little Beaver Creek, Thaman said. The trail
will be asphalt.

"I'm pretty excited about it," Thaman said. "Finally, we get connected. I hope
it will connect to Delco Park eventually. That would be huge."

Further improvements, including a connection to the trail in Centerville, will
not come for years, but Thaman said that is the goal.

For neighborhoods west of Wilmington Pike, near Dorothy Lane, the improved
Kettering trail will be fairly easy to access.

Thaman said some property owners and retailers in that area, as well as in other
places, have been supportive of efforts to have the trail go on or near their
property.

"People have been open to leasing or licensing opportunities," Thaman said.

The ultimate goal is to have the Kettering trail connect with the Creekside
Trail, which runs along U.S. 35.

In Centerville, the trail master plan would allow residents to walk or bike to
stores, or just exercise, said Carol Kennard, director of the
Centerville-Washington Park District.

Thaman and Kennard have discussed finding a way to connect the Kettering path,
which would be parallel to Hempstead Station Drive, and the one in Centerville.

Both community trails likely will use the land that used to be a rail line, and
which runs just east of Delco Park, Hempstead Station and goes into Centerville.

The Centerville portion of Iron Horse Trail is most easily accessed at Iron
Horse Park, which is just south of Whipp Road, near Oak Creek Plaza.

Kennard said the challenge now is getting over or under Interstate 675 to
continue the trail.

"It's one of the things we're exploring," she said.

In the meantime, Centerville and Washington Twp. want to improve and connect
sidewalks and trails throughout the community.

"With all the talk of rising obesity, we're encouraging people to bike or walk,
and quit relying on our vehicles," Kennard said.

A task force studied ideas for multi-use trails and surveyed 600 people in the
community before the plan was made.

The master plan names shortterm, midterm and long-term improvements.

A few short-term improvements would include paving Iron Horse Trail, which is
mostly grass; putting a sidewalk along Ohio 48 between Rahn and Whipp roads; and
putting a sidewalk along Nutt Road so people can walk to Schoolhouse Park.

There is no timeline for the plan, and Kennard said they would look into grants
and other sources to pay for some of the improvements.

For more information on the Centerville multi-use trail plan, visit
www.createthevision.org.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              113 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                             March 5, 2013 Tuesday

Foundation grant offers employment skills to homeless in Western Mass.

BYLINE: By Josh Stilts, Berkshire Eagle Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 564 words


HOLYOKE -- Denise Rios wanted nothing more in life than to be an EMT, to help
save the lives of others. There was one major problem, however. She was
homeless.

Originally from Puerto Rico, Rios moved around several times trying to find an
opportunity to learn the necessary skills to receive her license as a paramedic,
but everywhere she went, the jobs and education weren't available to her.

Then she moved to Western Massachusetts with her children and her fiancé. They
were placed in a family shelter in Holyoke.

The situation seemed bleak, she said, but there was light at the end of her
journey.

She found a path through the Paul and Phyllis Fireman Charitable Foundation,
which created a pilot project called Secure Jobs Connect, to help homeless
families achieve the necessary job skills and training to get a job that could
sustain a living wage.

Rios was given a scholarship to attend Holyoke Community College and pursue her
dream.

"It gave me that hope," she said at a press conference Tuesday at the campus.
"That I wanted to keep walking forward for my life and for my kids. I feel
blessed every day."

There are more than 3,000 homeless families in the state, many with the same
story as Rios.

Pamela Schwartz, director of the Western Massachusetts Network to End
Homelessness, said the pilot could be a way for many more families to gain
employment and escape homelessness.

On Tuesday, Schwartz said that the Fireman Charitable Foundation has given a
$300,000 grant to launch the pilot project across Berkshire, Franklin, Hampden
and Hampshire counties.

"This is the single greatest case to end homelessness," Schwartz said. "Already
families are closer to employment and sustaining a home."

Funding will help connect the families in greatest need with child care
providers, transportation to and from work or job training, and provide
sustainable housing, she said.

Schwartz said each business that has a candidate in the Secure Jobs Connect
project placed on its payroll will have either 50 percent of the employee's
gross pay reimbursed for on-the-job training, or an hourly rate can be
negotiated and the SJC will absorb the cost of payroll taxes, workers'
compensation and liability insurance for the first four weeks.

Aaron Gornstein, undersecretary of the state Department of Housing and Community
Development, said the project has already made a great impact in lessening the
number of homeless families.

"It's not just about providing a roof over someone's head, but to get them the
proper job training and the ability to sustain it," he said. "We want to reduce
the number of families living in the hotels and motels and we have. Since July
1, there's been a 45 percent reduction in Western Massachusetts from 500 to 283.
We're going to get down to zero as soon as possible."

Heriberto Flores, president and CEO of Corporation for Public Management, which
helps connect people with training opportunities and jobs, and a former chairman
of Holyoke Community College, said he knows firsthand how investment in people
can return large dividends.

Flores was on a state-welfare program 20 years ago, but said he used his
opportunity to the fullest.

"I had nothing, but the city of Springfield invested in me, and I was chairman
of a college," he said. "Imagine the possibilities. Someone may be homeless
today, but could be president of this college. We just have to work together."

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Denise Rios was living in a homeless shelter with her children and
fiance until pilot project Secure Jobs Connect gave her the opportunity to
attend Holyoke Community College.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              114 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                      June 27, 2012 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

The Principal Financial Group Announces Central Iowa Grant Recipients

LENGTH: 440  words


New Delhi, June 27 -- In an effort to support and improve the quality of life
for its employees and local communities, the Principal Financial Group and the
Principal Financial Group Foundation have awarded $634,500 in grants to 82
organizations in Central Iowa for the first quarter of 2012. Grant funding was
given to organizations focused on improving and providing health and human
services in the communities they serve.

"Giving back is engrained in the culture at The Principal. It's important to
support the communities our employees call home," said Mary O'Keefe, senior vice
president and chief marketing officer, The Principal. "Enriching the Central
Iowa community helps retain and attract top talent, creates an excellent
business environment and makes for a great place to live - and work."

Among the health programs receiving funding were:

* Des Moines Health Center- Grant funds will support the Smile Squad Program
which provides oral health education, screenings, and dental sealants to
children in Central Iowa.

* Prevent Blindness Iowa- The grant will support the Children's Vision Screening
program, which aims to detect vision problems in children before they cause
irreversible damage.

Among the human service programs receiving funding were:

* WesleyLife Community Services- Grant funding will support its free money
management program, which provides financial management education for older low-
to moderate-income adults with disabilities.

* Youth Policy Institute of Iowa- Grant funds will support Opportunity Passport,
a program that helps young adults transitioning out of foster care to develop
financial management skills.

* ISED Ventures- funding will support the Financial Literacy program for
disadvantaged Iowans, providing education in basic computer skills, social
media, website management, and online financial tools.

* Catholic Charities- The grant will support the Hispanic Community Outreach
Program which connects new Spanish-speaking residents to community resources and
educational programming.

For more information on how The Principal gives back, visit:
http://www.principal.com/community.

For more news and insights from The Principal, connect with us on Twitter at
http://twitter.com/ThePrincipal.

About the Principal Financial Group Foundation

The Principal Financial Group Foundation provides philanthropic investments in
the communities where employees live and work through employee matching gifts,
one-time major gifts, and a formal grants program. Grants are awarded on a
quarterly basis in the following categories: Health & Human Services; Education;
Arts & Culture; Civic, Community, and Environment.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2012 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              115 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        St. Joseph News-Press (Missouri)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            April 14, 2016 Thursday

Mosaic offers funding for community health programs

BYLINE: Jena Sauber, St. Joseph News-Press, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 448 words


April 14--Mosaic Life Care officials hope that a new Community Connect program
will help encourage agencies to address population health issues by providing
funding through a streamlined process.

"This is a new program because we know that organizations here in town have
really innovative ideas on how to approach population health," said Marcy
George, team leader for community health at Mosaic. "We want to give them the
resources to actually put those plans in action."

The new request for proposal process, which will officially launch April 15,
will "streamline" the process for allocating funds for community organizations,
said Pat Dillon, vice president of advocacy and government relations with
Mosaic. While they have given grants for similar projects in the past, the new
program will improve the application and allocation process, he said.

"We get a tons of requests as you can imagine," he said. "...This just makes it
a little easier for those agencies to know exactly when they can make the
request, what it takes. It makes it easier on our end so everything looks the
same. ...It really streamlines it and gives us a process that we can follow all
the time."

Areas of need in population health identified by the most recent Community
Health Needs Assessment include obesity prevention and mental health and a new
need, social determinants that affect access to health care.

"There are many things that influence access. We are talking about stable
housing, food security, transportation," she said. "Those are the things that we
are trying to get at by funding agencies who have ideas, new ideas to solve old
problems."

Agencies can apply for a grant between $5,000 and $250,000 through the program.
Currently, no cap has been set on the total grant funding, Dillon said. Programs
must serve a vulnerable population, be evidence-based, have a solution that
addresses a community issue and be able to measure a positive impact, according
to the program's requirements.

The Community Connect program will not affect lower level funding for community
programs such a charity walks and sports teams that typically receive between
$250 and $500, George said.

The application is available at mymosaiclifecare.org/connect starting April 15.
An informational session will be held at 9 a.m. April 25 in the Thrive and
Flourish conference rooms at Mosaic.

The deadline for proposals is May 16 and funding will be awarded in July.
Contact George at 816-271-7021 or marcy.george@mymlc.com for more information.

___ (c)2016 the St. Joseph News-Press (St. Joseph, Mo.) Visit the St. Joseph
News-Press (St. Joseph, Mo.) at www.newspressnow.com/index.html Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160414-JM-Mosaic-offers-funding-for-community
-health-programs-0414-20160414

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JM


                      Copyright 2016 St. Joseph News-Press


                              116 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        SUNDAY TELEGRAM (Massachusetts)

                              June 9, 2013 Sunday

App allows residents to report problems

BYLINE: Donna Boynton, TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 570 words

DATELINE: WESTBORO


Fixing a pothole is now as easy as spotting it, snapping a photo and sending it
straight from your smartphone.

The town has launched a smartphone application, called Commonwealth Connect and
made by SeeClickFix of New Haven, Conn., to track non-emergency problems and
infrastructure issues.

But the app is not limited to potholes; it can be for any so-called quality of
life issues. Users will be allowed to categorize the problem so it gets directed
to the appropriate department.

For instance, the app currently includes the categories "pothole" and "other."
Additional categories will be added based on usage, Town Manager James Malloy
said.

"It allows an easy connection from a resident to the town to file a complaint,"
Mr. Malloy said. "You don't have to make a phone call; it instantly generates a
work order to go out and take care it, and then sends a follow-up email."

Residents can also check the status of their complaint.

Mr. Malloy said the town already received one report through the app.

The smartphone app is free; smartphone users can use GPS to enter the address of
a problem and take a photo. Residents can also report problems with a Web-based
application is available on the town's website.

Westboro is one of 35 communities in the state using the app, which was funded
by the Community Innovation Challenge Grant Program. The participating towns
have free use of the program for two years, and if it proves to be a valuable
tool, the towns can choose to continue at an annual cost of about $6,000 per
year, Mr. Malloy said.

West Boylston has also been chosen to partner with the city of Boston in
launching the app program.

West Boylston will be unveiling its app in a few weeks.

"I couldn't be more excited about this," said Leon Gaumond Jr., town
administrator of West Boylston. "It is one of the more exciting things I have
had to deal with in West Boylston. This is one of the ways the next generation
of citizens will be reaching out to their government."

The way people communicate has changed in recent decades.

"People used to send letters, then it was faxes," Mr. Gaumond said. "Now people
write to their governments in tweets and texts."

In West Boylston, Mr. Gaumond is targeting these areas: graffiti, tree problems,
flooding or drainage issues, broken or missing signs and sidewalks.

Commonwealth Connect and its participating communities were announced in
December. The app is based on Citizens Connect, which was used by the city of
Boston and developed by Mayor Thomas Menino's Office of New Urban Mechanics.

The Commonwealth Connect app was funded by the Community Innovation Challenge
Grant, which is administered by the office of Administration and Finance as
towns look for ways to innovate and become more efficient, particularly by
regionalizing successful programs. Through that grant program, the city of
Boston was able to expand the Citizens Connect program to communities as far
away as Orange and as near as Newton.

Other communities participating in the program include Ayer, Barnstable,
Braintree, Brookfield, Chicopee, Clarksburg, Easton, Everett, Fall River,
Fitchburg, Framingham, Halifax, Haverhill, Holliston, Lexington, Malden, Medway,
Melrose, Middleboro, Nantucket, New Bedford, Newton, North Adams, Northampton,
Orange, Revere, Somerville, Taunton, Wakefield, Watertown, Whitman and Woburn.

Contact Donna Boynton at dboynton@telegram.com or follow her on Twitter
@DonnaBoyntonTG

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2013 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              117 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            July 20, 2016 Wednesday

Local Nonprofit Receives Rotary Grant

BYLINE: Linda Hall

SECTION: SUBMITTED CONTENT; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 228 words


Connect to Community, Inc., a non-profit organization serving young adults with
developmental disabilities, has received a $1000 community grant from the Rotary
Club of Arlington Heights. Funds will be used in support of their Customized
Employment initiative, specifically towards the creation of a Procedural Binder
which will make the process more efficient and consistent.

Founded in 2013 by four mothers, Connect to Community (CTC) is dedicated to
finding and facilitating purposeful employment and enjoyment for adults with
disabilities. CTC provides social and volunteer opportunities for its clients as
well as educational outreach for families through monthly seminars and tours and
an annual Transition Summit. It is currently piloting its Customized Employment
program and looks forward to working with additional job-seekers in the coming
months.

Customized Employment is defined by the U.S. Department of Labor's Office of
Disability Employment Policy (ODEP) as a means of individualizing the employment
relationship between employees and employers in ways that meet the needs of
both. CTC's mission is aligned with the national Employment First initiative
which states that employment in the community should be the first and preferred
option for individuals with disabilities.

For more information about Connect to Community, email them at
ConnectToCommunityInc

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              118 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 5, 2011 Thursday

Grant to help spread broadband Internet access

BYLINE: Cumberland Times-News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 454 words


May 05--OAKLAND -- With a $50,000 grant from the Appalachian Regional Commission
in hand, Garrett County hopes to make broadband Internet access available to
most of the county by 2014, according to County Administrator Monty Pagenhardt.

Matching county funds will allow for a detailed engineering, design and business
feasibility study to be completed in the next year. The study will determine the
most productive methods to leverage a federal stimulus broadband grant awarded
to Maryland in September 2010.

The stimulus money can be used to deploy about 50 miles of fiber backbone to
connect schools, libraries, government, health care and public safety agencies.
That will allow qualified Internet service providers to offer higher-speed and
more affordable service to a greater number of homes and business throughout the
county, Pagenhardt said.

"Greater access to broadband will create new opportunities for economic
development throughout the county," said county commission chairman Gregan
Crawford. "Broadband access is a high priority for any area that seeks to
attract and retain businesses as well as expand the opportunities for people to
work from home. The importance of high-speed broadband cannot be overstated and
is a priority of the board of county commissioners."

The ARC grant application was prepared by the Garrett County Department of
Economic Development and approved by the Maryland Department of Planning and the
Tri County Council of Western Maryland.

U.S. Sens. Ben Cardin and Barbara Mikulski announced the grant Thursday, saying
that only 65 percent of households in the county have access to broadband
Internet.

"Technology is the key to innovation and growth in our economy and all
Marylanders -- regardless of where they live -- should have access to the tools
they need to succeed," Cardin said. "Schools, businesses and support services in
Garrett County will be able to provide residents with improved services thanks
to the increased broadband Internet access that this grant will help provide."

"In today's global marketplace, broadband is what connects U.S. communities and
businesses to each other and to the world," Mikulski said. "This grant will help
communities in Garrett County determine how to best connect to the information
superhighway, which will bring new jobs and opportunity to communities and small
businesses in Western Maryland."

To see more of the Cumberland Times News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.times-news.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Cumberland Times-News, Md.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110505-UM-Grant-to-help-spread-broadband-Internet-access-0505-20110505

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                      Copyright 2011 Cumberland Times-News


                              119 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        Warwick Daily News (Queensland)

                              May 5, 2015 Tuesday

Art group to help socially excluded

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 251  words


Erin Smith

Reporter

A HEFTY grant from BEST Employment's Best in Community funding scheme will go a
long way to helping Corina Graham achieve her goal of helping people connect.

Mrs Graham, a member of the Demented Artists Group, applied for the grant last
year. Her goal was to hold a magna art workshop and the $2000 she received
yesterday will help her achieve this.

"Our background is in helping people who are dealing with social exclusion," Mrs
Graham said.

"We wanted to help younger people and magna art is something they are all
interested in. Group art helps with self-esteem levels and encourages people to
get together."

Participants will have a chance to work with illustrator quality materials
during the sessions.

BEST Employment employment consultant Toni Park said it was great to be able to
support local community groups.

"Our community groups have such great ideas and innovations and it is wonderful
we are able to help them out with the grants," she said.

Mrs Graham said she was grateful for the grant.

"I am hoping it will allow us to connect with socially excluded members of our
community and the disabled as well," she said.

The workshop will run for 12 weeks, with each session running for two hours.

The plan at the moment is to hold the workshops at the Warwick Art Gallery.

Due to the Jumpers and Jazz in July Festival, the workshops will not get
underway until the end of July. Those looking to take part can submit an
expression of interest to Mrs Graham by emailing corinasart@outlook.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WDN


                    Copyright 2015 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              120 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 15, 2015 Sunday

Washington: WV Gov. Tomblin Announces Growing Healthy Communities Grants

LENGTH: 480  words

DATELINE: Washington


Southern Governors' Association has issued the following news release:

Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin announced awards for seven projects totaling $135,720 in
grants for the Growing Healthy Communities Grant Program.

"I applaud the ingenuity of these local leaders who are taking steps to make
life healthier and more enjoyable for folks in their communities," said Gov.
Tomblin. "I'm grateful for the continued strong partnership between the Claude
Worthington Benedum Foundation, the West Virginia Department of Health and Human
Resources, and the West Virginia Development Office for continuing to make this
grant program, and the projects it supports, possible."

The West Virginia Development Office administers the Growing Healthy Communities
Program, with funding provided by the Claude Worthington Benedum Foundation and
the West Virginia Department of Health and Human Resources. The program provides
competitive grants for West Virginia Main Street and ON TRAC communities for
activities that increase community health and wellness while also providing
opportunities for downtown revitalization and development.

The projects include:

Elkins ON TRAC: $25,000 grant to begin the implementation phase of the rail yard
path to connect the Elkins Rail Yard to downtown attractions.

Main Street Fairmont: $24,890 grant to begin the implementation phase of the
Fairmont Connectivity Plan. Crosswalks will be painted with murals and artistic
bike racks will be installed in the historic downtown, and community events will
be held to encourage use and safety for pedestrians and cyclists.

Main Street Kingwood: $12,490 grant to continue the development of the Preston
County/Kingwood Farm to Table initiative by loaning iPads to local farmers to
enable credit card, EBT, and WIC acceptance at the Kingwood Farmer's Market. The
project will also install a high-tunnel and community garden to encourage
gardening among seniors and low income citizens in the area.

Main Street Morgantown: $25,000 grant to design and implement way finding
signage to connect existing trails, the Wharf district, and the downtown area.

Parsons Revitalization Organization: $22,118 grant to add fitness stations and
activity panels in Mill Race Park.

Town of Shinnston: $14,500 grant to conduct a local business health assessment
and enhance walkability by completing the Rail Trail and the trail in Ferguson
Park.

Town of Sutton: $11,630 grant to enhance the Sutton Farmer's Market and promote
bicycling in Sutton. The grant project will provide more canopies and tables for
the Sutton Farmer's Market, install a sound system and security system at the
Sutton Farmer's Market, and a plan for a permanent structure. The project will
also install 18 bike racks in the area and hold an event to promote cycling.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              121 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Observer (La Grande, Oregon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            June 24, 2009 Wednesday

EDITORIAL: Connect Oregon projects make impact

BYLINE: The Observer, La Grande, Ore.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 411 words


Jun. 24--The Connect Oregon grant program for multi-modal transportation
programs has proven to be a shot in the arm for many Oregon communities.
Northeast Oregon residents need look no further than the excursion cars
purchased by the Wallowa Union Railroad, Community Connection's transit hub in
La Grande and, most recently, the Alicel grain handling facility, which has
combined the resources of private industry with grant money to benefit the
region as a whole.

The new grain storage bins and rail car loading facility, with a total value of
$3.5 million, is the result of a joint project of Pendleton Grain Growers and
Union County Economic Development Corp., with assistance from Union County. They
combined efforts on a project that will enhance our wheat growers' ability to
store and ship their product. The project had to wait until the second round of
funding to win approval for grant monies. But in the Connect Oregon II round of
funding, the project was rated 12th on the priority list.

The two new gigantic bins that were constructed at Alicel will allow PGG to move
grain that was formerly stored outside on the ground under cover, to store the
grain longer if needed to ship when markets are stronger, and to move more of it
out in rail cars. A rail car holds 33,000 bushels compared to a truck's 1,000
bushels.

The 755,000-bushel storage facility can load four rail cars an hour. The project
also included expansion of the rail siding so that 25 cars can be situated on
the Alicel property.

The project was in the concept stage for a long time -- until last year when
funding was approved. But this year the project has become a reality thanks to
Connect Oregon, PGG, UCEDC and Union County. This is the kind of partnership
that will make a difference in Union County's future.

Government grant programs sometimes get a bad rap. But when grant programs are
based on sound projects that combine the best of the private and public sectors,
they can make sense.

The Alicel grain storage facility is a case in point. It's money well spent.

To see more of The Observer or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.lagrandeobserver.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Observer, La Grande,
Ore. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090624-YL-EDITORIAL-Connect-Oregon-projects-make-impact-0624

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YL


                                 Copyright 2009


                              122 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     San Mateo County Times (San Mateo, CA)

                           October 23, 2002 Wednesday

College students restore community from the ground up

BYLINE: By Li Miao

SECTION: MORE HEADLINE NEWS

LENGTH: 1245 words


Out on Milagra Ridge near San Bruno, botany students from the College of San
Mateo are learning a few lessons outside the classroom. Armed with gloves and
special tools, the students are pulling out ox-eye daisies and Scotch broom, a
non-native plant that can be the size of a small tree. These students are
learning about ecological restoration through a service learning project created
by Professor Tania Beliz.

Beliz is a faculty member at CSM participating in the college's efforts to
connect community service with academic learning. Taking education beyond
classroom walls is the mission of CSM Connects, which began in 1999 to develop a
campus-wide program in community service.

One of its main components is service learning, which is promoted through
faculty grants sponsored by CSM Connects. The idea of incorporating community
service into the academic coursework is not a new one, but getting busy students
and over-committed faculty involved can be a challenge.

"Most of us are so busy with work and school, we never give a second thought to
helping the environment," said Jonathan Ho, one of the students who volunteered
at Milagra Ridge. But Ho was one of several students who recognized the
connection to their classroom work, and felt eager to come back for another day
of field experience.

Trusting the teachers

Faculty involvement has been the cornerstone of CSM Connects' efforts to develop
service learning. Over the last two years, service learning grants have been
awarded to faculty from different disciplines, including business, speech
communication, multimedia, nursing and the natural and social sciences.

"It is exhilarating to see my students recognize in person all the issues we
talk about at a theoretical level in the classroom," said sociology professor
Minu Mathur. "These range from all the major problems associated with being old
in America, such as extreme isolation in a nursing home setting, poverty, the
tempo of life in a total institution, to the salient issues associated with
being part of the mentally ill homeless community."

Students in all six of Mathur's sociology classes participated in service
learning projects at nursing homes and homeless shelters on the peninsula and in
the East Bay.

At the community college level, CSM Connects hopes to cultivate an ethic of
service and social awareness in the student body at large. While vocational
programs such as administration of justice and dental assisting have
traditionally been oriented to community work, academic disciplines like
sociology and language arts also lend themselves to community-based learning.

"The word community is in the name community college," noted Tim Stringari.
"We're supposed to train people to go back to the people."

A veteran faculty member, Stringari has created service-related academic
programs at CSM such as Health and Human Services. Through these courses,
students have become peer educators in the SPARK drug and alcohol prevention
program on campus, as well as crisis line volunteers at the Youth and Family
Assistance Center.

Students who serve

Student leadership has been as vital as faculty participation in the development
of CSM Connects. In March, the Associated Students of CSM co-sponsored the
fourth annual Volunteer Fair, held on campus each year in the spring. Student
senators worked closely with CSM Connects staff to bring more than 40 nonprofit
organizations on campus for the day-long event. This gave hundreds of students
access to volunteer opportunities, and also served as a resource for faculty
involved in service learning.

In the interests of cultivating student initiative, CSM Connects developed a
third component, the Student Leaders in the Community Program. With project
ideas supplied by partnering agencies, three students designed and carried out
projects this past summer, under the supervision of agency and CSM Connects
staff.

At the Child Care Coordinating Council, Sang Kyung Oh developed a database for
parents and child care providers, using computer skills she had learned at CSM.

"It's a project that can empower the parents to seek resources, and realize
there are resources available to them," remarked Jeanine Borland, parent
services manager at the Council. "This is a resource that we wouldn't have been
able to develop without the Student Leaders program."

Asma Stephan worked with Save our Shores to develop educational and promotional
materials about marine issues in fishing and sustainable seafood practices.
Stephan will apply the student grant toward her college education after
transferring to UC Berkeley this fall. She also sees this project as a way to
continue her community involvement. "This is the best of both worlds," said
Stephan.

In working with Rebuilding Peninsula on materials for an oral history project,
Amber Sanchez is also helping to promote service learning at the high school
level. The teacher's guide will be used to instruct high school students in
conducting interviews with local residents whose houses have been rebuilt by the
agency, formerly called Christmas in April.

As part of the Student Leaders program, the three students also enrolled in
Cooperative Education at CSM to receive college credit for their work.

In May, CSM Connects was recognized for its efforts in promoting community
involvement with the J. Russell Kent Award. The San Mateo County School Boards
Association offers the award annually to K-8 through postsecondary schools for
exemplary programs that serve the county's youth.

Staying up on the community

Integral to CSM Connects' mission is the building of solid partnerships between
the college and community. An external advisory board meets with program staff
each semester to provide insight on changes in the community and strategies for
improving the program. The CSM Connects Web site [ www.gocsm.net/csmconnects
contains a database of volunteer opportunities as well as guidelines for faculty
and students involved in service learning and related programs.

Through CSM Connects' programs, CSM faculty and students have found the benefits
of community involvement in unexpected ways.

"I found that once I was introduced to the possibilities of service learning,
new ideas, opportunities and applications have continued to emerge," said
Stringari, who has advised CSM Connects on program development. "These classes
have proved to be very beneficial to the students, the campus, the community and
me."

The administration, headed by President Shirley Kelly, has provided resources
and support for CSM Connects to carry out its work as an integral part of the
college's mission in educating students to participate successfully in a
changing world.

Vice-President of Student Services Pat Griffin, who spearheaded the creation of
CSM Connects four years ago, has a vision for the sustainability of the program.

"I wish to institutionalize CSM Connects so that every member of the college
community has the opportunity to learn through volunteer community service, and
to experience firsthand the rewards that come from helping others," she said.

Students like Bhumi Bhutani have discovered these rewards. "Volunteer service
has been a humbling experience where I can learn to understand and feel
compassion for others," said Bhutani, who has volunteered extensively with the
Nargis Dutt Cancer Foundation. "Helping out someone in need is its own reward."

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2002 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers


                              123 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           August 18, 2010 Wednesday

Federal grant to boost broadband in rural areas

BYLINE: The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 312 words


Aug. 18--Several Cape Fear region counties will benefit from a $75.75 million
federal grant to boost broadband connectivity in rural areas.

Cumberland, Harnett, Lee, Moore, Robeson, Scotland and Columbus counties are
among the 69 targeted for investment through the grant, which follows $39.9
million awarded in January.

The new grant means the private nonprofit Microelectronics Center of North
Carolina will build and install more than 1,300 additional miles of fiber optic
cables as part of the North Carolina Research and Education Network to serve
schools and colleges. The network enables high-speed information sharing between
schools and universities across the state, including interactive video that
allows up to 20 locations at once to have a real-time conversation.

NCREN already connects all the state's public universities and K-12 schools,
plus most independent colleges and 20 of the 58 schools in the state community
college system. The expansion will connect the remaining community and
independent colleges, charter schools, 50 free healthcare clinics, 179 county
health agencies and hospitals, 181 libraries and three of the largest state
museums.

U.S. Sen. Kay Hagan's office estimates the grant could create more than 1,000
engineering and construction jobs.

The federal grant will be supplemented by $24 million from The Golden LEAF
Foundation and $5.25 million from an MCNC endowment.

Tweet

To see more of The Fayetteville Observer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.fayettevillenc.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Fayetteville
Observer, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100818-FY-Federal-grant-to-boost-broadband-in-rural-areas-20100818

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2010 The Fayetteville Observer


                              124 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Edmond Sun (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 29, 2012 Thursday

Cox awards $50K to EPS anti-bullying program

BYLINE: Patty Miller, The Edmond Sun, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 893 words


Nov. 29--EDMOND -- Cox Communications awarded its first Community Impact grant
of $50,000 to the Edmond Public Schools anti-bullying program on Wednesday.

The district will use the money to bring Rachel's Challenge, a kindness and
compassion outreach curriculum, to the district's elementary schools.

This year Edmond School District, through a donation from a student's parents,
brought Rachel's Challenge to the district and presented it in all five of the
middle schools and one elementary school.

Rachel's Challenge is a series of student empowering programs and strategies
that equip students and adults to combat bullying and allay feelings of
isolation and despair by creating a culture of kindness and compassion.

The programs are based on the writings and life of 17-year-old Rachel Joy Scott,
who was the first of 13 victims killed at Columbine High School on April 20,
1999, in Littleton, Colo.

Rachel left a legacy of reaching out to those who were different, who were
picked on by others or who were new at her school.

Shortly before her death Rachel wrote, "I have this theory that if one person
can go out of their way to show compassion, then it will start a chain reaction
of the same. People will never know how far a little kindness can go."

Rachel had written in her journal, "I will not be average. Dream big and believe
in yourself, be kind to others, show appreciation to those you love and be the
answer."

Rachel's Challenge

"Rachel's Challenge will help us create a culture in our elementary schools that
focuses on starting chain reactions of kindness," said Lynne Rowley, director of
elementary education. Each elementary school will receive the Rachel's Challenge
Kindness and Compassion Elementary Program Curriculum with lessons and outlined
procedures for implementing a KC (Kindness and Compassion) Club. The club is
made up of students who identify and plan ways children and adults can show
kindness and compassion to members of the community.

"West Field Elementary implemented Rachel's Challenge this year. Recently,
students at West Field collected gloves, hats, scarves, toothpaste and deodorant
to donate to homeless students attending Positive Tomorrows."

Cara Jernigan, principal at West Field, said, "Through this club we hope to see
students empowered, lives changed and attitudes transformed."

Cox employees 'get it'

The inaugural grant of $50,000 was given by the Cox Connects Foundation totally
funded by employee donations and distributed by an advisory council composed of
employees.

An additional $216,000 was given through Community Investment grants to
non-profits including Edmond's Hope Center and Edmond Mobile Meals, each
receiving $5,000.

More than 80 percent of the 1,800 Cox employees opt in to donate to the
foundation with each giving an average of $434 each year.

The foundation started seven years ago when technicians going into homes in the
community saw the needs first hand and decided they wanted to do something to
give back to the community.

"The foundation is a result of what they experienced," said Tiffani Bruton,
director of public affairs.

"The first year employees donated $100,000 to the fund to be given to local
non-profits within Cox service areas," Bruton said. "Employee donations have
increased incrementally each year."

In the past seven years more than $3.7 million has been given back to Oklahoma's
communities, added Cox General Manager Percy Kirk. Cox employees have pledged
$643,617 for 2013.

"It is all about people pooling resources for other people in the community,"
Kirk said. "Cox employees really get it."

Kirk went on to say Oklahoma is different than some states because everyone
seems to pull together working in a common direction.

Grant submission

More than 200 non-profits from across the state submitted proposals to be
considered by Cox Connects Foundation employees.

Susan Parks-Schlepp, district public relations/community involvement director,
wrote the grant which landed the Rachel's Challenge proposal in the top three.
Jason Brown, director of secondary education, and Sequoyah Middle School
eighth-grader MeL Keller helped present the Rachel's Challenge proposal to the
Cox Connects Foundation Advisory Council.

"One of the council members came up to me after the grant presentation was made
Wednesday and said a statement made by MeL during our presentation really stuck
with the council members," Parks-Schlepp said.

"MeL told Cox Connects Foundation advisory council members that following the
Rachel's Challenge presentation at her school, 'Now it's cool to be kind,'"
Parks-Schlepp said.

"To have a lasting impact on students' lives we realize that in addition to
focusing on instruction, testing and academic advancement, we must also address
their emotional and social well-being. We strongly believe that implementing the
Rachel's Challenge program district-wide will help us to achieve that goal,"
Parks-Schlepp added.

"Edmond Public Schools is very grateful to the Cox Connects Foundation for its
generosity in funding the Rachel's Challenge project," said superintendent David
Goin. "This powerful presentation and follow-up attention with students will
impact positively their development as caring, respectful individuals."

___ (c)2012 The Edmond Sun (Edmond, Okla.) Visit The Edmond Sun (Edmond, Okla.)
at www.edmondsun.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121129-EO-Cox-awards-50K-to-EPS-anti-bullying-program-1129-20121129

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EO


                         Copyright 2012 The Edmond Sun


                              125 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  The Register-Herald (Beckley, West Virginia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             June 18, 2015 Thursday

Region receives more than $4 million for broadband

BYLINE: Daniel Tyson, The Register-Herald, Beckley, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 401 words


June 18--The region's five counties will receive more than $4 million to expand
and support broadband to reach an estimated 12,000 people.

Frontier Communications accepted $38 million from the Connect America Fund to
increase broadband access in rural West Virginia.

"The Connect America Fund will provide ongoing support for rural broadband in
its rural service areas, benefiting its customers and their communities," said
Federal Communication Commission Chairman Tom Wheeler. "This is a major step
forward in the FCC's efforts to ensure that all Americans have access to modern
broadband and the opportunities it provides, no matter where they live."

In this region,  Fayette County will receive nearly $1.4 million to support
approximately 3,400 homes and business, an FCC press release states. Greenbrier
will connect 4,200 homes and business with a $1.8 million grant.

Raleigh County will connect 1,000 homes and businesses with a $388,000 grant,
while Summers County's $1.4 million grant will support 3,000 homes and
businesses. Finally, Wyoming County will support 788 homes and business with a
$342,000 grant, the release states.

The FCC's latest broadband Progress report shows nearly one in three rural
Americans lack access to fast speed broadband, compared to only one in 100 urban
Americans.

The commission's traditional universal service program succeeded in ensuring
phone network coverage in rural American by providing subsidies where the cost
of service would otherwise be prohibitive, the release states.

In late 2011, the commission updated the program to include support for
broadband networks, voice services and funded the Connect American Fund to
"efficiently and effectively administer that support to expand broadband in
rural areas where markets forces alone can't support expansion," the release
states.

Since that time, Part One of Connect American has provided $438 million to
expand broadband to about 1.7 million Americans in more than 637,000 homes and
business in 45 states and Puerto Rico. During the next six years, the second
phase of the program will provide more than $10 billion to expand
broadband-capable networks throughout America's rural areas.

-- E-mail: dtyson@register-herald.com; Follow on

Twitter @DanTysonRH

___ (c)2015 The Register-Herald (Beckley, W.Va.) Visit The Register-Herald
(Beckley, W.Va.) at www.register-herald.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150618-WZ-Region-receives-more-than-4-million-for-broadband-0618-20150618

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WZ


                       Copyright 2015 The Register-Herald


                              126 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                             Grassroots Grantmakers

                                 P.O. Box 9069
                               Denver,  CO 80209
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (720) 634-6227
URL: www.grassrootsgrantmakers.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   We strengthen and connect funders who strengthen and connect residents where
they live.  Grassroots Grantmakers is a network of place-based funders in the
United States and Canada who are working from a "we begin with residents"
perspective - supporting active citizenship and building civic capacity at the
block level in their communities with scale-appropriate grants, a highly
relational style of grantmaking, and a learning orientation. Funders in our
network are working to strengthen resident-controlled associations, and help
people that come together because of a shared interest in improving their block,
their neighborhood, or their community to be a stronger voice for change and
community vitality.  Grassroots Grantmakers serves as a locus for learning and a
community of practice - serving to strengthen and connect funders who strengthen
and connect residents where they live. Our work is made possible by the generous
support of a growing number of contributing members and grants from funders who
believe in grassroots grantmaking as an essential component of effective
place-based philanthropy.  Learning how funders can effectively utilize small
grants as a tool for grassroots grantmaking is a cornerstone of our work, but
not our only interest. We are also interested in learning about how funders
utilize other tools such as convening, technical assistance, training, and
leadership development to support bottom-up community building. We are
particularly interested in how fun

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              127 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 Rouse Hill Times (New South Wales, Australia)

                           February 3, 2016 Wednesday
                               RouseHill Edition

Community services get State help

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 148  words


The Riverstone Neighbourhood Centre will be able to help and support more
-locals until 2017 after receiving nearly $230,000 in financial help from the
NSW Government.

Riverstone state Liberal MP Kevin Conolly -announced the grants worth $141,504
to the Riverstone Neighbourhood Community Centre Hub and $86,954 for Riverstone
Neighbourhood Community Centre youth program.

The centre co-ordinator Maree Fayne said they were grateful for the money, which
ensures none of their programs will be cut.

"Last year more than 8000 residents came looking for help or -advice," Ms Faye
said.

Mr Conolly said in all the government has allocated $1.646 million until
mid-2017 to nine existing service providers in Riverstone.Other organisations
that received grants were: Wesley Community Services Riverstone Families Connect
($253,502) and Wesley Community Services Rouse Hill Families Connect ($183,404).

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Rouse Hill Times


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              128 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Mississauga News

                           December 3, 2009 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Youth-led projects get United Way support

BYLINE: Julia Le

SECTION: Pg. 01

LENGTH: 490  words

DATELINE: ARTICLE


An initiative to unite Malton and Cawthra through group-based volunteering is
among eleven youth-led projects receiving a United Way of Peel Youth in Action
grant this year.

Project Connect will receive $2,000 through the Social Planning Council in
conjunction with Volunteer MBC to engage youth in positive peer interaction
through youth volunteerism within their community targeting areas identified as
having low levels of volunteerism.

Vanessa Mui, Youth in Action Review Panel co-chair and United Way's Young
Leaders Council executive member, says the new grant for young people ages 14-24
will support youth leadership and activism that's beginning to explode in Peel.

"They are passionate and ready to act on issues that deeply concern them and
impact their community," she said. "We are excited to be working with them and
harnessing their contagious energy."

The projects include community events, workshops, day camps and retreats to
educate youth or develop leadership skills. All projects aim to have a positive
impact on residents and neighbourhoods, improving the quality of community life.

Other Mississauga projects receiving grants include:

o Mentoring & Learning Youth Serving Youth. The $1,960 grant will be used to
enable youth to mentor younger youth with learning disabilities. The youth will
support each other in social skills, career choices and academics

o Youth Making a Difference Workshop. A $1,760 grant to the Rapport Youth and
Family Services will be used to empower and educate youth on how they can make a
difference in their community. The one-day workshop is targeted at high school
students

o Unsaid. A grant of $1,800 to the East Mississauga Community Health Centre will
be used to educate youth and the public on racism and homophobia and the impact
these issues have on youth in the community

o Project ONE: Operation INSPIRE. A grant of $1,880 to the Gateway Centre for
New Canadians will be used to provide mentoring to youth while teaching them the
basics of urban/hip hop dance. The project aims to inspire creativity and build
self-confidence and self-discipline

o Peel Environmental Youth Alliance - Connect Sessions. A grant of $2,000 to
Ecosource will be used to help youth interested in environmental issues build
leadership skills through capacity-building workshops and peer-to-peer
mentorship opportunities

o Maincourse 101.com Online Cultural Blog. A grant of $1,750 to Mississauga Safe
City will be used to provide information and journalism and online media
internship opportunities for youth through a cultural online blog

o Meals with Love. A $2,000 grant to Interim Place in conjunction with the
Community Environment Alliance will be used to support this youth-led project to
provide nutritious meals packed in environmentally friendly hampers to
low-income families and individuals in need

<a title="mailto:jle@mississauga.net" target="_blank"
href="mailto:jle@mississauga.net">jle@mississauga.net

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              129 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Murray Valley Standard

                                January 24, 2016

BYLINE: Elle Vince

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 397  words


Five Murraylands organisation will share in more than $157,000 of State
government funding this year to strengthen their communities and promote social
inclusion.

More than $42,000 of the Communty Benefit SA grants will help the Mid Murray
Support Service establish a Connect Cafe kitchen at the Mannum Communtiy Hub,
while $37,720 will help upgrade the kitchen and appliances at the Parrakie War
Memorial Hall to increase capacity and provide more efficient catering
facilities.

The Younghusband Hall committee will use $13,650 of the grants to develop the
hall in a bid to increase engagement and improve community involvement at the
site.

Chairman David Brinkley said the money would help replace the hall's roof and
guttering system and connect rain water tanks, a task that was well overdue.

'The roof on the hall at the moment is the original room from 1889,' he said.

'We've noticed it has started deteriorating. If we don't get the roof on before
winter this year it could leak.'

The committee already have a tender sorted and hope for works to begin as early
as the end of February.

Secretary Val Towill said the funding would help to keep the small community's
popular facility alive.

'It's used for 8-ball during the winter months and it's available for hire;
we've had various celebrations here and we've even had a wedding,' she said.

'We have a meal night here on the first Friday of each month and it generally
gets hired out by locals from time to time.

'The funding will help us use the facilities that are here, and the old saying
is 'if you don't use it you lose it'.'

A further $15,000 of the grants will allow the Coonalpyn Community Hub to
develop its facility and purchase IT equipment to support participation in
community activities each week.

And almost $50,000 has been allocated to the Hut Community Centre, a hills-based
organisation, which will see a range of social enterprise activities, community
workshops and training sessions delivered to in Murray Bridge.

Communities and Social Inclusion Minister Zoe Bettison said older South
Australians were the main focus of this year's $900,000 State-wide grants.

'These grants support initiatives that improve the quality of life for
disadvantaged individuals, families and communities across South Australia,' she
said.

'These grants will support new opportunities through education, recreation,
culture, work and family.'

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              130 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                     Coolum & North Shore News (Queensland)

                                 August 8, 2014

On the way to better paths

SECTION: Pg. 17

LENGTH: 378  words


Cr Stephen Robinson

Division 9 News

COUNCIL is continuing its pathway upgrade program, with two significant Coolum
locations undergoing improvements this month.

The Perry St pathway connects nearby residents to Coolum's main shopping
precinct, while the second stage of Springfield Ave connects residents of Coolum
Waters Retirement Resort to the town centre.

Both pathways are expected to be completed by the end of August, weather
permitting. Thank you in advance for your patience during construction.

Apply for grant

I WOULD encourage artists and community groups to consider applying for funding
through one of the grant programs council currently has open.

Artists can apply for a Regional Arts Development Fund grant, which offers
funding towards concept, skills and career development, while not-for-profit
community organisations with a project to benefit the Coast community can apply
for a community grant of up to $30,000.

Applications are also open for environment levy grants, with up to $5000 funding
to help projects that make a positive and ongoing contribution to the region's
biodiversity and waterways. Visit council's website for further details.

Congratulations to the local sporting groups who recently received funding
through council's sports field maintenance funding program for their maintenance
costs. The groups who were successful are Coolum Cricket Club, Coolum Beach
Junior Rugby League Club and Coolum Football Club.

The groups also receive ongoing support and expert advice from a council parks
community sports field officer to assist them in maintaining turf surfaces to
competition level.

Realignment opposition

SUNSHINE Coast Council has unanimously agreed enough is enough, and will oppose
any boundary realignment for Eumundi, Doonan, Verrierdale and Weyba Downs.

While I respect the views from all sides on this issue, any further changes to
council's boundaries would not be in the best interests of the residents of this
division or the Sunshine Coast more widely.

We have already gone through amalgamation and de-amalgamation - and all the
uncertainty and division associated with that - we now need to get on with the
job without any further destabilisation.

The Minister for Local Government has been informed of the unanimous decision.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SCW


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              131 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      North Shore News (British Columbia)

                           August 26, 2015 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Micro grants aim to connect community

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 166 words


How would you use $500 and the library to connect your community? The North
Vancouver City Library wants to hear your ideas. his week, the library announced
a new Micro Grants program that will distribute up to $500 to residents "who are
excited about connecting the community through the library," according to a
press release.

The goals of the program are to enrich lives and inspire stories through the
creative use of the library's space, resources, books, staff, and technology,
the release states."We are eager to see how people want to use our space and
resources in innovative, out-of-the-box ways," states Cara Pryor, the library's
head of community development and programming. "We're looking forward to
applications that feature really surprising and creative ways to build community
with a library."

Applications are due by Sept. 30 and successful candidates will be notified by
Oct. 31. For information about the criteria and conditions, visit nvcl.ca or
email Cara Pryor at cpryor@cnv.org

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 North Shore News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              132 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Macarthur Chronicle (Australia)

                           September 27, 2011 Tuesday
                            2 - Wollondilly Edition

Goward checks out projects

BYLINE: AMANDA PARTRIDGE

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 328  words


COMMUNITY CULTURE

* WHAT: State Community Services Minister Pru Goward visited Wollondilly shire
last week to discuss the funding allocated for community programs

* PROGRAMS: Community Links Wollondilly's Culture Connect program aims to
providing services for Aboriginal youth. UnitingCare Burnside's early
intervention program The Big Top helps young people make the transition from
childhood to teenage years

* DETAILS: 4683 2776

..........................................................

NSW Community Services Minister Pru Goward has travelled to Wollondilly shire to
see two projects which assist indigenous residents and young people in the area.

Ms Goward met with Community Links Wollondilly and Uniting Care Burnside
representatives to discuss the two initiatives, Culture Connect and The Big Top.

Both programs have received government funding. Community Links Wollondilly's
Culture Connect program due to start in October has received $152,375 in funding
over two years.

``The project will improve access to indigenous and mainstream youth services in
the local area through consultation with Aboriginal elders, other communities,
services and the Wollondilly and Camden councils,'' Ms Goward said.

Community Links manager Greg Duffy said he appreciated the opportunity to brief
Ms Goward on the good work the organisation offered residents.

He said it also gave Ms Goward a frontline view of community service work.

Community Links Wollondilly youth leader Larry Whipper said the Culture Connect
program would provide better services for the region's young indigenous
residents.

``The funding will allow this organisation to help local Aboriginal youth feel
more a part of the community and engage with youth services,'' he said.

Uniting Care Burnside staff also met Ms Goward and expressed their appreciation
for the $57,000 grant for the new early intervention program, The Big Top.

The program targeted at kids aged 9-12 aims to engage children in a fun and
creative way.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CCG


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              133 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Hawk Eye (Burlington, Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 1, 2013 Friday

New trail connector makes life easier for Edward Stone students

BYLINE: William Smith, The Hawk Eye, Burlington, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 565 words


Nov. 01--Now that a 500-foot section of the bicycle and pedestrian path near
Edward Stone Middle School has been completed, middle school students will have
an easier time making their way to Burlington High School.

A ribbon-cutting ceremony for the recently open trail section was Thursday at
Edward Stone Middle School, though the ceremony had to be moved inside the
auditorium due to the rain.

Most of the $22,266 section of trail was paid for by a $20,000 grant from the
nonprofit Wellmark Foundation, while the rest was paid for by a $1,000 donation
from Bike Burlington and a $500 donation by Mike Pierson of Burlington. The Des
Moines County Living Well Coalition fund paid for the rest.

"What's so exciting for us is that this is a permanent, environmental change,"
said Wellmark Foundation director Matt McGarvey. "It's something that we think
will have a long-term positive impact on the community."

The 500-foot section of trail joins two existing short trail sections together,
creating one continuous path that connects to the existing city bike route.
Burlington School District Superintendent Jane Evans said the trail is an
important step for the schools' continued goal of healthy living.

"We have many students from Edward Stone who routinely go over to the high
school and lift weights, or do track practice, and this is going to make a safer
path for them," Evans said. "We have provided some bussing for that, but if the
purpose is to be physically fit, now we have a jogging path to the high school."

The Wellmark grant was obtained through the Des Moines County Living Well
Coalition, which was formed in 2010 when the Burlington Area Community YMCA-YWCA
received a Pioneering Healthier Communities grant. The Wellmark Foundation
received 135 grant requests from Iowa and South Dakota, but only 10 were
granted. The Burlington Y was one of those 10.

"We really hope this can be an example to other communities that might have
existing trails," McGarvey said.

Zach James, planning director for the Southeast Iowa Regional Planning
Commission, hopes the trail eventually will connect to all areas of Burlington
by 2025.

"Hopefully, 12 years from now, we're going to have trails, sidewalks and bike
lanes that connect throughout the entire community," James said. "This project
is the first piece of seeing that vision. My hope is that in 2025, we'll look
back at this day, at this project, as the one that sparked the rest of the
development."

The Des Moines County Living Well Coalition was formed to create opportunities
for everyone to lead a healthy lifestyle through policy and environmental
changes. Earlier this year, the coalition turned Main Street into a Complete
Street for two weeks to gauge interest for a possible permanent change. A
complete street is a plan to ensure all users -- bicyclists, pedestrians and
motorists -- safely share the road.

Mayor Jim Davidson also sees the trail by Edward Stone Middle School as a step
in the right direction, though he was bummed about the rain Thursday morning. He
was dressed in jeans and a casual polo shirt and wanted to take the new trail
for spin.

"I'm dressed this way because I was going to walk," he said. "My wife and I walk
a lot, three or four times a week, an hour a day."

___ (c)2013 The Hawk Eye (Burlington, Iowa) Visit The Hawk Eye (Burlington,
Iowa) at www.thehawkeye.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20131101-QW-New-trail-connector-makes-life-easier-for-Edward-Stone-students-1101
-20131101

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QW


                          Copyright 2013 The Hawk Eye


                              134 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    City South News (Queensland, Australia)

                           February 24, 2011 Thursday
                                  1 - Edition

Our McKick-starter

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 281  words


MCDONALD'S has thrown its weight behind Quest Community Newspapers' Kick Start
initiative to help flood-affected clubs.

With Kick Start entering its third week, McDonald's will work with Quest to
connect with clubs needing grants of between $500 and $10,000 to get back on
their feet.

Adam Dando, McDonald's Queensland Licensee Committee president, said:
``McDonald's and Quest have enjoyed a strong relationship for many years now, so
when McDonald's saw that Quest had launched its Kick Start initiative, we
recognised a great opportunity to get involved.

``This week McDonald's is launching its Queensland Community Grant program aimed
at giving sporting and community groups the opportunity to apply for a one-off
cash or equipment grant to help them rebuild after the floods and Cyclone Yasi.

``We want to work with Quest to connect with groups that are greatly in need.

``The McDonald's grants will help eligible clubs and groups to replace vital
items such as equipment, uniforms and fridges.''

Quest editor-in-chief Neil Melloy said: ``It has been inspiring to watch
communities come together in our Kick Start campaign and we are looking forward
to working with McDonald's.

``The devastation caused by the flooding won't be easily fixed, and we must
continue our efforts at getting help at the grassroots level.''

The AFL Brisbane Juniors Club at Yeronga is the first to benefit. It will get
replacement field equipment.

Juniors general manager Cherie Brockwell welcomed the funding, and said flooding
had ``absolutely devastated'' clubs at Sherwood, Moggill, Jindalee, Pine Rivers,
Redcliffe and Yeronga.

Groups should complete a grant application form at www.mcdonalds.com.au by March
18.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CSN


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              135 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           February 28, 2008 Thursday

Cox Connects Foundation to award scholarships in Okla.

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 180  words


The Cox Connects Foundation will award $2,500 scholarships to eligible students
planning to attend colleges or career techs in Oklahoma.

The foundation is funded by employees of Cox Communications.

Scholarship applicants must live in a Cox service area. Scholarships are awarded
to adult parents over 25, to 2008 high school graduates or current college or
career tech students, and to Cox Oklahoma family members who meet those
criteria. Financial need is a key factor in awarding scholarships.

The deadline for the 2008 Cox Connects Foundation scholarships is Monday.

In addition to the $2,500 one-year scholarships, recipients attending a number
of local schools may also be eligible for $2,500 matching grants or tuition
waivers. The schools include Francis Tuttle Technology Center, Oklahoma City
Community College, Rose State College and Oklahoma State University-Oklahoma
City, Langston University-Tulsa, Northeastern State University, OSU-Tulsa,
Rogers State University, Tulsa Community College and Tulsa Technology Center.

More information is available at www.coxconnectsok.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              136 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brisbane City News (Australia)

                           February 24, 2011 Thursday
                                  1 - Edition

Our McKick-starter

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 281  words


MCDONALD'S has thrown its weight behind Quest Community Newspapers' Kick Start
initiative to help flood-affected clubs.

With Kick Start entering its third week, McDonald's will work with Quest to
connect with clubs needing grants of between $500 and $10,000 to get back on
their feet.

Adam Dando, McDonald's Queensland Licensee Committee president, said:
``McDonald's and Quest have enjoyed a strong relationship for many years now, so
when McDonald's saw that Quest had launched its Kick Start initiative, we
recognised a great opportunity to get involved.

``This week McDonald's is launching its Queensland Community Grant program aimed
at giving sporting and community groups the opportunity to apply for a one-off
cash or equipment grant to help them rebuild after the floods and Cyclone Yasi.

``We want to work with Quest to connect with groups that are greatly in need.

``The McDonald's grants will help eligible clubs and groups to replace vital
items such as equipment, uniforms and fridges.''

Quest editor-in-chief Neil Melloy said: ``It has been inspiring to watch
communities come together in our Kick Start campaign and we are looking forward
to working with McDonald's.

``The devastation caused by the flooding won't be easily fixed, and we must
continue our efforts at getting help at the grassroots level.''

The AFL Brisbane Juniors Club at Yeronga is the first to benefit. It will get
replacement field equipment.

Juniors general manager Cherie Brockwell welcomed the funding, and said flooding
had ``absolutely devastated'' clubs at Sherwood, Moggill, Jindalee, Pine Rivers,
Redcliffe and Yeronga.

Groups should complete a grant application form at www.mcdonalds.com.au by March
18

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: CTN


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              137 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Albert & Logan News (Australia)

                          February 23, 2011 Wednesday
                                  1 - Edition

Our McKick-starter

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 281  words


MCDONALD'S has thrown its weight behind Quest Community Newspapers' Kick Start
initiative to help flood-affected clubs.

With Kick Start entering its third week, McDonald's will work with Quest to
connect with clubs needing grants of between $500 and $10,000 to get back on
their feet.

Adam Dando, McDonald's Queensland Licensee Committee president, said:
``McDonald's and Quest have enjoyed a strong relationship for many years now, so
when McDonald's saw that Quest had launched its Kick Start initiative, we
recognised a great opportunity to get involved.

``This week McDonald's is launching its Queensland Community Grant program aimed
at giving sporting and community groups the opportunity to apply for a one-off
cash or equipment grant to help them rebuild after the floods and Cyclone Yasi.

``We want to work with Quest to connect with groups that are greatly in need.

``The McDonald's grants will help eligible clubs and groups to replace vital
items such as equipment, uniforms and fridges.''

Quest editor-in-chief Neil Melloy said: ``It has been inspiring to watch
communities come together in our Kick Start campaign and we are looking forward
to working with McDonald's.

``The devastation caused by the flooding won't be easily fixed, and we must
continue our efforts at getting help at the grassroots level.''

The AFL Brisbane Juniors Club at Yeronga is the first to benefit. It will get
replacement field equipment.

Juniors general manager Cherie Brockwell welcomed the funding, and said flooding
had ``absolutely devastated'' clubs at Sherwood, Moggill, Jindalee, Pine Rivers,
Redcliffe and Yeronga.

Groups should complete a grant application form at www.mcdonalds.com.au by March
18

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ALW


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              138 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Logan West Leader (Australia)

                          February 23, 2011 Wednesday
                                  1 - Edition

Our McKick-starter

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 281  words


MCDONALD'S has thrown its weight behind Quest Community Newspapers' Kick Start
initiative to help flood-affected clubs.

With Kick Start entering its third week, McDonald's will work with Quest to
connect with clubs needing grants of between $500 and $10,000 to get back on
their feet.

Adam Dando, McDonald's Queensland Licensee Committee president, said:
``McDonald's and Quest have enjoyed a strong relationship for many years now, so
when McDonald's saw that Quest had launched its Kick Start initiative, we
recognised a great opportunity to get involved.

``This week McDonald's is launching its Queensland Community Grant program aimed
at giving sporting and community groups the opportunity to apply for a one-off
cash or equipment grant to help them rebuild after the floods and Cyclone Yasi.

``We want to work with Quest to connect with groups that are greatly in need.

``The McDonald's grants will help eligible clubs and groups to replace vital
items such as equipment, uniforms and fridges.''

Quest editor-in-chief Neil Melloy said: ``It has been inspiring to watch
communities come together in our Kick Start campaign and we are looking forward
to working with McDonald's.

``The devastation caused by the flooding won't be easily fixed, and we must
continue our efforts at getting help at the grassroots level.''

The AFL Brisbane Juniors Club at Yeronga is the first to benefit. It will get
replacement field equipment.

Juniors general manager Cherie Brockwell welcomed the funding, and said flooding
had ``absolutely devastated'' clubs at Sherwood, Moggill, Jindalee, Pine Rivers,
Redcliffe and Yeronga.

Groups should complete a grant application form at www.mcdonalds.com.au by March
18.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LWL


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              139 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Logan West Leader (Australia)

                          February 23, 2011 Wednesday
                                  1 - Edition

Our McKick-starter

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 281  words


MCDONALD'S has thrown its weight behind Quest Community Newspapers' Kick Start
initiative to help flood-affected clubs.

With Kick Start entering its third week, McDonald's will work with Quest to
connect with clubs needing grants of between $500 and $10,000 to get back on
their feet.

Adam Dando, McDonald's Queensland Licensee Committee president, said:
``McDonald's and Quest have enjoyed a strong relationship for many years now, so
when McDonald's saw that Quest had launched its Kick Start initiative, we
recognised a great opportunity to get involved.

``This week McDonald's is launching its Queensland Community Grant program aimed
at giving sporting and community groups the opportunity to apply for a one-off
cash or equipment grant to help them rebuild after the floods and Cyclone Yasi.

``We want to work with Quest to connect with groups that are greatly in need.

``The McDonald's grants will help eligible clubs and groups to replace vital
items such as equipment, uniforms and fridges.''

Quest editor-in-chief Neil Melloy said: ``It has been inspiring to watch
communities come together in our Kick Start campaign and we are looking forward
to working with McDonald's.

``The devastation caused by the flooding won't be easily fixed, and we must
continue our efforts at getting help at the grassroots level.''

The AFL Brisbane Juniors Club at Yeronga is the first to benefit. It will get
replacement field equipment.

Juniors general manager Cherie Brockwell welcomed the funding, and said flooding
had ``absolutely devastated'' clubs at Sherwood, Moggill, Jindalee, Pine Rivers,
Redcliffe and Yeronga.

Groups should complete a grant application form at www.mcdonalds.com.au by March
18.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LWL


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              140 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Northside Chronicle (Australia)

                          February 23, 2011 Wednesday
                                  1 - Edition

Our McKick-starter

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 281  words


MCDONALD'S has thrown its weight behind Quest Community Newspapers' Kick Start
initiative to help flood-affected clubs.

With Kick Start entering its third week, McDonald's will work with Quest to
connect with clubs needing grants of between $500 and $10,000 to get back on
their feet.

Adam Dando, McDonald's Queensland Licensee Committee president, said:
``McDonald's and Quest have enjoyed a strong relationship for many years now, so
when McDonald's saw that Quest had launched its Kick Start initiative, we
recognised a great opportunity to get involved.

``This week McDonald's is launching its Queensland Community Grant program aimed
at giving sporting and community groups the opportunity to apply for a one-off
cash or equipment grant to help them rebuild after the floods and Cyclone Yasi.

``We want to work with Quest to connect with groups that are greatly in need.

``The McDonald's grants will help eligible clubs and groups to replace vital
items such as equipment, uniforms and fridges.''

Quest editor-in-chief Neil Melloy said: ``It has been inspiring to watch
communities come together in our Kick Start campaign and we are looking forward
to working with McDonald's.

``The devastation caused by the flooding won't be easily fixed, and we must
continue our efforts at getting help at the grassroots level.''

The AFL Brisbane Juniors Club at Yeronga is the first to benefit. It will get
replacement field equipment.

Juniors general manager Cherie Brockwell welcomed the funding, and said flooding
had ``absolutely devastated'' clubs at Sherwood, Moggill, Jindalee, Pine Rivers,
Redcliffe and Yeronga.

Groups should complete a grant application form at www.mcdonalds.com.au by March
18

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: NSC


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              141 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          North-West News (Australia)

                          February 23, 2011 Wednesday
                                  1 - Edition

Our McKick-starter

SECTION: Pg. 9

LENGTH: 281  words


MCDONALD'S has thrown its weight behind Quest Community Newspapers' Kick Start
initiative to help flood-affected clubs.

With Kick Start entering its third week, McDonald's will work with Quest to
connect with clubs needing grants of between $500 and $10,000 to get back on
their feet.

Adam Dando, McDonald's Queensland Licensee Committee president, said:
``McDonald's and Quest have enjoyed a strong relationship for many years now, so
when McDonald's saw that Quest had launched its Kick Start initiative, we
recognised a great opportunity to get involved.

``This week McDonald's is launching its Queensland Community Grant program aimed
at giving sporting and community groups the opportunity to apply for a one-off
cash or equipment grant to help them rebuild after the floods and Cyclone Yasi.

``We want to work with Quest to connect with groups that are greatly in need.

``The McDonald's grants will help eligible clubs and groups to replace vital
items such as equipment, uniforms and fridges.''

Quest editor-in-chief Neil Melloy said: ``It has been inspiring to watch
communities come together in our Kick Start campaign and we are looking forward
to working with McDonald's.

``The devastation caused by the flooding won't be easily fixed, and we must
continue our efforts at getting help at the grassroots level.''

The AFL Brisbane Juniors Club at Yeronga is the first to benefit. It will get
replacement field equipment.

Juniors general manager Cherie Brockwell welcomed the funding, and said flooding
had ``absolutely devastated'' clubs at Sherwood, Moggill, Jindalee, Pine Rivers,
Redcliffe and Yeronga.

Groups should complete a grant application form at www.mcdonalds.com.au by March
18.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: NWN


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              142 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Pine Rivers Press (Australia)

                          February 23, 2011 Wednesday
                                  1 - Edition

Our McKick-starter

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 281  words


MCDONALD'S has thrown its weight behind Quest Community Newspapers' Kick Start
initiative to help flood-affected clubs.

With Kick Start entering its third week, McDonald's will work with Quest to
connect with clubs needing grants of between $500 and $10,000 to get back on
their feet.

Adam Dando, McDonald's Queensland Licensee Committee president, said:
``McDonald's and Quest have enjoyed a strong relationship for many years now, so
when McDonald's saw that Quest had launched its Kick Start initiative, we
recognised a great opportunity to get involved.

``This week McDonald's is launching its Queensland Community Grant program aimed
at giving sporting and community groups the opportunity to apply for a one-off
cash or equipment grant to help them rebuild after the floods and Cyclone Yasi.

``We want to work with Quest to connect with groups that are greatly in need.

``The McDonald's grants will help eligible clubs and groups to replace vital
items such as equipment, uniforms and fridges.''

Quest editor-in-chief Neil Melloy said: ``It has been inspiring to watch
communities come together in our Kick Start campaign and we are looking forward
to working with McDonald's.

``The devastation caused by the flooding won't be easily fixed, and we must
continue our efforts at getting help at the grassroots level.''

The AFL Brisbane Juniors Club at Yeronga is the first to benefit. It will get
replacement field equipment.

Juniors general manager Cherie Brockwell welcomed the funding, and said flooding
had ``absolutely devastated'' clubs at Sherwood, Moggill, Jindalee, Pine Rivers,
Redcliffe and Yeronga.

Groups should complete a grant application form at www.mcdonalds.com.au by March
18

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: PRP


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              143 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Redcliffe and Bayside Herald (Australia)

                          February 23, 2011 Wednesday
                                  1 - Edition

Our McKick-starter

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 281  words


MCDONALD'S has thrown its weight behind Quest Community Newspapers' Kick Start
initiative to help flood-affected clubs.

With Kick Start entering its third week, McDonald's will work with Quest to
connect with clubs needing grants of between $500 and $10,000 to get back on
their feet.

Adam Dando, McDonald's Queensland Licensee Committee president, said:
``McDonald's and Quest have enjoyed a strong relationship for many years now, so
when McDonald's saw that Quest had launched its Kick Start initiative, we
recognised a great opportunity to get involved.

``This week McDonald's is launching its Queensland Community Grant program aimed
at giving sporting and community groups the opportunity to apply for a one-off
cash or equipment grant to help them rebuild after the floods and Cyclone Yasi.

``We want to work with Quest to connect with groups that are greatly in need.

``The McDonald's grants will help eligible clubs and groups to replace vital
items such as equipment, uniforms and fridges.''

Quest editor-in-chief Neil Melloy said: ``It has been inspiring to watch
communities come together in our Kick Start campaign and we are looking forward
to working with McDonald's.

``The devastation caused by the flooding won't be easily fixed, and we must
continue our efforts at getting help at the grassroots level.''

The AFL Brisbane Juniors Club at Yeronga is the first to benefit. It will get
replacement field equipment.

Juniors general manager Cherie Brockwell welcomed the funding, and said flooding
had ``absolutely devastated'' clubs at Sherwood, Moggill, Jindalee, Pine Rivers,
Redcliffe and Yeronga.

Groups should complete a grant application form at www.mcdonalds.com.au by March
18

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: RBH


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              144 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Southern Star (Australia)

                          February 23, 2011 Wednesday
                                  1 - Edition

Our McKick-starter

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 281  words


MCDONALD'S has thrown its weight behind Quest Community Newspapers' Kick Start
initiative to help flood-affected clubs.

With Kick Start entering its third week, McDonald's will work with Quest to
connect with clubs needing grants of between $500 and $10,000 to get back on
their feet.

Adam Dando, McDonald's Queensland Licensee Committee president, said:
``McDonald's and Quest have enjoyed a strong relationship for many years now, so
when McDonald's saw that Quest had launched its Kick Start initiative, we
recognised a great opportunity to get involved.

``This week McDonald's is launching its Queensland Community Grant program aimed
at giving sporting and community groups the opportunity to apply for a one-off
cash or equipment grant to help them rebuild after the floods and Cyclone Yasi.

``We want to work with Quest to connect with groups that are greatly in need.

``The McDonald's grants will help eligible clubs and groups to replace vital
items such as equipment, uniforms and fridges.''

Quest editor-in-chief Neil Melloy said: ``It has been inspiring to watch
communities come together in our Kick Start campaign and we are looking forward
to working with McDonald's.

``The devastation caused by the flooding won't be easily fixed, and we must
continue our efforts at getting help at the grassroots level.''

The AFL Brisbane Juniors Club at Yeronga is the first to benefit. It will get
replacement field equipment.

Juniors general manager Cherie Brockwell welcomed the funding, and said flooding
had ``absolutely devastated'' clubs at Sherwood, Moggill, Jindalee, Pine Rivers,
Redcliffe and Yeronga.

Groups should complete a grant application form at www.mcdonalds.com.au by March
18.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: TSS


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              145 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       South-East Advertiser (Australia)

                          February 23, 2011 Wednesday
                                  1 - Edition

Our McKick-starter

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 281  words


MCDONALD'S has thrown its weight behind Quest Community Newspapers' Kick Start
initiative to help flood-affected clubs.

With Kick Start entering its third week, McDonald's will work with Quest to
connect with clubs needing grants of between $500 and $10,000 to get back on
their feet.

Adam Dando, McDonald's Queensland Licensee Committee president, said:
``McDonald's and Quest have enjoyed a strong relationship for many years now, so
when McDonald's saw that Quest had launched its Kick Start initiative, we
recognised a great opportunity to get involved.

``This week McDonald's is launching its Queensland Community Grant program aimed
at giving sporting and community groups the opportunity to apply for a one-off
cash or equipment grant to help them rebuild after the floods and Cyclone Yasi.

``We want to work with Quest to connect with groups that are greatly in need.

``The McDonald's grants will help eligible clubs and groups to replace vital
items such as equipment, uniforms and fridges.''

Quest editor-in-chief Neil Melloy said: ``It has been inspiring to watch
communities come together in our Kick Start campaign and we are looking forward
to working with McDonald's.

``The devastation caused by the flooding won't be easily fixed, and we must
continue our efforts at getting help at the grassroots level.''

The AFL Brisbane Juniors Club at Yeronga is the first to benefit. It will get
replacement field equipment.

Juniors general manager Cherie Brockwell welcomed the funding, and said flooding
had ``absolutely devastated'' clubs at Sherwood, Moggill, Jindalee, Pine Rivers,
Redcliffe and Yeronga.

Groups should complete a grant application form at www.mcdonalds.com.au by March
18

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: SEA


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              146 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          South-West News (Australia)

                          February 23, 2011 Wednesday
                                  1 - Edition

Our McKick-starter

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 281  words


MCDONALD'S has thrown its weight behind Quest Community Newspapers' Kick Start
initiative to help flood-affected clubs.

With Kick Start entering its third week, McDonald's will work with Quest to
connect with clubs needing grants of between $500 and $10,000 to get back on
their feet.

Adam Dando, McDonald's Queensland Licensee Committee president, said:
``McDonald's and Quest have enjoyed a strong relationship for many years now, so
when McDonald's saw that Quest had launched its Kick Start initiative, we
recognised a great opportunity to get involved.

``This week McDonald's is launching its Queensland Community Grant program aimed
at giving sporting and community groups the opportunity to apply for a one-off
cash or equipment grant to help them rebuild after the floods and Cyclone Yasi.

``We want to work with Quest to connect with groups that are greatly in need.

``The McDonald's grants will help eligible clubs and groups to replace vital
items such as equipment, uniforms and fridges.''

Quest editor-in-chief Neil Melloy said: ``It has been inspiring to watch
communities come together in our Kick Start campaign and we are looking forward
to working with McDonald's.

``The devastation caused by the flooding won't be easily fixed, and we must
continue our efforts at getting help at the grassroots level.''

The AFL Brisbane Juniors Club at Yeronga is the first to benefit. It will get
replacement field equipment.

Juniors general manager Cherie Brockwell welcomed the funding, and said flooding
had ``absolutely devastated'' clubs at Sherwood, Moggill, Jindalee, Pine Rivers,
Redcliffe and Yeronga.

Groups should complete a grant application form at www.mcdonalds.com.au by March
18.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: SWN


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              147 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           WestSide News (Australia)

                          February 23, 2011 Wednesday
                                  1 - Edition

Our McKick-starter

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 281  words


MCDONALD'S has thrown its weight behind Quest Community Newspapers' Kick Start
initiative to help flood-affected clubs.

With Kick Start entering its third week, McDonald's will work with Quest to
connect with clubs needing grants of between $500 and $10,000 to get back on
their feet.

Adam Dando, McDonald's Queensland Licensee Committee president, said:
``McDonald's and Quest have enjoyed a strong relationship for many years now, so
when McDonald's saw that Quest had launched its Kick Start initiative, we
recognised a great opportunity to get involved.

``This week McDonald's is launching its Queensland Community Grant program aimed
at giving sporting and community groups the opportunity to apply for a one-off
cash or equipment grant to help them rebuild after the floods and Cyclone Yasi.

``We want to work with Quest to connect with groups that are greatly in need.

``The McDonald's grants will help eligible clubs and groups to replace vital
items such as equipment, uniforms and fridges.''

Quest editor-in-chief Neil Melloy said: ``It has been inspiring to watch
communities come together in our Kick Start campaign and we are looking forward
to working with McDonald's.

``The devastation caused by the flooding won't be easily fixed, and we must
continue our efforts at getting help at the grassroots level.''

The AFL Brisbane Juniors Club at Yeronga is the first to benefit. It will get
replacement field equipment.

Juniors general manager Cherie Brockwell welcomed the funding, and said flooding
had ``absolutely devastated'' clubs at Sherwood, Moggill, Jindalee, Pine Rivers,
Redcliffe and Yeronga.

Groups should complete a grant application form at www.mcdonalds.com.au by March
18.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: WSN


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              148 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           WestSide News (Australia)

                          February 23, 2011 Wednesday
                                  1 - Edition

Our McKick-starter

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 281  words


MCDONALD'S has thrown its weight behind Quest Community Newspapers' Kick Start
initiative to help flood-affected clubs.

With Kick Start entering its third week, McDonald's will work with Quest to
connect with clubs needing grants of between $500 and $10,000 to get back on
their feet.

Adam Dando, McDonald's Queensland Licensee Committee president, said:
``McDonald's and Quest have enjoyed a strong relationship for many years now, so
when McDonald's saw that Quest had launched its Kick Start initiative, we
recognised a great opportunity to get involved.

``This week McDonald's is launching its Queensland Community Grant program aimed
at giving sporting and community groups the opportunity to apply for a one-off
cash or equipment grant to help them rebuild after the floods and Cyclone Yasi.

``We want to work with Quest to connect with groups that are greatly in need.

``The McDonald's grants will help eligible clubs and groups to replace vital
items such as equipment, uniforms and fridges.''

Quest editor-in-chief Neil Melloy said: ``It has been inspiring to watch
communities come together in our Kick Start campaign and we are looking forward
to working with McDonald's.

``The devastation caused by the flooding won't be easily fixed, and we must
continue our efforts at getting help at the grassroots level.''

The AFL Brisbane Juniors Club at Yeronga is the first to benefit. It will get
replacement field equipment.

Juniors general manager Cherie Brockwell welcomed the funding, and said flooding
had ``absolutely devastated'' clubs at Sherwood, Moggill, Jindalee, Pine Rivers,
Redcliffe and Yeronga.

Groups should complete a grant application form at www.mcdonalds.com.au by March
18.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: WSN


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              149 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Wynnum Herald (Australia)

                          February 23, 2011 Wednesday
                                  1 - Edition

Our McKick-starter

SECTION: Pg. 9

LENGTH: 281  words


MCDONALD'S has thrown its weight behind Quest Community Newspapers' Kick Start
initiative to help flood-affected clubs.

With Kick Start entering its third week, McDonald's will work with Quest to
connect with clubs needing grants of between $500 and $10,000 to get back on
their feet.

Adam Dando, McDonald's Queensland Licensee Committee president, said:
``McDonald's and Quest have enjoyed a strong relationship for many years now, so
when McDonald's saw that Quest had launched its Kick Start initiative, we
recognised a great opportunity to get involved.

``This week McDonald's is launching its Queensland Community Grant program aimed
at giving sporting and community groups the opportunity to apply for a one-off
cash or equipment grant to help them rebuild after the floods and Cyclone Yasi.

``We want to work with Quest to connect with groups that are greatly in need.

``The McDonald's grants will help eligible clubs and groups to replace vital
items such as equipment, uniforms and fridges.''

Quest editor-in-chief Neil Melloy said: ``It has been inspiring to watch
communities come together in our Kick Start campaign and we are looking forward
to working with McDonald's.

``The devastation caused by the flooding won't be easily fixed, and we must
continue our efforts at getting help at the grassroots level.''

The AFL Brisbane Juniors Club at Yeronga is the first to benefit. It will get
replacement field equipment.

Juniors general manager Cherie Brockwell welcomed the funding, and said flooding
had ``absolutely devastated'' clubs at Sherwood, Moggill, Jindalee, Pine Rivers,
Redcliffe and Yeronga.

Groups should complete a grant application form at www.mcdonalds.com.au by March
18

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: WRH


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              150 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Caboolture Shire Herald (Australia)

                           February 22, 2011 Tuesday
                                  1 - Edition

Our McKick-starter

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 281  words


MCDONALD'S has thrown its weight behind Quest Community Newspapers' Kick Start
initiative to help flood-affected clubs.

With Kick Start entering its third week, McDonald's will work with Quest to
connect with clubs needing grants of between $500 and $10,000 to get back on
their feet.

Adam Dando, McDonald's Queensland Licensee Committee president, said:
``McDonald's and Quest have enjoyed a strong relationship for many years now, so
when McDonald's saw that Quest had launched its Kick Start initiative, we
recognised a great opportunity to get involved.

``This week McDonald's is launching its Queensland Community Grant program aimed
at giving sporting and community groups the opportunity to apply for a one-off
cash or equipment grant to help them rebuild after the floods and Cyclone Yasi.

``We want to work with Quest to connect with groups that are greatly in need.

``The McDonald's grants will help eligible clubs and groups to replace vital
items such as equipment, uniforms and fridges.''

Quest editor-in-chief Neil Melloy said: ``It has been inspiring to watch
communities come together in our Kick Start campaign and we are looking forward
to working with McDonald's.

``The devastation caused by the flooding won't be easily fixed, and we must
continue our efforts at getting help at the grassroots level.''

The AFL Brisbane Juniors Club at Yeronga is the first to benefit. It will get
replacement field equipment.

Juniors general manager Cherie Brockwell welcomed the funding, and said flooding
had ``absolutely devastated'' clubs at Sherwood, Moggill, Jindalee, Pine Rivers,
Redcliffe and Yeronga.

Groups should complete a grant application form at www.mcdonalds.com.au by March
18

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: CSH


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              151 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 23, 2017 Monday

Grant funds will help new program for juvenile offenders

BYLINE: Wayne Baker, Journal-News, Hamilton, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 476 words


Jan. 23--MIDDLETOWN -- The city of Middletown has contributed funds to a program
that connect juvenile offenders with treatment services and social service
agencies.

The new Adolescent Community Treatment Services program -- or ACTS -- works with
Butler County Juvenile Court to help youths ages 14-18 fulfill court-ordered
community service and connect the teens with treatment services and social
service agencies to teach them skills.

The city of Middletown awarded a $29,200 Community Development Block Grant to
fund the new program.

"... the kids can work off community service hours through the ACTS program and
it is also giving them some of the life skill, work skill type of education
while also allowing them to work off these community service hours," said Devin
Goodman, chief probation officer at the Butler County Juvenile Court.

The program includes teaching youth how to prepare for job interviews, how to
make better decisions in life, and how to deal with anger management issues,
according to Alisa Groves, who is the program coordinator for ACTS.

"We are trying to get them to deal with the type of mindset that got them in
trouble in the first place," she said. "We know it is working because we are
getting more referrals from the court and we are expanding."

With the grant funds, the twice-a-week-program is expanding to four days a week
and will continue to help teens, like 15-year-old Stephanie Mujica, who recently
completed the ACTS program.

"This program benefits you and teaches you things that will help you later on in
life," Mujica said. "I think this is the best form of community service because
we weren't just sitting in a room waiting for two hours to go by until our
community service hours were up... Alisa gives us a second chance to fix our
mistakes and be one more step back on the right track."

Goodman said the ACTS program is "the one most structured out of all the
opportunities to have the youth give back to the community while learning some
life skills in the process."

That rehabilitation component is essential to the success of the program's
participants, according to Dr. Alana Van Gundy, a professor in the Criminal
Justice Studies Department at Miami University.

"The most important way to approach a youth program is by including components
of rehabilitation in the program model," she said. "Additionally, they must have
components of rehabilitation that focus on changing behavior, increasing social
bonds, and addressing the physical and emotional needs specific to youth."

"The feedback we've gotten from a few of the kids that have gone through it is
that they enjoy it and have gotten something out of it. So the early returns are
positive," Goodman said.

___ (c)2017 the Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio) Visit the Journal-News (Hamilton,
Ohio) at www.journal-news.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170123-HL-Grant
-funds-will-help-new-program-for-juvenile-offenders-0123-20170123

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HL


                        Copyright 2017 The Journal-News


                              152 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 15, 2014 Tuesday

North Carolina:N. C. Division of Workforce Solutions Receives Federal Grant to
Train Workers

LENGTH: 445  words

DATELINE: Raleigh


The State of North Carolina has issued the following news release:

The N.C. Division of Workforce Solutions has received a federal grant worth $6.1
million to expand its programs to train workers who lost a job in high-demand
industries.

The state will receive the grant over two years through the federal Job Driven
National Emergency Grant program to augment on-the-job and classroom training
programs in targeted regions for dislocated workers, helping them prepare for
in-demand industries.  Individuals served through this grant will be those who
have been unemployed for the long term, more than 27 weeks, with a special
priority given to veterans.  The division will work in collaboration with the
Workforce Development Boards and the N.C. Community Colleges in the targeted
areas to offer the expanded programs.

"This grant expands our investment in one of the state's most important
resources: our workforce," said Commerce Secretary Sharon Decker.  "We're giving
job seekers the tools they need to find jobs, providing businesses the employees
they need to thrive, and creating a prosperous economy for North Carolina."

Across the state, the division's local workforce offices offer career
assessments, labor market information, access to training and job fairs, and
assistance with job interviews, resumes, and cover letters at no charge to job
seekers.  The division also operates NCWorks Online, the job-search portal
designed to connect talented job seekers to employers.

The division, workforce boards, and the community college system work together
to connect talented people with employers and employers with the services they
need to grow and retain quality jobs.

"We're thrilled to offer more unemployed citizens the tools they need to
successfully compete in the job market," said Will Collins, Executive Director
of NCWorks.  "Our agencies do their best work when they're working together to
improve the workforce of North Carolina."

The Job Driven National Emergency Grant program is funded by the U.S. Department
of Labor.

NCWorks

In April, Governor Pat McCrory announced NCWorks, a new partnership between the
N.C. Department of Commerce, the N.C. Community College System, and the N.C.
Department of Public Instruction to improve the state's workforce system.
Through the NCWorks initiative, partners will create a stronger alignment of
services and resources to meet the workforce needs of businesses, connect North
Carolinians to technical training and quality careers, and use data to monitor
and assess program outcomes. For more information about NCWorks, visit
www.nccommerce.com/ncworks.

For more information please visit: http://www.nccommerce.com

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              153 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Ipswich News (Queensland, Australia)

                           February 24, 2011 Thursday
                                  1 - Edition

Our McKick-starter

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 283 words


MCDONALD'S has thrown its weight behind Quest Community Newspapers' Kick Start
initiative to help flood-affected clubs.

With Kick Start entering its third week, McDonald's will work with Quest to
connect with clubs needing grants of between $500 and $10,000 to get back on
their feet.

Adam Dando, McDonald's Queensland Licensee Committee president, said:
``McDonald's and Quest have enjoyed a strong relationship for many years now, so
when McDonald's saw that Quest had launched its Kick Start initiative, we
recognised a great opportunity to get involved.

``This week McDonald's is launching its Queensland Community Grant program aimed
at giving sporting and community groups the opportunity to apply for a one-off
cash or equipment grant to help them rebuild after the floods and Cyclone Yasi.

``We want to work with Quest to connect with groups that are greatly in need.

``The McDonald's grants will help eligible clubs and groups to replace vital
items such as equipment, uniforms and fridges.''

Quest editor-in-chief Neil Melloy said: ``It has been inspiring to watch
communities come together in our Kick Start campaign and we are looking forward
to working with McDonald's.

``The devastation caused by the flooding won't be easily fixed, and we must
continue our efforts at getting help at the grassroots level.''

The AFL Brisbane Juniors club at Yeronga is the first to benefit. It will get
replacement field equipment.

Juniors general manager Cherie Brockwell welcomed the much-needed funding, and
said flooding had ``absolutely devastated'' clubs at Sherwood, Moggill,
Jindalee, Pine Rivers, Redcliffe and Yeronga.

Groups should complete a grant application form at www.mcdonalds.com.au by March
18.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IPS


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              154 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                     The Chronicle (Toowoomba, Queensland)

                             June 23, 2012 Saturday

INBRieF

SECTION: Pg. 22

LENGTH: 430  words

Save a Bomb

ERGON Energy has extended its Save a Bomb pool program to help customers save
money on pool running costs.

The program offers financial incentives to customers with pools who connect
their pool pump to the cheaper Tariff 33 via a standard socket outlet or
purchase a five-star or better energy-efficient pool pump system.

Originally due to end on June 30 this year, Ergon Energy has decided to continue
the program to June30 next year.

The cash-back offers have been altered, with up to $250 cash back for customers
to connect their pump to a Tariff 33 outlet or $150 cash back towards the
purchase of an eligible energy efficient pump from July1.

Pool owners who connect to Tariff 33 can save up to $250 a year on their
electricity costs, or up to $300 by connecting to an energy efficient pool pump.

For more information about the cash back offers visit ergon.com.au

/saveabomb or phone 131046.

Pool closes

WARWICK Indoor Recreation and Aquatic Centre's pools will be closed for further
maintenance to the filter system from June 23 to July 1.

This closure will include the first week of the school holidays and if all goes
to plan, the pools are expected to reopen on July 2.

The centre's holiday activity program will still go ahead during this time.

For more information on the activities, phone staff a the centre on 4661 7955.

Footy grants

HOME Hardware Stores in Dalby, Mitchell, Plainland, Roma and Charleville are
getting behind local rugby league clubs, offering them the chance to win one of
10 $5000 grants.

After its huge success in 2011 helping clubs around Australia, the Home Timber
and Hardware NRL Grassroots Grants is back, helping amateur Rugby League clubs.

Entries are now open and submissions can be entered via the Home Timber and
Hardware Facebook page.

Simply submit an image of your club and detail why you need a $5000 Grassroots
Club Grant.

The most deserving entries will be chosen to go through to public vote, with 10
$5000 Grassroots Club Grants up for grabs.

TOOWOOMBA community groups have been invited to put in a bid for the Everyone's
Environment grants program.

Grants are available for a range of projects including tree-planting and land
restoration; community and waterway clean-ups and run-off reduction and water
quality improvement.

The grants of between $2000 and $100,000 are to support local community projects
which help stop environmental degradation.

For more information visit ehp.qld.gov.au.

WE'RE looking for any old pictures to use in our popular The Way We Were
section.

Please send your old pictures to news@thechronicle

.com.au

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TCH


                    Copyright 2012 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              155 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                Bowen Independent (North Queensland, Australia)

                              March 4, 2016 Friday
                                 Bowen Edition

CCT support extended

SECTION: CLASSIFIEDS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 220 words


THE QCoal Foundation has further cemented its partnership with the Collinsville
Connect Telecentre through a new 2020 Community Growth Grant of $15,000.

Awarded annually in December, the 2020 Community Growth Grants support community
-led initiatives to improve livability, health and education in communities
throughout rural and remote Queensland.

The Collinsville Connect Telecentre provides comprehensive Information
Communication Technology (ICT) services and support to the Collinsville and
Scottville communities and has played a key role in community initiatives such
as the Pit Pony Experience.

"The QCoal Foundation recognises the pivotal role of the CCT in Collinsville and
the centre's important role as a community hub," QCoal Foundation Director
Christopher Wallin said.

"We value our partnership with the centre and look forward to continuing to work
together in 2016." CCT co-ordinator Sue Clark thanked the QCoal Foundation for
its ongoing support and recognising the important role the centre played in the
community.

"We really do appreciate this support," Ms Clark said.

"We literally would not be here without it, that is no exaggeration. "This is
the third year in a row that QCoal has supported us with this grant."From all of
us at the telecentre, and the community, I'd like to say a really big thank
you."

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Bowen Independent


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              156 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                 Hidalgo County Herald (Lordsburg, New Mexico)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  June 7, 2013

UPR offers grants to support community railroad safety initiatives

BYLINE: Hidalgo County Herald staff

LENGTH: 581  words


Union Pacific Railroad today announced a grant program for community railroad
safety initiatives. Grants ranging from $500 to $5,000 will be provided to
support initiatives that enhance railroad safety in Union Pacific communities.

Union Pacific is committed to working collaboratively with communities to
encourage safe behavior around railroad tracks. The railroad's new grant program
furthers this commitment by funding initiatives that raise awareness of railroad
safety and empower communities to be active railroad safety participants. The
online grant application, available at UnionPacificCares.com, provides
organizations the opportunity to explain how they plan to use grant funding, the
safety initiative's goals, who the initiative will reach and how success will be
measured.

Grant-funded initiatives may include, but are not limited to:

School safety days

Community safety programs

Grade crossing education efforts

Law enforcement activities

Railroad safety advocacy

The grant program is part of the UP CARES public safety initiative that promotes
pedestrian and driver safety through a variety of outreach channels:

Grade crossing education and enforcement, during which motorists violating rail
crossing signage and laws are educated about the dangers of such actions.
Related "positive enforcement" initiatives reward drivers who operate safely at
grade crossings.

Safety trains, hosting local law enforcement, media and public officials and
providing them the opportunity to ride in the locomotive cab and see traffic
violations from a locomotive engineer's point of view. This also allows Union
Pacific to connect with community leaders and help them better understand the
railroad's safety focus.

Communication blitzes, which educate the public via community events, media
outreach and paid advertising. Media outreach coincides with safety trains in UP
communities.

"The UP CARES grants extend our safety commitment further into communities by
providing additional resources to champion railroad safety," said Lance Fritz,
Union Pacific executive vice president - Operations. "While we have a wealth of
existing company and industry safety initiatives, this is an opportunity for
organizations to be creative and bring forward fresh ideas to address railroad
safety in ways that fit their communities."

For more information about the program, including the online application and an
educational video about the grant program, visit UnionPacificCares.com. About
Union Pacific

Union Pacific Railroad is the principal operating company of Union Pacific
Corporation (NYSE: UNP). One of America's most recognized companies, Union
Pacific Railroad links 23 states in the western two-thirds of the country by
rail, providing a critical link in the glo bal supply chain. From 2007-2012,
Union Pacific invested $18 billion in its network and operations to support
America's transportation infrastructure, including a record $3.7 billion in
2012. The railroad's diversified business mix includes Agricultural Products,
Automotive, Chemicals, Coal, Industrial Products and Intermodal. Union Pacific
serves many of the fastest-growing U.S. population centers, operates from all
major West Coast and Gulf Coast ports to eastern gateways, connects with
Canada's rail systems and is the only railroad serving all six major Mexico
gateways. Union Pacific provides value to its roughly 10,000 customers by
delivering products in a safe, reliable, fuel-efficient and environmentally
responsible manner.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDG

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2013 Hidalgo County Herald


                              157 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Columbia Basin Herald, Moses Lake, Wash.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 23, 2014 Sunday

Heron Bluff Trail connects paths around Moses Lake

BYLINE: Justin Brimer, Columbia Basin Herald, Moses Lake, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 511 words


Nov. 23--MOSES LAKE -- After a decade of fund raising and advocating, months of
waiting for construction and a tense city council meeting with upset neighbors
opposed to a trail, the Heron Bluff Trail is finally complete.

Members of the Trails Planning Team celebrated the completion by being among the
first to walk and bike the 3,400 foot path that connects nearly 25 miles of
multi-use paths, bike lanes and extra wide shoulders in and around Moses Lake.

"This is for the entire community. Isn't it just beautiful?" said TPT co-chair
Richard Teals as he grinned and pedaled his bicycle on the cement path that
offers views of Moses Lake.

The path links existing trails that begin at Cascade Park and end at Moses
Pointe golf course. Residents can now walk, stroll with their children or
bicycle safely from the park to the golf course, about 25 miles in all.

The Heron Bluff Trail cost about $300,000 to complete, but more than half of the
money came from donations and grants compiled by the TPT, including a more than
$125,000 grant from Moving Ahead for Progress in the 21st Century, a federal
transportation program enacted in 2012. The Columbia Basin Foundation also
donated $25,000 for the trail.

"We believe that greater access to physical activities for the community is a
valuable use of our resources," said Donn Cook, the foundation's executive
director. "A healthy community is a happy and productive community and we are
happy to be a part."

The City of Moses Lake spent $125,785 on the project with money that was
specifically designated for trails and paths funded through the state's gasoline
tax, according to Lori Moholt-Phillips with the city's parks and recreations
department.

Planning for the trail began after a 2003 survey from city officials and the TPT
showed residents wanted a trail that overlooks Moses Lake and connects with
other paths.

The trail traverses through the Cove West and Bluff West neighborhoods and about
30 residents of those neighborhoods, including Grant County Sheriff Tom Jones,
opposed the trail spoke during a May Moses Lake City Council meeting. The
council voted 4-3 to go forward with the trail because the city had been working
on the trail for more than 10 years.

The neighbors were upset they were not included in the planning of the trail and
said they were concerned crime would increase as a result of a connecting trail
in their neighborhood.

Moses Lake police captain Dave Sands said the department has not seen a rise in
crime when a trail or park comes into an area. He said really the only late
night activities that go on at Moses Lake parks involve young couples meeting in
a "lover's lane type of activity."

Moholt-Phillips said Cove West and Bluff West residents should take advantage of
the trail and said the more neighborhoods a trail goes through the more use it
will get.

Justin Brimer can be reached via e-mail at jbrimer@columbiabasinherald.com

___ (c)2014 the Columbia Basin Herald, Wash. Visit the Columbia Basin Herald,
Wash. at www.columbiabasinherald.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141123-1CO-Heron-Bluff-Trail-connects
-paths-around-Moses-Lake-1123-20141123

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CO


                      Copyright 2014 Columbia Basin Herald


                              158 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             June 5, 2008 Thursday

Cox Connects Foundation awards grants in Tulsa

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 207  words


The employee-funded Cox Connects Foundation presented community investment
grants totaling $102,000 to 22 Tulsa-area nonprofit groups.

"These dollars come from Cox Oklahoma employees to support specific projects in
the areas of education, technology, health and the arts, with a special emphasis
on services to young people in the Tulsa area," said Dave Bialis, Cox Oklahoma
president.

The Cox Connects Foundation is funded and governed by Cox Oklahoma employees.

The foundation was created by Cox Oklahoma employees in Tulsa and expanded to
Oklahoma City this year.

Grant recipients include American Cancer Society, Assistance League of Tulsa,
Camp Fire USA Green Country Council Inc., Child Abuse Network, Community Action
Project of Tulsa County, Community Food Bank of Eastern Oklahoma, Emergency
Infant Services, Family & Children's Services, Girl Scouts of Magic Empire
Council, John 3:16 Mission, Kiwanis Club of Tulsa, Operation Aware of Oklahoma,
Sand Springs Community Services, The Center for Individuals with Physical
Challenges, The D.R.E.A.M. Institute, Tulsa Air and Space Museum, Tulsa Autism
Foundation, Tulsa CASA Inc., Tulsa Day Center for the Homeless, Tulsa Partners
Inc., Tulsa Performing Arts Center Trust and Youth and Heart.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              159 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                          October 14, 2009, Wednesday

Morris Creek Watershed Association obtains AEP grant

BYLINE: Jennifer Garlesky, For Metro Kanawha

SECTION: METRO EAST; Pg. P5

LENGTH: 304 words


Volunteers are extremely important to the Morris Creek Watershed Association.
Without volunteers, projects such as community park clean-ups and tree plantings
would not happen.

Recently, the Morris Creek Watershed Association received a $150 grant from the
American Electric Power Connects grant program. The watershed group qualified
for funding because two watershed members are currently employed by AEP. Mike
King and Jerry Tarver are AEP workers and active volunteers. Their dedication to
the company and their volunteer efforts has made it possible for MCWA to qualify
for this grant opportunity.

"The AEP Connects program recognizes the commitment of AEP employees and
retirees to their communities and supports causes that are important to them,"
said Michael G. Morris, AEP chairman.

More than 780 grants, representing 130,000 volunteer hours donated by AEP
employees and retirees and their families, were made last year, according to an
AEP press release.

The watershed association plans to use that funding to complete one of its many
community service projects it has planned for 2009. The next community service
project the Morris Creek Watershed Association is hosting is on Oct. 24.

The group plans to design and install a k-dam in Morris Creek. A k-dam is a
man-made structure that creates a pool of water for aquatic life to reproduce
and survive in. Morris Creek has four k-dams that span through the creek's
five-mile reach.

The k-dams have been a key element to the creek's success rate of aquatic life
survival.

The service project begins at 9 a.m. at the watershed building located at 328
Morris Drive.

If you would like to volunteer at the next community service project, contact
the watershed association at 304-442-4581 or send e-mail to:
morriscreekwatershed@verizon.net

(Jennifer Garlesky is with OSM/VISTA.)

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Charleston Newspapers


                              160 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Blacktown Advocate (Australia)

                          December 21, 2016 Wednesday
                               Blacktown Edition

Grant ensures message not lost in translation

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 116  words


A SEVEN Hills transport service for the frail, aged and people with disabilities
has received a $3000 grant.

The grant, from motorway operator Transurban Group, will be used to translate
community transport information brochures into multiple languages.

Easy-Go-Connect chief executive Susan Heyne said the funding would improve the
service for non-English speaking clients.

"We already provide services to almost 2000 people who come from over 80
countries and this grant will really help us to connect with some of the most
vulnerable people in our community," she said.Seven Hills state Liberal MP Mark
Taylor said Easy-Go-Connect's staff and volunteers provided a vital service to
the community.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Blacktown Advocate


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              161 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Herald-Times (Bloomington, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 14, 2015 Wednesday

OPINION: Community Foundation awards nearly $320,000 in grants to 12 agencies

BYLINE: Bob Zaltsberg, Herald-Times, Bloomington, Ind.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 838 words


Jan. 14--Twelve agencies received a total of $319,991 in Community Impact Grants
this week from the Community Foundation of Bloomington and Monroe County, in
partnership with the Smithville Charitable Foundation.

The grants, which range in size from $10,000 to $40,210, were awarded Monday
during a reception in Fountain Square Ballroom. The average size of the grants
was $26,666, said Tina Peterson, president and CEO of the Community Foundation.

The recipients were picked from an original field of 48 applicants. Selectors
placed a priority on innovation, collaboration and capacity building.

Grants were made to:

--Area 10 Agency of Aging -- The Mobility Management Project will support the
continuation of the New Freedom Taxi Voucher Program, development of a volunteer
driver program and the creation of educational materials and support for riders
who need assistance understanding their transportation options, according to a
news release.

--Bloomington Economic Development Corp. -- For the Bloomington Code School,
which was established in 2014 by the Bloomington Technology Partnership with a
goal of rapidly improving skills the existing workforce to meet the needs of
local tech companies. Grant funds will support a part-time coordinator to
continue the program and to define a sustainability plan.

--Bloomington Hospital Foundation -- IU Health-Bloomington, in partnership with
IU School of Public Health, and community partners MCCSC, Premier Healthcare and
Bloomington Hospital Foundation, will launch a Coordinated School Health Program
to connect physical, emotional and social health with education.

--Catholic Charities of Bloomington -- The organization will upgrade and expand
its nondirective play therapy services, and provide early mental health services
to very young children and their families. This project will provide
professional training and ongoing supervision to CCB staff in an effort to
shorten the wait time for young children and their families in need of services.

--Community Kitchen of Monroe County -- The grant will allow Community Kitchen
to replace its 16-year-old cargo van, providing the agency with a dependable van
that gets much better gas mileage.

--Girls Inc. -- Girls Inc. will also be able to replace an old bus with a "new"
used bus, enabling more girls than ever before to participate in after-school
programming and summer camps.

--Greater Bloomington Chamber of Commerce Foundation -- The grant is for the
Graduation Coach Initiative, which uses the check-and-connect training model to
help at-risk youth in Monroe County stay in school and graduate. In the seven
years since the program began, high school graduation rates in Monroe County
have risen more than 10 percentage points from 80.53 percent in 2007 to 94.90
percent in 2013.

--Ivy Tech Community College -- Ivy Tech-Bloomington will expand its Arts
Infused Preschool (AIP) to Highland Park Elementary School's Title 1 preschool
classroom.

--Lotus Education and Arts Foundation Inc. -- With its grant, Lotus will upgrade
its administrative facilities. That will help the organization achieve a
long-time strategic goal to become a more effective partner, and provide a
year-round base for innovative, mission-driven programs.

--New Hope Family Shelter, Inc. -- The New Hope Early Childhood Center will
establish a high-quality care and education program for children experiencing
poverty in Bloomington and Monroe County.  The mission of the center is to meet
low-income families' needs for excellent, reliable, affordable childcare, thus
allowing families a greater chance of attaining and sustaining employment or
pursuing educational opportunities to the end of achieving lasting stability,
and ensuring children enter school equipped for early success.

--South Central Community Action Program (SCCAP) -- The grant will go to SCCAP
Thriving Connections (formerly Circles Initiative) in a program in which
participants will learn invaluable skills such as workplace communication and
etiquette, goal setting and resume writing. The children of participants will
receive financial literacy and life skills education from staff, volunteers,
partner agencies and peers.

--Sycamore Land Trust -- The grant is for Sycamore's project to protect a
high-quality 30-acre nature preserve within the newly created Bean Blossom
Conservation Area in Monroe County. This parcel will be part of a larger effort
to connect already protected natural areas between Lake Lemon, Griffy Lake and
the White River in order to provide landscape-scale conservation benefits --
significant habitat for the area's biodiversity, clean air and water through the
filtration of our stormwater and pollution, and enhanced quality of life from
scenic beauty and outdoor recreation, according to a news release. The grant
will leverage matching funds from the Indiana Bicentennial Nature Trust.

___ (c)2015 the Herald-Times (Bloomington, Ind.) Visit the Herald-Times
(Bloomington, Ind.) at www.heraldtimesonline.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150114-BM-OPINION-Community-Foundation-awards-nearly-320,000-in-grants
-to-12-agencies-0114-20150114

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BM


                          Copyright 2015 Herald-Times


                              162 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                            February 26, 2016 Friday

GL Tech, Nashoba Tech, MCC win workforce grants

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 447 words


BOSTON - Greater Lowell Tech, Nashoba Tech and Middlesex Community College are
among 35 schools or training providers sharing $9.3 million in state grants for
purchases that connect Massachusetts students and residents to jobs in
high-demand industries.

Gov. Charlie Baker on Thursday announced the grants, which will allow the
schools to use the money for workforce training and equipment purchases.

The grants include:

* $493,395 for Greater Lowell Technical High School in Tyngsboro to advance its
efforts to automate its Machine Technology Shop to create a state-of-the-art
Precision/Advanced Manufacturing Training Center.

* $500,000 for Nashoba Valley Technical School in Westford to expand its
advanced manufacturing career programming, and will provide additional training
for veterans and people who are chronically unemployed.

* $117,086 for Middlesex Community College to expand training capacity in its
rapidly growing IT cybersecurity program by constructing a new, dedicated
cybersecurity lab at the college's Lowell campus.

"Workforce skills education and training plays an enormous role in economic and
personal development by helping residents acquire the skills they need to
connect with promising careers," Baker said in a statement announcing the
grants.

'Build stronger communities'

"These vocational-technical education equipment grants will help build stronger
communities and a more competitive business environment that ensures more
residents have the skills they need to succeed in and support the commonwealth's
economic future."

The Workforce Skills Capital Grant Program is a new initiative of the Governor's
Workforce Skills Cabinet, which seeks to align education, workforce and economic
development strategies across the state. Labor and Workforce Development
Secretary Ronald Walker II, Education Secretary James Peyser, and Housing and
Economic Development Secretary Jay Ash are tasked with developing policies to
improve economic and job training opportunities.

The Workforce Skills Cabinet consolidated two capital grant programs -- the
former Manufacturing Training Equipment grants (administered by the Executive
Office of Housing and Economic Development) and the former Vocational
Opportunity Challenge grants (administered by the Executive Office for
Administration and Finance) - into one.

The inaugural round of the Workforce Skills Capital Grant program received 68
applications, requesting a total of $18 million in funding.

Baker's proposed economic development legislation requests an additional $75
million in capital authorization for additional training equipment grants that
strengthen workforce skills, and create strong employment pipelines.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              163 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                          September 16, 2006 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Town to get high-speed Internet;
Residents of Gans await broadband Web access

BYLINE: Jim Stafford, Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 572 words


A Sallisaw-based Internet service provider has won a $531,000 federal grant to
take high-speed wireless Internet to the tiny hamlet of Gans, population 208,
according to the 2000 U.S. Census.

The grant is one of 21 Community Connect grants totaling $8.9 million nationwide
announced Friday by the U.S. Agriculture Department.

Three other grants totaling $1.25 million were awarded Friday to Hugo-based
Choctaw Electric Cooperative. The co-op will bring broadband Internet to the
southeastern Oklahoma communities of Haworth, Rattan and Smithville, which have
a combined population of 716.

The Gans grant was won by family owned Nix Medical Supply, which has an Internet
service provider subsidiary known as CSWeb.net.   New territory for providers

The grants will take high-speed Internet services into new territory for
broadband providers, said Brent Kisling, state director for the U.S. Agriculture
Department's Rural Development agency.

"That's really the purpose of the program, to allow anybody in the public to
access high-speed Interent service," Kisling said. "We have been very careful
not to be in competition with those who are already providing high-speed
Internet service."

Nix Medical Supply spokesman Pat Nix Sr. said that part of the grant will be
used to build a community center for Grant that will offer 10 public access
computers with high-speed Internet connections available seven days a week. Nix
said his company will build a wireless network for the Gans community.

"We're going to be developing the community to give a blanket of coverage of
broadband service to the community, providing up to 4 megabits per second of
broadband service," Nix said. "We're going to be providing that to the schools
and all the critical community facilities, the police department and the fire
station, as well as the town hall for a period of two years."

CSWeb.net also will sell its broadband Internet service to Gans residents and
businesses in packages that range from $29.95 to $59.95 per month. The company
already provides dialup service in the community, Nix said.

"It's going to give anyone in the community, who otherwise wouldn't have access
to any type of broadband-type services, that access," he said.

Similar services to the fire and police departments were listed in the grant
announcement for the communities in southeastern Oklahoma served by the Choctaw
Electric Cooperative. A spokesman for the cooperative said it was not ready to
announce any specifics for the program in the communities for which it won the
grants.

As for Gans, just south of Interstate 40 about 18 miles west of Fort Smith,
Ark., the grant will deliver a service that residents have said they needed, Nix
said.

"We went to one of their town meetings and visited with the town management
about it," he said. "They are very excited about it, and they feel like it will
be something that will be an attraction to that community in addition to being a
nice service they can take advantage of."

The Agriculture Department said the Community Connect program has made 129
awards totaling $57.7 million in its five-year history.

"These funds will provide a critical link between essential community facilities
in areas where no broadband service currently exists," Deputy Agriculture
Secretary Chuck Conner said in announcing the awards. "The goal is to improve
public safety and also enable residents to pursue educational opportunities."

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              164 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                            January 7, 2012 Saturday

Pomona coalition gets federal grant

BYLINE: Monica Rodriguez, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 604 words


POMONA - Many people across the city want Pomona to have the best environment
possible so that its youth can grow into healthy adults.

Part of creating that environment involves preventing and deterring young people
from using alcohol and drugs.

To achieve this goal, a coalition of groups working to combat alcohol and drug
use is inviting parents, business people, Neighborhood Watch groups and many
others to work together to help develop policies and strategies to keep Pomona
youth away from substance abuse.

These efforts will be supported by a 5-year, $625,000 grant from the federal
Drug Free Communities program. The grant was awarded last fall to a coalition of
groups, which applied under the name of the Alcohol and Drug Prevention
Coalition of Pomona - an outgrowth of the Pomona Youth and Family Master Plan.

The grant "is one of the most important grants to come to Pomona in the last 20
years," said Bernardo Rosa, immediate past co-chairman of the Pomona Youth and
Family Master Plan Community Board.

In addition to the federal grant, the coalition will be eligible for another
5-year grant and possibly a third 5-year award, he said.

The grant is meant to assist parents, youth, clergy, law enforcement, educators,
youth services organizations and various other groups work together to come up
with ways of preventing and reducing substance abuse among young people, said
Jamie Holes, operations director for East San Gabriel and Pomona Valley Chapter
of the National Council on Alcoholism and Drug Dependence.

Holes, a member of the coalition, said Pomona residents and others can respond
to a crisis when one erupts "but we want to mobilize that voice when there isn't
a crisis."

Many groups exist in the city that are already carrying out initiatives and
other efforts to keep youth away from alcohol and drugs, she said.

Parent and youth groups, educators and others often known the best way to deter
young people from engaging in drug and alcohol consumption, Holes said.

The goal is to connect the groups together so they can develop policies and
initiatives that will create an environment where youth are less likely to use
alcohol or drugs, she said.

To develop successful policies and initiatives, the ideas must come from those
living in the community, Rosa said.

"The only way to shift community norms and values is if the community makes the
shift," Rosa said.

The Pomona Youth and Family Master Plan Community Board has been working to
carry out long-term changes that will help create an environment in which Pomona
children, youth and their families thrive.

Some Community Board members said the collaborative efforts of groups and
individuals involved with the Youth and Family Master Plan in addition to its
efforts in support of ordinances designed to prevent underage youth from
drinking at parties and other work, helped bring the grant to Pomona.

With the help of the grant more can be done to spread the word of policies and
other tools in place that can prevent young people from consuming alcohol or
drugs, said Anne Henderson, current co-chairwoman of Youth and Family Master
Plan Community Board.

Additionally, greater opportunities to connect youth and families with services
that will prevent or stop young people from consuming substances drugs or
alcohol, she said.

Those interested in participating in the efforts to reduce and prevent alcohol
and drug use in youth are invited to attend a meeting beginning at noon Thursday
at the Ganesha Park Community Center, 1575 N. White Ave.

Light refreshments will be offered.

To RSVP, call 909-629-4084.

Reach Monica via email or call her at 909-483-9336.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              165 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Nanaimo Daily News (British Columbia)

                            November 1, 2011 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Lantzville ready to officially open E&N Trail; Six sections will eventually link
south end of district to its northern boundary, according to officials

BYLINE: Walter Cordery, The Daily News

SECTION: NEWS; Walter Cordery; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 477  words


T he District of Lantzville will officially open the first section of that
community's E&N Trail Saturday.

The 1.6-kilometre trail is the first of six sections that will eventually tie
the entire community from the south end of Lantzville to its northern boundary,
said Twyla Graff, Lantzville's chief administrative officer.

The section, from Aulds to Ware Road, links to Nanaimo's popular Parkway Trail.

"That's why we focused on this part of the trail first because it does link and
it also gives people an alternative of walking along the highway," said Graff.

While the new trail doesn't connect with the Parkway Trail, the $890,000 section
starts at Aulds Road and is just a short walk west from those venturing on the
Nanaimo trail.

The provincial government's Towns for Tomorrow program contributed a grant of
$400,000 toward the project and Graff said Lantzville hopes for more funding
from the province to develop the next section of trail.

Lantzville also received approximately $250,000 under the provinces Small
Community grant program but that funding was not needed for the first section.

Small Community grants are to help local governments provide basic services. The
total is a base amount, plus an amount determined using a formula that combines
population and assessment values

"Council has already requested that staff look at funding for the next section,
said Graff.

"The province has new grants available and the deadline to get our application
in is mid December."

One of the reasons Lantzville incorporated into a municipality was to be able to
apply for provincial funds that weren't available to the former improvement
district.

Besides the funding for the trail and the Small Community grant, Lantzville has
received funding for sewer services that will connect with the Regional

District of Nanaimo and have the sewage processed at the RDN's Greater Nanaimo
Pollution Centre on Hammond Bay Road.

The new trail is paved so baby strollers, bicycles and wheelchairs should have
no problem on the multi-use track.

Once contractor Locar started construction, Graff said the project took
approximately 60 days to complete.

"Of course we had done some preliminary work prior to them starting," she said.

On Saturday, an official ribbon-cutting at the Aulds Road entrance to the trail
takes place at 10 a.m., followed by speeches from dignitaries in attendance.

Immediately following the ribbon-cutting and speeches, Lantzville council
members will lead interested spectators on a 3.2-kilometre walk along the trail
to Ware Road and back.

The trail does follow the E&N Rail line but Locar had to install a bridge near
the Aulds Road end of the trail to build it.

"This trail was the initiative of the current council and we wanted to have the
grand opening with councillors in attendance before the election," Graff said.

WCordery@nanaimodailynews.com 250-729-4237

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: [Walter Cordery, Daily News]; Lantzville chief administrative officer
Twyla Graff stands on the just-completed E&N Trailway. The municipal district
willhold an official ribbon cutting on Saturday.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 Nanaimo Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              166 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The American (Vinita, Oklahoma)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               December 23, 2010

High speed internet coming to Grove Library

BYLINE: The American staff

LENGTH: 636  words


Internet users at Grove Public Library will see a dramatic increase in access
speed as early as next year thanks to a national grant project. High speed
broadband capabilities will increase the library's Internet connection speed
from 1.5 megabytes per second to 45 mbps.

On top of that, the library will have high speed video conferencing capabilities
by 2012, and library users will have access to special learning and career
software to help students with homework, and assist job seekers with resume
creation, interviewing skills and job testing.

Representatives from the library, the community, and the Eastern Oklahoma
District Library System (EODLS) attended a project launch event in Oklahoma City
last week to learn more about Oklahoma's public library broadband pro-gram OR
Connect.

Participants heard presentations from state officials and national partners,
networked with other participating libraries, and brainstormed ideas on how Ok
Connect can make a difference in the lives of citizens.

The Oklahoma Department of Libraries (ODL) received the major grant from the
National Telecommunications and Information Administration last July to upgrade
broadband and computing capabilities at 44 people libraries around the state.

NTIA awarded the state $2.3 million through the Broadband

Technology Opportunities Program (BTOP), part of the American Recovery and
Reinvestment Act passed by Congress in 2009. The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation
is providing matching funds and in kind services worth $1 million, bringing the
total to $3.3 million to implement the improvements in Oklahoma.

"We were thrilled to receive the grant," ODL Director Susan McVey said. "High
speed access and new equipment will open up a host of educational and economic
opportunities for these communities, and provide easier access to health and
government information."

Ok Connect project director Vicki Mohr said the libraries and their communities
are ready to embrace this technology.

"The libraries see it as a major advantage in terms of educational offerings and
economic development," Mohr said. "With this equipment, small businesses could
communicate globally with their partners, conduct online interviews with
potential employees, and attend training sessions without having to leave town.
Local citizens could sign-up for online college courses. It can be a boon for
distance education in these communities."

McVey said Oklahoma's successful grant application would not have been possible
without the assistance of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation. "Their
partnership with ODL made all the difference," she said.

Jill Nishi, deputy director of the Gates Foundation's U.S. Libraries program,
said federal investments in connecting libraries to high-quality Internet
service and technology are critical to realizing the universal broadband access
America needs.

"When libraries provide broadband communities they can deliver valuable online
opportunities that help people find jobs, further their education, and access
important government information," Nishi said. "We hope that this award will
help public and private funders to understand the importance of investing in
public technology access at Oklahoma's libraries."

In addition to the 44 public library sites, other key partners in Ok Connect
include 'the Oklahoma Department of Commerce, the National Network of Libraries
of Medicine, Hearts for Hearing, local city governments, and library friends
groups.

ODL will also facilitate training for the Grove library staff, and assist with
the library's annual federal E-Rate application to secure discounts for ongoing
telecommunications services.

Five other EODLS librariesin Eufaula, Muskogee, Sallisaw, Tahlequah and
Westvilleare receiving high speed broadband Internet and video conferencing
capabilities through the grant.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Education

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AFT

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2010 The American


                              167 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                                  Western Mail

                          September 17, 2002, Tuesday

SUCCESSFUL CONNECTION;
 FARMING CONNECT: A VERY GOOD START,' SAYS MINISTER

BYLINE: Sheila Coleman

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 422 words


A YEAR ago today the National Assembly launched a scheme to help farming
families improve their farm businesses.

Yesterday Rural Development Minister, Michael German, marked the anniversary by
visiting a farm and publishing details of the Farming Connect scheme's success
rate.

During its first year Mr German said Farming Connect had received 4,690
inquiries, with about 2,127 business consultant visits initiated and 571 Farm
Business Development Plans completed.

So far 183 Farm Improvement Grants and five Farm Enterprise Grants have been
approved - representing a grant commitment of more than pounds 2.3m and a total
expenditure of over pounds 7m.

"Three development centres for the beef and sheep, dairy and organic sectors
have been set up and 30 demonstration farms established to encourage the
adoption of best practice and over 100 bespoke events have been held throughout
Wales attended by more than 2,000 farmers," said Mr German, who was visiting a
demonstration farm near Brecon.

"Two of the three Timber Processing Grant applications received to date have
been approved and 26 applications for Farm Tourism Grants received, one of which
has now been approved." The machinery ring service is being used by 1,729 new
farm businesses, and 130 farmers are now undertaking ICT training.

"Out of the current pounds 21m budget 71pc is directly available for the capital
grant schemes and 29pc for the provision of services such as facilitators,
development centres, demonstration farms, machinery rings and the production of
literature. I think this all represents a very good start," said Mr German.
However, the scheme has not been without its critics, with some farmers claiming
the sys-tem is too bogged down in bureaucracy.

Both Welsh farming unions have supported Farming Connect and continue to
encourage farmers to participate.

"We agree with the principles of the scheme, but there is a feeling that it has
been over ambi-tious in terms of delivery. "NFU Cymru is hopeful that the
shortcomings of the scheme are now being fully addressed and we may look forward
to positive and real benefits for the farming industry," said NFU Cymru deputy
director, Mary James.

Health check

FARMING Connect, which is a public/private partnership service for the farming
community, was launched by Rural Affairs Minister Carwyn Jones on September 17,
2001, with pounds 20m made available over the first two years. At the core of
the service is a free health check for each individual farm.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WOOL WORTH: Rural Development Minister Mike German, right, meets; Emrys
Lewis on his farm near Brecon to mark the first anniversary of the scheme to
help farm businesses; Picture: Andrew James

                    Copyright 2002 Western Mail and Echo Ltd


                              168 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                             March 5, 2013 Tuesday

Berkshire homeless will benefit from foundation's $300K grant

BYLINE: By Josh Stilts, Berkshire Eagle Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 355 words


PITTSFIELD -- As many as 15 homeless families in Berkshire County may soon have
both housing and the skills to maintain employment at a living wage thanks in
part to a grant from the Paul and Phyllis Fireman Foundation.

The $300,000 grant will help launch the Secure Jobs Connect pilot project, a
program designed to remove employment barriers for the homeless in Western
Massachusetts.

Brad Gordon, executive director of the Berkshire Regional Housing Authority, and
Jay Sacchetti, vice president of ServiceNet Inc., which helps connect homeless
families with job opportunities, on Tuesday were at Holyoke Community College,
where the grant was announced to discuss how the project would benefit Berkshire
County.

"By combining a variety of services to sustain housing we'll be able to help 10
to 15 homeless families sustain housing," Gordon said. "This is a great step in
the right direction to help people get employment and maintain a living wage so
they can avoid being homeless or resolve it."

One of the major problems facing local homeless families, Sacchetti said, is
educational opportunities and training for skilled jobs.

Funding from the grant will help people attend schools like Berkshire Community
College, or enroll in local job placement offices to act as a "bridge" to
sustaining a home and employment.

"If we're going to have long-term success, these households need access to
viable employment opportunities that ultimately lead to an income, living wage
jobs, and that's what this program will do," Sacchetti said.

Several of the families Gordon and Sacchetti have worked with are second- and
third-generation homeless, a cycle they both agreed needs to be broken.

"This is a really good investment," Gordon said. "By just giving people money or
a place to live it acts like a Band-Aid and doesn't really address the actual
problem. This program will provide those solutions."

Although an exact timetable hasn't been established, homeless families in the
Berkshires can apply for the pilot project by contacting the Secure Jobs Connect
program office at (413) 536-5403, ext. 229 or e-mail
cpmet@partnersforcommunity.org .

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              169 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Port Macquarie News

                            November 1, 2013 Friday

Getting connected

SECTION: PORT+; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 286 words


THE community connect day held at the Port Macquarie racecourse on Wednesday
attracted over 500 people with a further 50 community services also
represented.-

Hosted by local community services, the day was funded by Panthers Port
Macquarie through the club grants program and donations from local business.-

Port Macquarie Neighbourhood Centre coordinator Julie Trowbridge said attendance
exceeded last year's event.-

"The day was a hive of activity," Ms Trowbridge said.-

"Community Connect Days are held in many regions in NSW and this was the third
event held in the Hastings. -

"The days are aimed to assist those who are homeless, at risk of homelessness or
needing a helping hand.

"In these tough economic times many families are struggling to meet their weekly
living expenses and some very generous community services and volunteers
organise these connect days each year to assist those people.-

"Through the funding, everything on the day was provided free of charge to those
attending and without the generous donations from many local business,
volunteers as well as our local talent, this day could not go ahead. "This year
we had a host of free information, clothing, haircuts, barista, cooking
demonstrations, barbeque lunch and fruit, Bunnings displays plus
entertainment."-

Along with the neighbourhood centre, community groups including The Hope Shop,
Department of Human Services, Interrelate and TAFE worked together with many
other community services, businesses and volunteers to ensure the vulnerable and
those most in need are supported on the day. -

"Thank you to all our sponsors, volunteers, organising committee and Tafe
students for a very successful 2013 Community Connect Day," Ms Trowbridge said.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2013 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              170 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Port Macquarie News

                            November 1, 2013 Friday

Getting connected

SECTION: PORT+; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 284 words


THE community connect day held at the Port Macquarie racecourse on Wednesday
attracted over 500 people with a further 50 community services also represented.

Hosted by local community services, the day was funded by Panthers Port
Macquarie through the club grants program and donations from local business.

Port Macquarie Neighbourhood Centre coordinator Julie Trowbridge said attendance
exceeded last year's event.

"The day was a hive of activity," Ms Trowbridge said.

"Community Connect Days are held in many regions in NSW and this was the third
event held in the Hastings.

"The days are aimed to assist those who are homeless, at risk of homelessness or
needing a helping hand.

"In these tough economic times many families are struggling to meet their weekly
living expenses and some very generous community services and volunteers
organise these connect days each year to assist those people.

"Through the funding, everything on the day was provided free of charge to those
attending and without the generous donations from many local business,
volunteers as well as our local talent, this day could not go ahead. This year
we had a host of free information, clothing, haircuts, barista, cooking
demonstrations, barbeque lunch and fruit, Bunnings displays plus entertainment."

Along with the neighbourhood centre, community groups including The Hope Shop,
Department of Human Services, Interrelate and TAFE worked together with many
other community services, businesses and volunteers to ensure the vulnerable and
those most in need are supported on the day.

"Thank you to all our sponsors, volunteers, organising committee and Tafe
students for a very successful 2013 Community Connect Day," Ms Trowbridge said.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2013 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              171 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Port Macquarie News

                            November 1, 2013 Friday

Getting connected

SECTION: PORT+; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 284 words


THE community connect day held at the Port Macquarie racecourse on Wednesday
attracted over 500 people with a further 50 community services also represented.

Hosted by local community services, the day was funded by Panthers Port
Macquarie through the club grants program and donations from local business.

Port Macquarie Neighbourhood Centre coordinator Julie Trowbridge said attendance
exceeded last year's event.

"The day was a hive of activity," Ms Trowbridge said.

"Community Connect Days are held in many regions in NSW and this was the third
event held in the Hastings.

"The days are aimed to assist those who are homeless, at risk of homelessness or
needing a helping hand.

"In these tough economic times many families are struggling to meet their weekly
living expenses and some very generous community services and volunteers
organise these connect days each year to assist those people.

"Through the funding, everything on the day was provided free of charge to those
attending and without the generous donations from many local business,
volunteers as well as our local talent, this day could not go ahead. This year
we had a host of free information, clothing, haircuts, barista, cooking
demonstrations, barbeque lunch and fruit, Bunnings displays plus entertainment."

Along with the neighbourhood centre, community groups including The Hope Shop,
Department of Human Services, Interrelate and TAFE worked together with many
other community services, businesses and volunteers to ensure the vulnerable and
those most in need are supported on the day.

"Thank you to all our sponsors, volunteers, organising committee and Tafe
students for a very successful 2013 Community Connect Day," Ms Trowbridge said.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2013 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              172 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                               May 9, 2014 Friday

Washington: New Case Studies Show Schools, Libraries and Health Care Providers
Play Key Role in Broadband Expansion and Adoption

LENGTH: 1081  words

DATELINE: Washington


National Telecommunications and Information Administration has issued the
following news release:

In 2010, as part of the Broadband Technology Opportunities Program (BTOP), NTIA
awarded more than $450 million in matching grants to establish or upgrade public
computer centers and initiate innovative broadband adoption programs in
underserved communities. Four years later, that investment has resulted in more
than 3,000 new or improved public computer centers and produced 600,000 new
household broadband subscriptions.

These grants complement the $3.4 billion in infrastructure investments from NTIA
that have enabled BTOP grant recipients to connect more than 21,000 community
anchor institutions with ultra-fast broadband, including 2,400 medical and
health care providers, more than 1,300 libraries, and 8,000 K-12 schools.  BTOP
has provided a significant down-payment on President Obama's ConnectED
initiative to link all schools to high-speed Internet by 2018.

Schools, libraries, and health care providers were pivotal in making this rapid
expansion possible.  These anchor institutions already had close ties to their
communities, recognized the enormous benefits high-speed Internet affords, and
possessed skilled staff to organize classes and broker learning resources.

Today at the Schools, Health & Libraries Broadband (SHLB) Coalition annual
conference, we released four more of the 15 case studies that detail the impact
of the BTOP public computer center and sustainable broadband adoption awards.
The case studies were conducted as part of an evaluation contract by independent
research firm ASR Analytics.  With this release a total of seven studies  are
available to the public.

The institutions profiled in the case studies include community colleges, a
historically black university, and two nonprofit organizations that work with
K-12 schools, first responders, and health care providers.  The following is a
snapshot of the projects featured in the reports released today and information
on the impact they are having in their communities:

At Florida A&M University, a university that has historically served
African-American students, a new BTOP-funded Center for Public Computing and
Workforce Development serves Tallahassee and surrounding counties.  The center
features 80 new computers with broadband Internet connections, internal wireless
access, and interactive video conferencing technology being used to provide both
college classes and training for area businesses.  A major focus of the center
is assisting small and disadvantaged enterprises, including construction
companies and website developers.  Senior citizens, middle school students, and
summer campers are also learning new skills, from Photoshop and Google search to
how to apply for college.

The Foundation for California Community Colleges (FCCC), a nonprofit that works
with two-year colleges throughout the state, used BTOP funding to provide
computer training, laptops and wireless cards for low-income and minority
students enrolled in the Math, Engineering, and Science Achievement (MESA)
program.  Each participating student was required to teach a computer skill to
at least seven people from his or her home community, such as how to send emails
or use Skype.  Program participants were able to use their teaching experience
to bolster their resumes.  Students also earned more than 1,100 certifications
in Microsoft Office programs and used their laptops to apply for jobs,
internships, and admission to four-year colleges.  FCCC created more than 9,000
new broadband subscribers.

digital literacy trainers
Foundation for California Community Colleges helps students become digital
literacy trainers and provides them with a free new laptop/tablet to help them
share their skills with local community members.

Connect Arkansas, a nonprofit established by the state legislature in 2007 to
promote broadband adoption and deployment, targeted its BTOP investment in the
state's 57 poorest counties, where 23 percent of adults have not finished high
school.  The project focused on using broadband to improve education,
entrepreneurship, and health care, since the economy of rural Arkansas depends
on a population that has the skills and vitality to compete for jobs.

Connect Arkansas reached into schools to connect with low-income families,
providing free computers and training to more than 1,000 students, along with
their parents or guardians. Leveraging a broadband mapping grant from NTIA, the
program also worked with 11 Internet service providers to match low-income
families with discounted Internet access.  And it offered entrepreneurship
classes in 144 high schools to teach students how to build websites and business
plans.  In addition, Connect Arkansas collaborated with the University of
Arkansas for Medical Sciences to train more than 4,000 healthcare professionals
in the use of telemedicine, a critical resource in rural and high-poverty areas.

Finally, the Future Generations Graduate School, located in Franklin, West
Virginia, took an innovative approach to promoting broadband use and adoption in
rural areas by establishing public computer centers at 60 local fire stations
serving largely poor and mountainous areas of the state. The fire stations
received BTOP-funded laptop computers and broadband access in return for opening
their facilities to area residents.  First responders also used the new
computers to complete online training and update their certifications, saving
time and travel costs. The stations also used the computers to file required
incident reports online.  As of December 2012, more than 37,000 people had used
the new centers to connect with friends and family, apply for jobs, upgrade
their skills, and promote their businesses.

All 15 ASR Analytics case studies report on five key impact areas of broadband
adoption and use:  Workforce and Economic Development; Education and Training;
Healthcare; Quality of Life/Civic Engagement; and Digital Literacy.   The
studies, which are extensively documented and include research references,
provide quantitative summaries of relevant data on training and participation in
BTOP activities.   The remaining reports will be released in the weeks ahead.
Together they will help serve the needs of the research and policy communities
for years to come, as we apply the lessons of BTOP to build the nation's
broadband capacity.

For further information please visit: http://www.ntia.doc.gov/

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              173 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Manly Daily (Australia)

                           October 24, 2012 Wednesday
                             1 - Main Book Edition

HELPING LIGHTEN THE LOAD

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 123  words


COMMUNITY Connect Northern Beaches has received a $10,000 grant from Westpac.

The not-for-profit organisation received the grant after being chosen by bank
staff. The money is from the Westpac Foundation, a charitable trust that
provides funds to support the disadvantaged.

It will go into Community Connect Northern Beaches' numerous support services.

The organisation runs a program to support carers in the community, looking
after sick, aged or disabled family members and friends.

It also links prospective volunteers to activities on the northern beaches
including cooking, transport, shopping and gardening services.

Community Connect Northern Beaches executive officer John Gillham said the money
would be a big help to their operations.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MAN


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              174 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 17, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Great Lakes Higher Education Group Awards $4.5 Million for College
Retention, Completion Efforts

LENGTH: 363  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Foundation Center, The State of Utah has issued the following news release:

Awarded as part of the organization's Community Investments initiative, the
grants will support efforts to connect students of similar backgrounds who are
attending two- and four-year colleges and universities, including community and
technical colleges, through mentoring and proactive advising services, the
development of learning communities, and academic tutoring. According to the
organization, studies have found that students who lack socioeconomic or
educational advantages -- including minorities, students from low-income
backgrounds, and first-generation college freshmen -- are the most likely to
leave college without a degree. To remedy the situation, many of the programs
awarded grants will also offer book vouchers, emergency financial assistance,
and other incentives to students who take advantage of program services.

Grant recipients include College Possible - Milwaukee ($300,000), which uses a
technology-based coaching model to help connect participants to campus
resources, other students, and potential employers; Mercy College of Health
Sciences in Des Moines, ($177,996), which works, through its Steps to Success
program, to increase the retention and persistence rates of first-generation and
low-income students; Minneapolis Community and Technical College ($116,461), for
its Starting Point program; and the University of Wisconsin - Milwaukee
($139,865) which provides, through its Life Impact program, services to
parent-students from disadvantaged backgrounds.

"The programs being funded by this round of College Success grants are providing
services proven to help students make progress toward their degree," said Great
Lakes president and CEO Richard D. George. "Each program has been thoughtfully
designed to address the challenges known to keep students from graduating,
helping them to develop connections to their campus, peers, faculty, and staff
and overcome financial obstacles. We look forward to seeing the impact of each
of these programs in helping their students persist towards graduation."

For further information please visit: http://foundationcenter.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              175 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                            January 17, 2014 Friday
                              Buffalo News Edition

Grant will pay for pedestrian bridge

BYLINE: Chris Chapman; cattaraugus correspondent

SECTION: B,B; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 375 words


OLEAN - Members of the Olean Urban Renewal Agency were among the first to
receive the news Thursday morning that a $535,000 grant has been awarded to
transform a rail trestle into a pedestrian bridge in Olean.

For decades, the rail trestle that connects the downtown with what is now War
Veterans Park/William O. Smith Recreation Center property has been the passage
that unifies east and west, in the City.

As recently as this past summer, a train was forced to stop unexpectedly for
people being on the active trestle over Olean Creek. The crossing has been a
safety concern for municipal officials and rail companies owning the trestle.

Those concerns will be addressed in the creation of this safe crossing, using a
passive bridge, next to the active railroad track, but well-sectioned, according
to plans. The project has been in the works for some time. George said in July
that the Western New York and Pennsylvania Railroad has given its support for
the project, as it is interested in the safety of the people using the crossing.

"We want to make the passive trestle into a pedestrian bridge to get foot
traffic from the East side of the city to places like Jamestown Community
College and other stores in the downtown area," George said in an October
interview on the subject.

The new pedestrian walkway will do more than offer safety to the people of
Olean. The project is tentatively expected to be completed in 2016, around the
time the North Union Streetscape project wraps up. The two being completed
around the same time will offer a new transportation and recreation trail that
will connect the western part of the city with the eastern side.

The trestle will connect to the trail that runs near Jamestown Community
College. A walk or bike ride across campus will bring people to the new North
Union Street design, where a bike lane will connect them to Whitney Avenue, and
then down a sidewalk adjacent to the Olean Intermediate Middle School and to
Wayne Street.

At the other end of Wayne Street, those using the path can connect to the
Allegheny River Trail. To the east, there will be a loop around Forness Park.

"The project really ties the city together," Mayor William Aiello, said. "I am
really excited with the progress we are making."

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              176 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                Western Gazette

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday

Groups to grab their share of £5,000 fund

SECTION: NEWS:OTHER; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 316  words


COMMUNITY groups in Ilminster are being urged to apply to win their share of
£5,000 to be awarded by the town's county councillor.

Councillor Linda Vijeh is allocated £5,000 each year to be spent on promoting
health and wellbeing in her ward, and this year she is looking to support
locally led activities through voluntary or community groups that encourage
people to come together and connect with each other.

Mrs Vijeh has helped numerous organisations through the grant over the last two
years. Two years ago she gave £1,000 to each of the five schools in the
Ilminster ward to be used on numerous projects, including the Forest School at
Greenfylde, while last year she used the money to fund Red Cross training for a
number of community groups across the town.

This year, she wants community groups to come to her and apply for grants of at
least £250.

She said: "This is one of the joys of being a county councillor. The more that
we can do to help and support people to live longer, healthier lives, the better
it is for all of us.

"As we age we are all going to have to face the tough financial burden of
medical and social care. I know that having reached the ripe old age of 60 I am
now beginning to feel the aches and twinges in my bones, and can't quite run
around like I used to.

"This year there is to be a slightly different focus in aiming to support
locally-led activity, through voluntary or community groups that encourage
people to connect together, particularly those people who find it hard to
integrate into their local community.

"I know that there are lots of local groups who will really be able to benefit
from this boost their funds. I would urge those interested in applying to do so
at the earliest opportunity, preferably before the end of the year."

Those who are interested in applying for a grant should contact Linda Vijeh on
07971 785069 or call lindavijeh@hotmail.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Linda Vijeh, centre, awards a grant of £1,000 to Greenfylde School head
teacher Claire Oaten and forest school teacher Vernon Higgins. This year, Linda
is asking community groups to apply for a share of the £5,000 grant she receives
each year as a county councillor.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Localworld
                              All Rights Reserved


                              177 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 5, 2016 Tuesday

Virginia: Office of Economic Dev. Awarded Grant

LENGTH: 531  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Richmond: City of Lynchburg, The State of Virginia has issued the following
news release:



 The Lynchburg Office of Economic Development (LOED) and the Lynchburg Economic
Development Authority (LEDA) were recently awarded a grant through Governor
Terry McAuliffe's Virginia Community Business Launch Grant program. Lynchburg is
one of only seven localities to receive a $60,000 grant, an investment totaling
$420,000 statewide.





  The LEDA grant request includes four programmatic components:



 [diams] Launched in Lynchburg - a web portal for local businesses and LEDA
stakeholders centered on interactive learning and building connections. Users
will be able to connect with potential customers, suppliers, investors,
employees and partners. It is also a place where service seekers can learn more
about local businesses, freelancers, and independent contractors and the
services they offer. The portal will launch in mid-2016.

 [diams] Co.Starters - a nationally recognized 9-week program that helps
aspiring and seasoned entrepreneurs turn business ideas into action. The first
Co.Starters cohort in Lynchburg will begin March 8.

 [diams] Launched in Lynchburg Business Competition - $40,000 grants available
to winners of the first Launched in Lynchburg Business Competition. Businesses
must complete the Co.Starters program and open or significantly expand a
storefront in the City's Enterprise Zone 2 to be eligible.

 [diams] Service Hours - LEDA will provide a 100% match for donated service
hours from Lynchburg businesses that complete the Co.Starters curriculum. LEDA
is soliciting donated service hours from a law firm, a marketing agency, an
accounting firm, and a web developer.



 According to Marjette Upshur, Director of Economic Development, the grant and
LEDA's willingness to provide monetary matches helps solidify Lynchburg's
support for entrepreneurial businesses.  "Entrepreneurship and community-based
businesses are critical to the economic health of any city," said Upshur. "A
citizen may have a great idea for a business but struggle trying to connect all
the pieces that will help them be successful," said Upshur. "This grant will
support our efforts to connect small businesses and startups to service
providers, seasoned entrepreneurs and investors, building a stronger
entrepreneurial ecosystem in the City of Lynchburg."



 "Entrepreneurism is one of our key strategies for diversifying and growing the
economy in all parts of the Commonwealth," said Secretary of Commerce and Trade,
Maurice Jones.  "The Community Business Launch program was a success in its
first year, helping to launch or expand more than 14 businesses in three
communities across the state.  We look forward to more business creation as a
result of these investments."



 More information about Co.Starters, including an application for the first
cohort, is available at www.opportunitylynchburg.com.  Applications will be
accepted through March 1.



 Other grant recipients across the state include the Towns of Pulaski, Vinton,
Marion and Strasburg and the Cities of Martinsville and Petersburg.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              178 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 4, 2016 Monday

Virginia: Office of Economic Dev. Awarded Grant

LENGTH: 531  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Richmond: City of Lynchburg, The State of Virginia has issued the following
news release:



 The Lynchburg Office of Economic Development (LOED) and the Lynchburg Economic
Development Authority (LEDA) were recently awarded a grant through Governor
Terry McAuliffe's Virginia Community Business Launch Grant program. Lynchburg is
one of only seven localities to receive a $60,000 grant, an investment totaling
$420,000 statewide.





  The LEDA grant request includes four programmatic components:



 [diams] Launched in Lynchburg - a web portal for local businesses and LEDA
stakeholders centered on interactive learning and building connections. Users
will be able to connect with potential customers, suppliers, investors,
employees and partners. It is also a place where service seekers can learn more
about local businesses, freelancers, and independent contractors and the
services they offer. The portal will launch in mid-2016.

 [diams] Co.Starters - a nationally recognized 9-week program that helps
aspiring and seasoned entrepreneurs turn business ideas into action. The first
Co.Starters cohort in Lynchburg will begin March 8.

 [diams] Launched in Lynchburg Business Competition - $40,000 grants available
to winners of the first Launched in Lynchburg Business Competition. Businesses
must complete the Co.Starters program and open or significantly expand a
storefront in the City's Enterprise Zone 2 to be eligible.

 [diams] Service Hours - LEDA will provide a 100% match for donated service
hours from Lynchburg businesses that complete the Co.Starters curriculum. LEDA
is soliciting donated service hours from a law firm, a marketing agency, an
accounting firm, and a web developer.



 According to Marjette Upshur, Director of Economic Development, the grant and
LEDA's willingness to provide monetary matches helps solidify Lynchburg's
support for entrepreneurial businesses.  "Entrepreneurship and community-based
businesses are critical to the economic health of any city," said Upshur. "A
citizen may have a great idea for a business but struggle trying to connect all
the pieces that will help them be successful," said Upshur. "This grant will
support our efforts to connect small businesses and startups to service
providers, seasoned entrepreneurs and investors, building a stronger
entrepreneurial ecosystem in the City of Lynchburg."



 "Entrepreneurism is one of our key strategies for diversifying and growing the
economy in all parts of the Commonwealth," said Secretary of Commerce and Trade,
Maurice Jones.  "The Community Business Launch program was a success in its
first year, helping to launch or expand more than 14 businesses in three
communities across the state.  We look forward to more business creation as a
result of these investments."



 More information about Co.Starters, including an application for the first
cohort, is available at www.opportunitylynchburg.com.  Applications will be
accepted through March 1.



 Other grant recipients across the state include the Towns of Pulaski, Vinton,
Marion and Strasburg and the Cities of Martinsville and Petersburg.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              179 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                              June 4, 2013 Tuesday

Grants support railroad safety initiatives

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 593 words


ROSEVILLE, Calif. >> Union Pacific Railroad today announced a grant program for
community railroad safety initiatives. Grants ranging from $500 to $5,000 will
be provided to support initiatives that enhance railroad safety in Union Pacific
communities.

Union Pacific is committed to working collaboratively with communities to
encourage safe behavior around railroad tracks. The railroad's new grant program
furthers this commitment by funding initiatives that raise awareness of railroad
safety and empower communities to be active railroad safety participants.

The online grant application, available atUnionPacificCares.com , provides
organizations the opportunity to explain how they plan to use grant funding, the
safety initiative's goals, who the initiative will reach and how success will be
measured.

Grant-funded initiatives may include, but are not limited to:

School safety days

Community safety programs

Grade crossing education efforts

Law enforcement activities

Railroad safety advocacy

The grant program is part of the UP CARES public safety initiative that promotes
pedestrian and driver safety through a variety of outreach channels:

Grade crossing education and enforcement, during which motorists violating rail
crossing signage and laws are educated about the dangers of such actions.
Related "positive enforcement" initiatives reward drivers who operate safely at
grade crossings.

Safety trains, hosting local law enforcement, media and public officials and
providing them the opportunity to ride in the locomotive cab and see traffic
violations from a locomotive engineer's point of view. This also allows Union
Pacific to connect with community leaders and help them better understand the
railroad's safety focus.

Communication blitzes, which educate the public via community events, media
outreach and paid advertising. Media outreach coincides with safety trains in UP
communities.

"The UP CARES grants extend our safety commitment further into communities by
providing additional resources to champion railroad safety," said Lance Fritz,
Union Pacific executive vice president of operations. "While we have a wealth of
existing company and industry safety initiatives, this is an opportunity for
organizations to be creative and bring forward fresh ideas to address railroad
safety in ways that fit their communities."

For more information about the program, including the online application and an
educational video about the grant program, visitUnionPacificCares.com .

About Union Pacific

Union Pacific Railroad is the principal operating company of Union Pacific
Corporation (NYSE: UNP). One of America's most recognized companies, Union
Pacific Railroad links 23 states in the western two-thirds of the country by
rail, providing a critical link in the global supply chain. From 2007-2012,
Union Pacific invested $18 billion in its network and operations to support
America's transportation infrastructure, including a record $3.7 billion in
2012.

The railroad's diversified business mix includes Agricultural Products,
Automotive, Chemicals, Coal, Industrial Products and Intermodal. Union Pacific
serves many of the fastest-growing U.S. population centers, operates from all
major West Coast and Gulf Coast ports to eastern gateways, connects with
Canada's rail systems and is the only railroad serving all six major Mexico
gateways. Union Pacific provides value to its roughly 10,000 customers by
delivering products in a safe, reliable, fuel-efficient and environmentally
responsible manner.

facebook.com/unionpacific

twitter.com/unionpacific

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2013 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              180 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                        The Reporter (Logan, Queensland)

                                  June 5, 2013

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 266  words

NAB supports schools

SCHOOLS, community groups, businesses and charities can attend a local NAB
School's First Masterclass and be in the running to win a share in $2million
through the NAB Schools First awards program. Open to all Australian schools,
NAB Schools First rewards school-community partnerships that improve student
outcomes. The masterclass is designed to give schools that are either in
partnership with their community, or have a partnership idea, a first-hand
insight into the awards. Visit www.schoolsfirst.edu.au.

Neighbourhood grants

AUSTRALIA Post is celebrating the launch of Our Neighbourhood with a grants
program open to all Australian neighbourhoods. Our Neighbourhood builds on
Australia Post's commitment to community that has spanned the last two centuries
and includes a national network of 4428 retail outlets and 33,000 staff. "For
over 200 years, we have helped communities connect and governments across the
country connect with customers and citizens. Fostering inclusive communities is
the heart of Our Neighbourhood," Australia Post CEO Ahmed Fahour said. Our
Neighbourhood applications close Friday, June 28 at 5pm. To apply or find out
more about eligibility and selection criteria, visit www.ourneighbourhood.
com.au or go to an Australia Post retail outlet.

Spinal support network

THE Spinal Injuries Association Brisbane Spinal Injuries Network will meet at
11am on Wednesday, June 5 at the Spinal Injuries Association at 109 Logan Rd,
Woolloongabba. The entrance and car parking is on Balaclava St. Please phone
Robert for more information on 3379 4771.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IRN


                    Copyright 2013 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              181 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                           January 4, 2017, Wednesday

Mini-grants available for MLK Day of Service

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P3A

LENGTH: 265 words


Volunteer West Virginia is now accepting applications for MLK Day of Service
mini-grants. Organizations that are interested in hosting a MLK Day of Service
project may be eligible for a mini-grant of up to $300 to assist in their
efforts. Projects that engage youth in the service effort will be given special
consideration.

This year on Jan. 16, individuals and organizations throughout the nation will
come together to serve their communities in celebration of the legacy of Martin
Luther King Jr. King recognized the power of service. Observing the Martin
Luther King Jr. federal holiday through service is a way to begin each year with
a commitment to making your community a better place. Your service honors King's
life and teachings and helps meet national challenges.

Service also brings people together of all ages, backgrounds, and abilities. The
MLK Day of Service encourages all types of service, particularly projects that
have a lasting impact and connect participants to ongoing service. The most
successful projects connect to the life and teachings of King, meet a pressing
community need, and include time to reflect on his teachings.

Grant applications will be accepted until Jan. 13 for projects taking place no
later than Jan. 31. Applications for support will be reviewed to determine
eligibility and approved for funding. Again, priority will be given to projects
that engage youth in the service efforts. Apply using the following link
http://www.volunteerwv.org/2/americorps/mlk/index_ MLKminiinput.cfm or contact
Waylon Bryant at 304-558-0111 or waylon.a.bryant@wv.gov

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2017 Charleston Newspapers


                              182 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                West County Times

                     January 6, 2004 Tuesday FINAL EDITION

GREENWAY RESTORATION ON ITS WAY;
* RICHMOND APPLIES FOR GRANTS, FUNDS TO REVITALIZE THE URBAN REGIONAL TRAIL

BYLINE: REBECCA ROSEN LUM, TIMES STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 633 words

DATELINE: RICHMOND


RICHMOND - Although the city lost a $1.9 million grant to develop a lushly
landscaped bicycle and pedestrian path and parkway last year, new funding
sources have sprouted that may see the project bloom even more fully.

The city has applied for $3 million in funds from the state Urban Parks Bond Act
of 2002, but won't get the final word until June, said Melanie Mintz, project
coordinator for the Richmond Greenway at the Rails-to-Trails Conservancy.

In addition, the Metropolitan Transportation Commission is offering a $1.9
million grant that went to another community last year when the local nonprofit
charged with launching the Richmond Greenway failed to meet deadlines.

"Things look good and will continually look better," Mintz said. "We hope it's
just the beginning."

The two grants will pay for the western half of the 2 1/2-mile regional trail,
which will eventually connect the Ohlone Greenway with the Bay Trail.

City and conservancy officials are searching for other pools of money that could
provide the $1 million to $2 million necessary to complete the trail. One likely
source is the six-year federal Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act,
which distributes all funds for surface transportation and will likely be
extended in 2005.

That's good news for such enhancements as bike paths, visitor centers and
conversion of abandoned railway corridors to what advocates like Mintz cheer as
"linear parks."

The federal funds are popular with communities and elected officials, since the
projects provide immediate benefits to communities yet cost relatively little.

"It's nice to think of it as a linear park that connects neighborhoods, and
connects neighborhoods to other parks, and distributes open space throughout the
areas it connects," Mintz said. A greenway "decreases dumping ... it looks good,
looks like it's being cared for, is in active use for most of its hours. Those
things you associate with vacant lands disappear."

Once a jewel in the crown of the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe railroads, the
neglected span, which mirrors Ohio Avenue through the heart of Richmond, has
become a blighted nuisance. Advocates also hope to revitalize Baxter Creek where
it flows into the greenway.

Once developed and landscaped, the greenway will become the responsibility for
each city or parks district it cuts through.

For instance, maintaining the 3-mile Ohlone Greenway is the shared job of El
Cerrito, Albany and Berkeley.

The Richmond Greenway narrows where the old train right of way was taken up by
BART tracks, but other stretches are wide enough to accommodate basketball
courts and sport fields, said Councilman Tom Butt.

"Past 23rd Street, it's pretty expansive," Butt said. "There is a big need in
those areas for recreational facilities."

Butt has pushed the city's Redevelopment Agency to obtain a parcel of land owned
by Adachi Associates, which Butt calls the linchpin on the eastern end between
Interstate 80 and San Pablo Avenue. El Cerrito bought a segment of the parcel.
Adachi representative Nick Stefan said the firm would consider an offer of
$750,000.

"It is possible that once the property is acquired, the city could prepare a
master plan and sell part of it back to an investor for a development that would
complement the restored Baxter Creek and the Greenway," Butt said in a memo to
city officials.

Reach Rebecca Rosen Lum at 510-262-2713 or rrosenlum@cctimes.com.

Richmond Greenway basics

* 2 1/2-mile trail linking Ohlone Greenway in El Cerrito and the Bay Trail

* Land acquired in 1979; designated open space in 1991

* Total project cost: $7 million

* Plans include bicycle/pedestrian path, basketball courts and other facilities,
landscaping, Baxter Creek restoration

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Breakout at bottom of story.

                       Copyright 2004 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              183 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                              America Connect Inc

                 14460 New Falls Of The Neuse Rd Suite 149-302
                               Raleigh,  NC 27614
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: aconnect.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 7

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   America Connect was formed to bring the same advanced digital communications
to the rural / ex-urban communities that are readily available in major
metropolitan areas. This is commonly known as the "digital divide". Our goal at
America Connect is to bridge the digital divide and become the source for
connecting rural America with wireless broadband Internet access and backhaul
transport using the most advanced technologies available.  America Connect is a
Raleigh, NC based corporation that is the recipient of one of North Carolina's
Rural Internet Access Authority's (RIAA) incentive grants to provide advanced
wireless broadband connectivity to rural communities in North Carolina. America
Connect was awarded this grant in the fourth quarter of 2002 after competitive
review by the RIAA appropriations committee that chose America Connect's
proposal over 128 competing proposals to provide connectivity and access to
citizens of Granville, Person, Vance and Haywood counties.  Formed in 1999 from
industry veterans with extensive experience in fixed wireless and carrier class
telecommunications networks, America Connect provides advanced broadband access
and transport solutions to consumers, businesses, and the wireless mobile
operators that serve in Tier 2-4 communities.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 3,000,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              184 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 2, 2016 Tuesday

Texas: City of Brownsville to Receive $10 Million TIGER Grant

LENGTH: 970  words

DATELINE: New York



 Austin: City Of Brownsville,The State of Texas has issued the following news
release:



   Last Friday, the U.S. Department of Transportation (USDOT) announced that the
City Brownsville will be receiving $10 million under the Transportation
Investment Generating Economic Recovery (TIGER) Grant Program for the Connecting
Communities project.





 The City of Brownsville is one of 40 communities across the country, and the
only community in Texas, to receive the highly competitive TIGER Grant VIII.



 The Connecting Communities project is led by the City of Brownsville, in
partnership with the City of McAllen, the City of South Padre Island, the City
of Port Isabel, Cameron County Regional Mobility Authority (CCRMA), Cameron
County, and the University of Texas Rio Grande Valley.



 The Connecting Communities project includes:



     Component 1: comprised of three transit elements, including capital
investments in facilities, vehicles, and bus stops to improve Brownsville Metro
and METRO Connect;



             o Component 1A: A three-phased improvement program for Brownsville
Metro's operations and maintenance facility



                 - Phase I: Rehabilitation of maintenance facility



                 - Phase II: Site safety and function improvements



                 - Phase III: Addition of a new eastside transfer station



             Presently, Brownsville Metro's maintenance facility maintains
Brownsville Metro and METRO Connect vehicle fleets. The
addition of a new eastside transfer station will expand services, including
services to colonias, and offer rider amenities, such                as bicycle
parking.



             o Component 1B: Includes the replacement of seven METRO Connect
transit revenue vehicles and the procurement of one                   additional
spare vehicle for sustainable growth rate (SGR) and capacity improvements; and



             o Component 1C: Improvements to Brownsville Metro bus stops,
including: ADA-compliant sidewalks, ADA-accessibility                    ramps,
shelters with benches, and bike amenities.



     Component 2: includes the widening of the Queen Isabella Causeway on SH 100
to create a 14-foot wide dedicated, barrier protected bike and pedestrian lane.





 A summary of the City of Brownsville's grant award was highlighted in Friday's
USDOT announcement.



 "For the eighth year running, TIGER will inject critical infrastructure dollars
into communities across the country," said USDOT Secretary Anthony Foxx. "This
unique program rewards innovative thinking and collaborative solutions to
difficult and sometimes dangerous transportation problems. A great TIGER program
doesn't just improve transportation; it expands economic opportunity and
transforms a community."



 U.S. Senator John Cornyn, U.S. Congressman Filemon Vela, State Representative
Eddie Lucio, III, and State Representative Rene O. Oliveira were all
instrumental in supporting the City of Brownsville's Connecting Communities
application.



 "The U.S. Department of Transportation recognized that the City of Brownsville
TIGER project, which will connect communities along the Rio Grande Valley
through various modes of transportation, as one of the forty most feasible and
important projects in the nation," said U.S. Rep. Filemon Vela. "City of
Brownsville employees, working with local municipalities across the Rio Grande
Valley and state officials and agencies in the area were able to leverage our
resources to secure $10 million in federal funds, which will help the City of
Brownville acquire more buses that will help people commute throughout the
Valley. The project will also expand the Queen Isabella Causeway to include a
bike lane that will boost economic development and tourism. This project will
add to the quality of life for people in the Rio Grande Valley and help create
jobs across many industries in South Texas."



 "I would like to thank the U.S. Department of Transportation for recognizing
not only the need in this area, but the City's determination to bring the very
best resources to Brownsville residents," said Brownsville Mayor Tony Martinez.
"As Brownsville stands at the forefront of progress and momentum continues to
build, we must continue to aspire to reach the greatest heights in the quest for
economic prosperity and first-rate quality of life."



 "It is a stunning accomplishment to be awarded a TIGER VIII grant this year,"
said Brownsville City Commissioner At-Large "B" Rose M. Z. Gowen. "Not only
because it represents substantial improvements to Brownsville Metro, but also
because it will build an unprecedented bicycle and pedestrian protected
connection between Port Isabel and South Padre Island. It was a pleasure to work
with our partners on this one of a kind initiative."



 The Connecting Communities application was developed by the City of Brownsville
Office of Grant Management & Community Development, Brownsville Metro, and Texas
A&M Transportation Institute, in collaboration with application partners.



 In addition, the Connecting Communities application received letters of support
from: Texas Transit Association; Rails-To-Trails Conservancy; the University of
Texas Rio Grande Valley; Cameron County Regional Mobility Authority; Brownsville
Metropolitan Planning Organization; City of Brownsville; City of McAllen; City
of South Padre Island; City of Port Isabel; City of Los Fresnos; Community
Development Corporation of Brownsville; buildingcommunityWORKSHOP; United
Brownsville; the University of Texas School of Public Health; the University of
Texas Rio Grande Valley Parking & Transportation Development; Lower Rio Grande
Development Council - Valley Metro; and Valley Transit Company, Inc.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              185 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Eastern Wake News (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 27, 2011 Sunday

Zebulon grant pursuit hits a snag

BYLINE: Aaron Moody, Eastern Wake News, Zebulon, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 503 words


Nov. 27--ZEBULON -- The town may construct sidewalks to connect Zebulon
Elementary and Middle schools to the Zebulon Boys & Girls Club on the corner of
Old Bunn and Shepard School roads.

The sidewalk connector projects on Shepard School Road and Proctor Street are
estimated to cost $446,213, and with the aid of a grant, the town would need to
pay $89,242.

But the proposal to pursue a Community Development Block Grant is complicated by
the fact 70 percent of the Proctor Street project that would connect the club to
Zebulon Elementary is outside town limits.

Each year, the grant funnels money from the federal government to Wake County,
which in turn receives funding requests from its municipalities and determines
where the money will be best spent.

Zebulon commissioners recently put a hold on Planning Director Mark Hetrick's
proposal to pursue grant funding for both projects until he could contact Wake
County Housing and Community Revitalization to determine if that agency will
help the town meet its matching obligation. Hetrick plans to ask county
officials this week if they will help meet the match. "We'll ask the county if
they'll be willing to participate. Whether it's all of that or some of that is
up to them, but if they're unable to participate in that cost it will likely be
something our board will chose not to forward as a project to the county,"
Hetrick said.

Hetrick said grant requests must be submitted by Dec. 16. Housing and Community
staff ranks the requests and passes them on to the Wake County Board of
Commissioners to vote on whether or not they want to use the funds for those
projects.

Hetrick said he'd hate to guess on the likelihood the county would agree to join
the town in the project.

County officials are equally uncertain at this point."Nothing's been brought to
us at this point, but we have done this in the past," Wake County Human
Resources spokesman Wil Glenn said Wednesday. . "That's basically the way the
program works."

Though the sidewalk projects would both connect the Boys & Girls Club to nearby
schools, they've been broken down into separate projects by the government.

The stretch of sidewalk from the club to Zebulon Elementary School would cost an
estimated $238,811. Zebulon's share of that project would be $47,762. Hetrick
plans to ask the county to pay $33,433 of the town's $47,000 cost.

The sidewalk from Zebulon Middle School to the club would cost $207,402.
Zebulon's share of that total would be $41,480.

If the Zebulon town board wins the grant, with or without the county's help,
construction on the projects could begin as early as July 1 at the start of the
next fiscal year.

The town would bid the sidewalk connector projects out to contractors like most
other sidewalk improvement projects it approves.

Zebulon has received close to $3.8 million in CDBG funds since 1993.

Moody: 919-829-4806

___ (c)2011 the Eastern Wake News (Zebulon, N.C.) Visit the Eastern Wake News
(Zebulon, N.C.) at www.easternwakenews.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111127-ZB-Zebulon-grant-pursuit-hits-a-snag-1127-20111127

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZB


           Copyright 2011 Eastern Wake News (Zebulon, North Carolina)


                              186 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 29, 2014 Monday

Three Rivers wins $1.3 million to boost manufacturing education

BYLINE: Lee Howard, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 529 words


Sept. 29--NORWICH -- Three Rivers Community College won nearly $1.3 million
today as part of a statewide consortium that was chosen to receive a $15 million
federal grant to upgrade and widen manufacturing education.

Funding will be used to expand a manufacturing training program pioneered by
Manchester Community College to a total of 13 educational institutions
statewide. The Connecticut Advanced Manufacturing Center claims a job placement
rate of 88 percent among its graduates, many of whom take high-wage jobs in the
industry.

The funding landed by Connecticut was part of a competitive $450 million grant
process this year under the Trade Adjustment Assistance Community College and
Career Training program that is the final investment in a four-year, nearly $2
billion infusion of money into hundreds of community colleges nationwide.

"Six out of 10 jobs by the end of the decade are going to require a credential
beyond a high school degree," Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. said in a
statement. "That's why building a well-educated workforce is critical to
widening the path to the middle class for millions of Americans."

The idea, said Biden, is to create partnerships among business, labor and
academic institutions as well as local leaders.

"These partnerships will in turn help equip workers with the skills employers
need, connect employers with skilled workers and grow the American economy," he
said.

Other institutions receiving funding were Middlesex Community College, Naugatuck
Valley Community College, Asnuntuck Community College, Housatonic Community
College, Quinebaug Valley Community College, Charter Oak State College, Capital
Community College, Gateway Community College, Northwestern Connecticut Community
College, Norwalk Community College and Tunxis Community College.

"The $15 million investment in Connecticut colleges announced today will help
prepare local workers with the skills needed for in-demand careers and advance
the role of community colleges as engines of economic growth," said U.S.
Secretary of Labor Thomas E. Perez in a statement. "

The funding to boost Connecticut job skills has added up to nearly $37 million
over the past four years, he added.

Grants announced Monday went to every state as well as Puerto Rico and the
District of Columbia. In all, 271 schools won funding Monday, while more than
700 won awards over the past four years.

Grants were offered this time around partly based on local labor market needs
for improved training in specific industries. The idea also was to connect
"ready-to-work Americans with ready-to-be-filled jobs," according to a press
release.

Grant money will be used for a variety of needs, including the hiring or
training of instructors, boosting online learning, the purchase of new equipment
and the development of new curricula.

A full list of grant recipients can be found at www.dol.gov/2014TAACCT. To find
a nearby program, go to hwww.careeronestop.org/taaccct/taaccct.aspx.

For more information about job opportunities, visit www.dol.gov/findyourpath.

___ (c)2014 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140929-NL-Three-Rivers-wins-1.3-million-to-boost-manufacturing-education-0929-
20140929

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2014 The Day


                              187 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Herbert River Express (Australia)

                            June 19, 2013 Wednesday
                                  1 - Edition

Grants now available

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 156 words


GRANTS of between $1000 and $25,000 are available for registered charities and
community organisations to support local projects.

Australia Post is calling for organisations to submit applications for an Our
Neighbourhood Community Grant before June 28.

Grants will be awarded to organisations with projects that help connect
communities and foster inclusion.

``We want to provide people with the financial support, tools and resources that
will assist them in building healthier, more vibrant and inclusive communities.
These grants are just one initiative of a broader plan to further support
Australian neighbourhoods and get them to connect with each other,'' said Mr
Ahmed Fahour, Australia Post managing director and CEO.

The grants relate to disadvantaged, culturally diverse individuals and
communities and small business.

To find out more, visit www.ourneighbourhood.com.au or pick up an Application
Kit at any Australia Post outlet.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: HRE


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              188 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                               May 6, 2012 Sunday

Grant to expand Garrett broadband

BYLINE: Cumberland Times-News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 360 words


May 06--OAKLAND -- U.S. Sens. Ben Cardin and Barbara A. Mikulski announced that
the Garrett County Board of Commissioners has received a $250,000 grant from the
Appalachian Regional Commission to expand broadband Internet connectivity in the
county.

The commissioners will use the funding to deploy 50 miles of fiber to help
connect county facilities, schools, community colleges, health facilities and
libraries, according to the news release.

The ARC grant will help provide the electronics necessary to light the fiber and
make it operational.  Approximately 2.5 miles of new fiber and electronics will
also be deployed to provide connectivity for an additional 14 sites, including
schools and town halls.

The ARC grant will work in conjunction with the Broadband Technology and
Opportunities Program grant awarded to the state of Maryland, according to the
news release.

The One Maryland Broadband Network will construct a fiber network across the
state to connect 1,000 community anchor institutions. Garrett County's 50-mile
fiber is part of the statewide network.

In addition to ARC funding, Garrett County will provide $250,000, bringing total
project funding to $500,000, according to the news release. This grant helps
encourage and leverage investments in telecommunications related economic
development, which is one of ARC's priorities for the region. The ARC is a
federal-state partnership that works with the people of Appalachia to create
opportunities for self-sustaining economic development and improved quality of
life.

A six-month study of broadband in the county was recently completed by CTC
Technology and Energy.

Joanne Hovis, president of CTC, presented the study to the commissioners on
Tuesday and recommended that the county consider investing in the last mile of
the wireless broadband network to enable service to approximately 2,900 unserved
residences.

The cost of the investment would be $1.2 million, with 30 percent of subscribers
utilizing the service, according to Hovis.

___ (c)2012 the Cumberland Times News (Cumberland, Md.) Visit the Cumberland
Times News (Cumberland, Md.) at times-news.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120506-UM-Grant-to-expand-Garrett-broadband-0506-20120506

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                      Copyright 2012 Cumberland Times-News


                              189 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Ottumwa Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 11, 2014 Friday

Vision Iowa grant request receives city OK

BYLINE: Wanda Moeller, Ottumwa Courier, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 396 words


July 11--OTTUMWA -- A unique design to connect south Ottumwa with the Wapello
County Trail system received the seal of approval from Ottumwa City Council on
Friday afternoon.

During the special meeting, council approved a Vision Iowa grant that would
create a pedestrian trail under Highway 34 that would connect the wayside park
area on the north side of the highway to an area near the Jimmy Jones shelter in
Ottumwa Park.

According to Public Works Director Larry Seals, the city wanted to avoid a
crosswalk over the four-lane highway.

Vision Iowa helps assist community projects that will provide recreational,
cultural, entertainment and educational attractions. Projects must be available
to the general public for public use and be primarily vertical infrastructure.
The attractions must position a community to take advantage of economic
development opportunities in tourism and strengthen a community's
competitiveness as a place to work and live.

The grant the Wapello County Trails Council is applying for a $350,000 Community
Action and Tourism (CAT) grant administered by Vision Iowa. The trails council
also will provide an additional $120,000 in funding as well as $260,000 from the
Legacy Foundation.

The city, in turn, will provide in-kind services including the letting of the
project, inspection and contract management. Once it is completed, the city
would become the owner of the tunnel and be responsible for maintenance.

Council member J.R. Richards asked about what type of structure would be built
to assure the highway would not collapse into the tune.

Seals said a standard box culvert would be used for the tunnel with a drainage
system following from the north side of the road to the south. In addition, the
city could be responsible for making certain it is cleaned as well as
maintaining the lighting.

Mayor Tom Lazio said the pedestrian tunnel is the right thing to do for the
community. And if the project receives the necessary grant funds, work could
start immediately and be done by next summer.

The Vision Iowa grant is due at 4:30 p.m. Tuesday, which is two hours before the
next regular Ottumwa City Council meeting. Thus, Lazio noted, the council needed
to conduct a special meeting on Friday.

___ (c)2014 the Ottumwa Courier (Ottumwa, Iowa) Visit the Ottumwa Courier
(Ottumwa, Iowa) at www.ottumwacourier.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140711-OT-Vision-Iowa-grant-request-receives-city-OK-0711-20140711

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OT


                         Copyright 2014 Ottumwa Courier


                              190 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 10, 2014 Saturday

Washington: New Case Studies Show Schools, Libraries and Health Care Providers
Play Key Role in Broadband Expansion and Adoption

LENGTH: 1039  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Commerce, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

In 2010, as part of the Broadband Technology Opportunities Program (BTOP), NTIA
awarded more than $450 million in matching grants to establish or upgrade public
computer centers and initiate innovative broadband adoption programs in
underserved communities. Four years later, that investment has resulted in more
than 3,000 new or improved public computer centers and produced 600,000 new
household broadband subscriptions.

These grants complement the $3.4 billion in infrastructure investments from NTIA
that have enabled BTOP grant recipients to connect more than 21,000 community
anchor institutions with ultra-fast broadband, including 2,400 medical and
health care providers, more than 1,300 libraries, and 8,000 K-12 schools. BTOP
has provided a significant down-payment on President Obama's ConnectED
initiative to link all schools to high-speed Internet by 2018.

Schools, libraries, and health care providers were pivotal in making this rapid
expansion possible. These anchor institutions already had close ties to their
communities, recognized the enormous benefits high-speed Internet affords, and
possessed skilled staff to organize classes and broker learning resources.

Today at the Schools, Health & Libraries Broadband (SHLB) Coalition annual
conference, we released four more of the 15 case studies that detail the impact
of the BTOP public computer center and sustainable broadband adoption awards.
The case studies were conducted as part of an evaluation contract by independent
research firm ASR Analytics. With this release a total of seven studies are
available to the public.

The institutions profiled in the case studies include community colleges, a
historically black university, and two nonprofit organizations that work with
K-12 schools, first responders, and health care providers. The following is a
snapshot of the projects featured in the reports released today and information
on the impact they are having in their communities:

At Florida A&M University, a university that has historically served
African-American students, a new BTOP-funded Center for Public Computing and
Workforce Development serves Tallahassee and surrounding counties. The center
features 80 new computers with broadband Internet connections, internal wireless
access, and interactive video conferencing technology being used to provide both
college classes and training for area businesses. A major focus of the center is
assisting small and disadvantaged enterprises, including construction companies
and website developers. Senior citizens, middle school students, and summer
campers are also learning new skills, from Photoshop and Google search to how to
apply for college.

The Foundation for California Community Colleges (FCCC), a nonprofit that works
with two-year colleges throughout the state, used BTOP funding to provide
computer training, laptops and wireless cards for low-income and minority
students enrolled in the Math, Engineering, and Science Achievement (MESA)
program. Each participating student was required to teach a computer skill to at
least seven people from his or her home community, such as how to send emails or
use Skype. Program participants were able to use their teaching experience to
bolster their resumes. Students also earned more than 1,100 certifications in
Microsoft Office programs and used their laptops to apply for jobs, internships,
and admission to four-year colleges. FCCC created more than 9,000 new broadband
subscribers.

Connect Arkansas, a nonprofit established by the state legislature in 2007 to
promote broadband adoption and deployment, targeted its BTOP investment in the
state's 57 poorest counties, where 23 percent of adults have not finished high
school. The project focused on using broadband to improve education,
entrepreneurship, and health care, since the economy of rural Arkansas depends
on a population that has the skills and vitality to compete for jobs.

Connect Arkansas reached into schools to connect with low-income families,
providing free computers and training to more than 1,000 students, along with
their parents or guardians. Leveraging a broadband mapping grant from NTIA, the
program also worked with 11 Internet service providers to match low-income
families with discounted Internet access. And it offered entrepreneurship
classes in 144 high schools to teach students how to build websites and business
plans. In addition, Connect Arkansas collaborated with the University of
Arkansas for Medical Sciences to train more than 4,000 healthcare professionals
in the use of telemedicine, a critical resource in rural and high-poverty areas.

Finally, the Future Generations Graduate School, located in Franklin, West
Virginia, took an innovative approach to promoting broadband use and adoption in
rural areas by establishing public computer centers at 60 local fire stations
serving largely poor and mountainous areas of the state. The fire stations
received BTOP-funded laptop computers and broadband access in return for opening
their facilities to area residents. First responders also used the new computers
to complete online training and update their certifications, saving time and
travel costs. The stations also used the computers to file required incident
reports online. As of December 2012, more than 37,000 people had used the new
centers to connect with friends and family, apply for jobs, upgrade their
skills, and promote their businesses.

All 15 ASR Analytics case studies report on five key impact areas of broadband
adoption and use: Workforce and Economic Development; Education and Training;
Healthcare; Quality of Life/Civic Engagement; and Digital Literacy. The studies,
which are extensively documented and include research references, provide
quantitative summaries of relevant data on training and participation in BTOP
activities. The remaining reports will be released in the weeks ahead. Together
they will help serve the needs of the research and policy communities for years
to come, as we apply the lessons of BTOP to build the nation's broadband
capacity.

For more information please visit: http://www.commerce.govmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              191 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                              March 9, 2009 Monday

Arts Update: 'Burn the Floor' extended

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 244 words


Show Extended

"Burn the Floor," will continue to smolder in the Bay Area, since the show has
extended its run at San Francisco's Post Street Theatre through April 12.
Tickets for the added performances can be purchased at the Post Street and
Marines Memorial Theatre box offices by calling 415-771-6900 or online at
ticketmaster.com .

Docent talk

Stop by the Orinda Library at 7 p.m. March 18 to hear a talk by a trained
Berkeley Repertory Theatre docent on the theatre's new production "Crime and
Punishment." The program in the Gallery Room of the library will last about an
hour with time for questions and answers. The library is located at 26 Orinda
Way in Orinda and is within walking distance of the Orinda BART Station. For
more information, call 925-254-2184 or visit the library's Web site at
ccclib.org .

Grant awarded

Imani Williams, a freshman at the ASA Academy and Community Science Center in
Oakland, is one of  29 students nationwide awarded a grant to complete an
environmental project as part of a launch of a new social networking site,
Planet Connect. Williams will use the grant, from the National Environmental
Education Foundation in partnership with the Weather Channel, to study whether
poor air quality in West Oakland is having an impact on the soil in the
community. For more information about Williams' project and the rest of the
Planet Connect national grant winners, visit http://dev.planet-connect.
org/about/grant-winners.

Alyssa Phillips

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              192 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Bigfork Eagle, Mont.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 5, 2012 Wednesday

Foy's to Blacktail awarded $400,000

BYLINE: Camillia Lanham, Bigfork Eagle, Mont.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 419 words


Sept. 05--The Forest Service's Community Forest Program awarded the Foy's to
Blacktail Trails project a $400,000 grant that will go toward purchasing 170
acres of forested land needed to access Forest Service land from Herron Park,
just southwest of Kalispell.

The grant was awarded as part of $3.5 million distributed between 11 community
forest projects across the United States.

"It (the 170 acres) represents a gateway to Plum Creek land, which is a bridge
to Forest Service land," Foy's to Blacktail Trails board chair Cliff Kipp said.
"We're excited. It's quite a boon for our project."

Foy's to Blacktail is an organization working to complete a trail system that
connects Herron Park to Blacktail Mountain. The land they want to purchase is
part of a 320-acre parcel of land above Herron Park purchased by The
Conservation Fund in 2007. The Conservation Fund is an organization holding onto
the land until the trails project has the money to purchase it.

Over the last three years Foy's to Blacktail raised about $1 million and
purchased 150 acres from the Conservation Fund to add to Herron Park's 120 acres
of land.

Kipp said with the $400,000 grant, the project needs to raise an additional $1
million to complete acquisition of the remaining 170 acres of land.

Once that's done, the park will sit at 440 acres and will reach Plum Creek land
that can connect Herron Park to the Flathead National Forest's Blacktail Island
Unit.

"Most of it (the grant money) will go toward purchase," Kipp said. "But there
are contingencies."

The contingencies include using the forest as an interpretive and educational
space for local students, landowners and families. The Community Forest Program
is a way for the Forest Service to provide financial assistance to local
governments and nonprofits establishing community forests that are accessible to
the public.

It requires that the community be involved in long-term forest management
decisions and the establishment of the community forest itself.

The grant also requires a 50 percent non-federal match.

The Community Forest Program money will be awarded through Flathead County Parks
and Recreation.

Kipp said county parks and recreation has been an instrumental part of getting
Foy's to Blacktail Trails closer to complete.

"Without Flathead County," Kipp said. "We'd be nowhere near where we are right
now."

___ (c)2012 The Bigfork Eagle (Bigfork, Mont.) Visit The Bigfork Eagle (Bigfork,
Mont.) at www.flatheadnewsgroup.com/bigforkeagle/ Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120905-EM-Foy-s-to-Blacktail-awarded-400,000-0905-20120905

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EM


                    Copyright 2012 The Bigfork Eagle, Mont.


                              193 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    City South News (Queensland, Australia)

                           February 24, 2011 Thursday
                                  1 - Edition

Our McKick-starter

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 281  words


MCDONALD'S has thrown its weight behind Quest Community Newspapers' Kick Start
initiative to help flood-affected clubs.

With Kick Start entering its third week, McDonald's will work with Quest to
connect with clubs needing grants of between $500 and $10,000 to get back on
their feet.

Adam Dando, McDonald's Queensland Licensee Committee president, said:
``McDonald's and Quest have enjoyed a strong relationship for many years now, so
when McDonald's saw that Quest had launched its Kick Start initiative, we
recognised a great opportunity to get involved.

``This week McDonald's is launching its Queensland Community Grant program aimed
at giving sporting and community groups the opportunity to apply for a one-off
cash or equipment grant to help them rebuild after the floods and Cyclone Yasi.

``We want to work with Quest to connect with groups that are greatly in need.

``The McDonald's grants will help eligible clubs and groups to replace vital
items such as equipment, uniforms and fridges.''

Quest editor-in-chief Neil Melloy said: ``It has been inspiring to watch
communities come together in our Kick Start campaign and we are looking forward
to working with McDonald's.

``The devastation caused by the flooding won't be easily fixed, and we must
continue our efforts at getting help at the grassroots level.''

The AFL Brisbane Juniors Club at Yeronga is the first to benefit. It will get
replacement field equipment.

Juniors general manager Cherie Brockwell welcomed the funding, and said flooding
had ``absolutely devastated'' clubs at Sherwood, Moggill, Jindalee, Pine Rivers,
Redcliffe and Yeronga.

Groups should complete a grant application form at www.mcdonalds.com.au by March
18.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CSN


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              194 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          City North News (Australia)

                           February 24, 2011 Thursday
                                  1 - Edition

Our McKick-starter

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 281  words


MCDONALD'S has thrown its weight behind Quest Community Newspapers' Kick Start
initiative to help flood-affected clubs.

With Kick Start entering its third week, McDonald's will work with Quest to
connect with clubs needing grants of between $500 and $10,000 to get back on
their feet.

Adam Dando, McDonald's Queensland Licensee Committee president, said:
``McDonald's and Quest have enjoyed a strong relationship for many years now, so
when McDonald's saw that Quest had launched its Kick Start initiative, we
recognised a great opportunity to get involved.

``This week McDonald's is launching its Queensland Community Grant program aimed
at giving sporting and community groups the opportunity to apply for a one-off
cash or equipment grant to help them rebuild after the floods and Cyclone Yasi.

``We want to work with Quest to connect with groups that are greatly in need.

``The McDonald's grants will help eligible clubs and groups to replace vital
items such as equipment, uniforms and fridges.''

Quest editor-in-chief Neil Melloy said: ``It has been inspiring to watch
communities come together in our Kick Start campaign and we are looking forward
to working with McDonald's.

``The devastation caused by the flooding won't be easily fixed, and we must
continue our efforts at getting help at the grassroots level.''

The AFL Brisbane Juniors Club at Yeronga is the first to benefit. It will get
replacement field equipment.

Juniors general manager Cherie Brockwell welcomed the funding, and said flooding
had ``absolutely devastated'' clubs at Sherwood, Moggill, Jindalee, Pine Rivers,
Redcliffe and Yeronga.

Groups should complete a grant application form at www.mcdonalds.com.au by March
18

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CNN


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              195 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                            March 30, 2016 Wednesday

Marsha Pope is new leader of Topeka Community Foundation

BYLINE: Morgan Chilson.

morgan.chilson@cjonline.com

LENGTH: 733 words


Marsha Pope has been selected to lead the Topeka Community Foundation after the
April 14 retirement of its current president, Roger Viola.

The foundation's board of directors announced that after an "extensive search,"
Pope was selected to replace Viola, who announced in January that he would
retire.

Viola, 70, said on Tuesday he is ready to hand over the reins after nine years
running the nonprofit.

Under his leadership, TCF grew its assets under management from about $40
million to $50 million, Viola said. In addition, the number of funds at the
foundation grew from just under 300 to about 400.

The organization navigated trying economic times during Viola's tenure.

"All the trouble started in 2008 and poured over into March of 2009, and that
was a difficult period to manage," he recalled. "But we made it through it.
We're back to not only where we were before all that, but ahead of the game."

When he looks back at his work at TCF, Viola said he is most proud of Topeka
Gives, a community-wide event that encourages donations to dozens of area
nonprofits.

"It's been great for the agencies in the community," he said. "It's been great
for us in terms of our visibility and the good that we're doing."

He also is proud of the foundation's leading role in founding Heartland
Visioning.

Pope, who has worked at TCF for about 13 years and currently serves as its vice
president, said "moving the needle" in the community on critical issues is an
important part of the foundation's work.

"As a community convener, as an organization that doesn't have programs and
projects of its own, we can bring significance around an issue," she said. "That
will be our next task - to see what is the need in our community, what's the
appropriate role that we would have, and how can we bring people together to
make something positive come about that will be important for our community."

Pope said she plans to spend the first 90 days or so on the job talking to
people in the community and gathering information about needs. She pointed to
the Arts Connect project, which came out of such conversations. TCF leaders kept
hearing from the community about what it would take to turn Topeka into a
"vibrant arts community," she said.

"What would that mean in attracting young people to our community? What would
that mean in keeping businesses here?" she said of the questions that were
asked. "We led that conversation, and had no idea where that would lead. And
here we have Arts Connect."

As vice president, Pope said she focused more on day-to-day operations, such as
grants and administrating scholarships. As president, her focus will change.

"It will be working more strategically in the community, having conversations
about charitable giving and the impact that it can have at a higher level," she
said.

Like Viola, Pope was at TCF during the years when investment performance
suffered, affecting the endowed funds and grants the organization could issue.
Those types of challenging times have an impact.

"We knew at that time, the nonprofits needed those grant dollars more than ever
before, so we kept our grants up and running. We continued to have conversations
with our nonprofit community and tried to invest in their program and projects
the best way that we could so we could all weather that season together," Pope
said. "It had a huge impact, even just knowing that that could happen and it
being so fresh in our minds. But good things come out of that too.

"It makes us prioritize. It makes us get creative. It makes us reach out to
partners that maybe we wouldn't have in the past. We learn lessons through the
bad times and all of those things can bring about positive changes."

After the first 90 days of talking to community leaders, donors, nonprofit
executives and anyone who wants to talk about TCF's role in the community, Pope
said, she will share that feedback with the TCF board, which conducts strategic
planning in the fall.

"That's what really makes the community foundation unique, we're just that
neutral organization that can ask everyone to the table, that can lead the
conversation," she said. "We're really at our best when our grant making, our
donor services and our community convening come together. When that happens,
things like Arts Connect happen. Finding opportunities to leverage those three
roles that we play will be important in the future of the community foundation."

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              196 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           December 17, 2009 Thursday
                                  All Editions

Rural Maine broadband;
Access to grow;
$25M in stimulus money;
To fund 'superhighway' plan

BYLINE: ERIC RUSSELL OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. A1

LENGTH: 769 words

DATELINE: ORONO


A member of President Barack Obama's Cabinet will visit the University of Maine
today to announce an investment of more than $25 million in federal stimulus
money to improve broadband Internet access to rural Maine.

White House officials confirmed Wednesday that U.S. Department of Commerce
Secretary Gary Locke will be in Orono to officially award a grant to fund what
is known as the Three Ring Binder project.

The proposal, a collaborative effort sponsored by several Maine
telecommunications companies and led by Biddeford-based GWI, would create a
broadband superhighway across western, northern and Down East Maine. It would
bring high-speed Internet access to more than 100 rural communities that
currently have few or no options.

Locke's announcement in Maine will follow Joe Biden's appearance in Dawsonville,
Ga., during which the vice president will kick off the first round of American
Recovery and Reinvestment Act funds designated specifically for broadband
initiatives. In all, $7.2 billion will be made available jointly through the
U.S. Department of Commerce and the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

Jared Bernstein, chief economic adviser to the vice president, said during a
conference call Wednesday that these projects would help lay the groundwork and
foundation for one of the administration's top priorities. The initial grants
target rural areas that are at the highest disadvantage for high-speed Internet
service.

The $25.4 million grant to the Biddeford Internet Corp. - a public-private
partnership between service providers led by GWI and the University of Maine
System - is one of 18 grants in 17 states totaling $182 million that will be
announced today.

UMaine officials declined to comment Wednesday and an official representing GWI
also declined to comment on the grant until the announcement is made.

White House officials provided the details of today's announcements on Wednesday
evening with the understanding that any stories would be embargoed until this
morning.

The National Economic Council, which developed criteria for broadband projects
and decided which applications to approve, has broken the grants into four
categories.

The grant to fund rural broadband infrastructure in Maine is part of what it
calls a "middle-mile project," according to Peter Swire, an NEC representative
and special assistant to the president. Essentially, a middle-mile project
connects community anchor institutions to improve delivery of critical services
and connects thousands of people to broadband.

The other categories are: last-mile awards, which connect end users like homes,
hospitals and schools to their community's broadband infrastructure, the middle
mile; public computing awards, which expand computer center capacity for public
use in libraries, community colleges and other public venues; and sustainable
adoption awards, which fund innovative projects that promote broadband demand.

More details about the impact of the infrastructure project in Maine will be
announced today. Locke is scheduled to speak at noon inside Wells Commons at the
University of Maine.

The Three Ring Binder concept would create three fiber-optic rings, one in
northern Maine, one from midcoast to Down East and one in western Maine,
encompassing 1,100 miles. Those rings would be a shared resource open to all
qualified Internet providers.

The project's total cost is estimated at $32.5 million and would bring broadband
to communities with 110,000 households, 600 anchor institutions, 10 University
of Maine System campuses and outreach centers, three community colleges and 38
government facilities.

The Three Ring Binder proposal was one of many applications made by Maine
entities for broadband funding through the American Recovery and Reinvestment
Act. So far, it is the only one to be accepted, although more specific project
announcements will be rolled out over the next 75 days, according to White House
officials.

Larry Strickling, assistant secretary for the U.S. Commerce Department, said
Wednesday that the screening process for grant applications was thorough and
comprehensive. The commerce and agriculture departments have received more than
2,200 applications, he said.

Bernstein, Biden's economic adviser, said the broadband infrastructure projects
would create thousands of jobs, one of the main goals of stimulus funding.
Initially, projects will employ technological specialists, factory workers and
construction workers. Other jobs would then be created indirectly, he said,
through increased economic activity facilitated by the new broadband network.

erussell@bangordailynews.net

990-8167

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Bangor Daily News


                              197 of 998 DOCUMENTS



             The Morgan Messenger (Berkely Springs, West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 29, 2015

Blue Ridge CTC receives WV Community Foundation Grant

BYLINE: The Morgan Messenger staff

LENGTH: 295  words


Blue Ridge Community and Technical College Career Services Division has been
awarded $3,312 through a grant funded by the Eastern West Virginia Community
Foundation.

The Office of Career Services plans to use these funds to work with students
during their first year in college and assist in the exploration of various
career pathways. Through the funding received in this grant, students now have
access to the World of Work Inventory, a career assessment that connects a
student's interests, aptitudes and personality to potential careers. This tool
allows students to explore professions based on personality traits, interests,
and skillsets.

With the growing emphasis on retention and graduation, the focus on student
interest in the selection of a career pathway is vital to the completion of a
degree. "This support will go a long way to help students find career paths that
are a good fit" said Chris Cobian, Coordinator of Career Services "When students
make an informed decision about an ideal career path, they have an edge in
identifying the best options for their future."

The Office of Career Services provides support to students identifying career
goals and also connects them with regional employers. Students have the
opportunity to work with the Career Services team to learn the best method of
expressing past and present experience through resumes, interviews and
networking. "Showcasing your skills to employers starts with understanding who
you are," said Nick Czapla, Job Placement Specialist. "The World of Work
Inventory is a great first step."

Students interested in completing the World of Work Inventory or who would like
to learn more about career services, contact: Christopher N. Cobian, MSW
Coordinator of Career Services, 304-260-4380 ext. 2125.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MGM

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                                 Copyright 2015


                              198 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            The Ely Echo (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  July 5, 2014

Federal grant on tap for AT V trail;
Polaris to provide additional $25,000

BYLINE: The Ely Echo staff

LENGTH: 479  words


Two more grants are on tap for the ATV trail that will connect four communities
and two state parks.

A federal Recreational Trail Program grant of $150,000 is headed toward final
approval while Polaris Industries has approved a $25,000 grant.

The Prospectors Loop ATV Trail will connect Ely, Babbitt, Embarrass and Tower
along with Bear Head and the new Lake Vermilion state parks.

"This is great news for the project," said Trail Prospectors Alliance president
Nick Wognum. "The federal grant will need a 25 percent match but luckily Rep.
David Dill and Sen. Tom Bakk were able to secure $118,000 in state funding so we
can use that for the match."

The Town of Fall Lake has also approved a $1,000 contribution to the project.

The Prospectors Loop has been expanded to included a 28-mile loop east of
Babbitt that would create an ATV trail to be known as the Jackpot Loop.

"Polaris Industries has committed $25,000 to complete the construction work for
that loop which could happen as soon as this fall," said Wognum.

Polaris also provided a

$27,000 grant to the Big Aspen ATV Trail Maintenance and Improvement on the
Laurentian Ranger District.

The Prospectors Loop would also tie into the Lake County regional ATV trail
system that connects to the North Shore, including the Moose Walk and Red Dot
trails.

"Lake County is our sponsor for the project and we've developed a great working
relationship with them. They're in the process of developing additional ATV
trails as well which only makes our connection to their system even better,"
said Wognum.

The $1 million project would largely utilize existing roads and snowmobile
routes but would also include up to 25 miles of new trail.

"We've accomplished a lot in our first year but we've got a ways to go. There's
a lot of review work that needs to be done but now we have the ability to hire
someone to help us with things like wetland delineation," said Prospectors
Alliance trail administrator Ron Potter.

The Prospectors Alliance is the group coordinating the project and is made up of
people from each community.

Ely representatives include Elroy Kuehl, Neil Olson, Mike Meskill and" Wognum.
Potter lives in the Eagles Nest area while Dave' Soular and Jerome Wein-er are
from Babbitt.Gene-Wright represents Embarrass and from Tower the board members
are Curly Skogman and Dan Broten.

"This project is a big one and has been talked about for over 10 years but this
time, we've been very fortunate to get a group of dedicated people with detailed
knowledge of the area," said Wognum.

"With the funding starting to fall in place we're moving forward. With the
Jackpot Loop and the rest of our alignment coming together; I think we'll be
able to see an additional 170 miles of ATV trail in the near future.'
Considering there's only 1,200 miles in the state, this will be a major addition
and a major benefit to our area,'" said Wognum.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ELY

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2014 The Ely Echo


                              199 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Columbus Telegram (Nebraska)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 20, 2007 Thursday

Organizations benefit from United Way's grant funds

BYLINE: Julie Blum, Columbus Telegram, Neb.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 849 words


Sep. 20--COLUMBUS -- The Columbus Area United Way recently awarded Community
Impact/Venture Grants.

More than $54,000 in grants were given to recipients. The money is to be used
for the most pressing human needs in the area and to fund programs that will
have measurable results that improve lives and make lasting changes.

Among the 2007 recipients is Connect Columbus (formerly Columbus Collaborative
Team). The organization received $14,995 for the Connect Columbus Volunteer
Center. The money will assist in recruiting volunteers for nonprofit agencies
and promoting volunteer opportunities.

The center opened Monday at the Columbus Family Resource Center.

Tammy Bichlmeier, executive director of Connect Columbus, said there has been
several inquiries about the center from volunteer organizations, businesses and
those wanting to volunteer.

"Denise Kollath, who is the director, has been contacting people and doing
presentations. She has gotten a lot of positive feedback about it," Bichlmeier
said.

Bichlmeier said the center is a needed addition to the community because it will
be a more efficient way of matching volunteers with the volunteer needs in area.
Volunteers are an important piece to non-profit organizations.

"If you look at a lot of our nonprofit organizations, we couldn't exist without
volunteers. We don't have big budgets. We hopefully are also filling a need too
with schools. Several are looking for opportunities for their students to fill
community service hours," she said.

The center is open from 8:30-11:30 a.m. Monday and Wednesday and 8:30 a.m.-5:30
p.m. Friday. The phone number is 562-5462.

The Communities Together Can also received a grant worth $11,000 for the "After
Hours" Columbus Middle School Program.

The after school program is in its second year and currently has 75 participants
enrolled. It is open to all middle school students in 6th-8th grades in Platte
County, said program coordinator Tracey Miller.

"It's something for the kids to do after school where they can be in a safe
environment at a place where they enjoy," Miller said about the program.

It is offered each quarter on Tuesdays and Thursdays at CMS. Students are able
to participate in one of five different sessions. The sessions being offered
this quarter are cooking, golf, game zone, taekwondo and art.

Other organizations receiving grants and the programs the money will fund are:

â[#x201a]¬ Arc of Platte County, $840. The money goes toward People First Junior
of Columbus "Leisure Works," a program for young adults 16-21 with developmental
disabilities.

â[#x201a]¬ CASA Connection, $5,000. The grant will help train and recruit
volunteers to serve as court appointed special advocates.

â[#x201a]¬ Healthy Families Nebraska, $3,500. The money will fund the in-home
visitation program that offers support to single, first time pregnant mothers
and their partners as well as applicable extended family.

â[#x201a]¬ G.A.P.S. (Groups for Adolescents Providing Support), $4,600. The
grant will help fund the support program for teens struggling with substance
related issues.

â[#x201a]¬ Nebraska State Foster Care Review Board, $500. The money will go
toward the project permanency. Through the program volunteer board members will
visit children in foster care, ages birth-5, in their out of home placement. The
board members will encourage foster placements, determine if placements are
appropriate, as well as supply foster parents and children with gifts.

â[#x201a]¬ Northeast Nebraska Child Advocacy Center, $8,000. The grant will go
toward supporting the child victimization prevention program.

â[#x201a]¬ Rainbow Center, $2,500. The grant will go toward the education fund
to purchase educational material that enhance learning outcomes.

â[#x201a]¬ Platte County Diversion Program, $3,000. The money will go towards
covering the expenses associated with the program.

â[#x201a]¬ Columbus Area Arts Council, $500. The money will fund the Art for
Everyone, a program to expand art classes to preschoolers, students and adults.

The United Way board of directors established the Venture Grant program in 1996.
Community Impact grants were added by the board in 2005.

Since 1992, the board has approved $354,683 in grants back to the community.
Funding for these grants comes from a percentage of the annual earnings of the
United Way Endowment. The United Way has built an endowment thanks to a bequest
from Gus Meyer in 1992. Since that time the organization has received two other
sizable gifts, one from the Marie Froemel estate and one from the Louise
Saalfelf estate.

The endowment committee that oversees the endowment are Rich Aerni, Dick Casey,
Terry Millard, Bob White and board members Brian Christensen, Sharyle Sands and
Tom Burton.

To see more of the Columbus Telegram, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.columbustelegram.com. Copyright (c) 2007, Columbus Telegram, Neb.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070920-CU-Organizations-benefit-from-United-Way-s-grant-funds-0920

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CU


                        Copyright 2007 Columbus Telegram


                              200 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             October 5, 2015 Monday

Program to connect students, businesses

BYLINE: By Kermit Rowe

SECTION: ; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 225 words


NEW CARLISLE - A $77,000 grant will connect Clark County students with business
leaders and educators in order to tap into the youth's unrealized potential.

Family & Youth Initiatives in New Carlisle is one of nearly 200 groups in Ohio
to receive a Community Connectors grant from the state of Ohio and will partner
with Tecumseh Local Schools to create a mentoring program.

"It allows us to connect really passionate and caring business owners in the
community with educators in Tecumseh Local Schools and our organization to offer
weekly ongoing mentoring for a full school year," said Amber Hargett, a
spokeswoman for FYI.

Business mentors will guide students in personal development and growth, while
Tecumseh will offer tutors to help with specific subjects.

"We hope that with those powers combined, the student will feel loved and
appreciated and make a positive connection with an adult, one who is going to be
a positive role model," Hargett said.

The goal of the Community Connectors program is to allow students to find their
voice and become more aware of their potential, she said.

Mentors will commit to one student for one hour a week for a school year.

The program is open to students ages 14 to 21. Family & Youth Initiatives hopes
to work with about 20 different businesses this year and still needs more
mentors, especially bilingual ones.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              201 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                              May 26, 2015 Tuesday

City may endorse transit site grant $15M in federal money eyed for

BYLINE: Maria Nagle mnagle@pantagraph.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 282 words


BLOOMINGTON -- The City Council will consider whether to support a seeking a
federal grant to consolidate Connect Transit's downtown Bloomington
transportation center and the planned expansion of the McLean County jail.

Because of Monday's holiday, the council instead will meet in a regular voting
session at 7 p.m. Tuesday. A resolution in support of the project is on the
agenda.

Both meetings will take place at City Hall, 109 E. Olive St.

The preliminary grant proposal included a request of $15 million.
Pre-architectural estimates of jail expansion costs for the Law and Justice
Center are between $27 million and $49.5 million, Wasson said in a recent memo
sent to Assistant City Manager Steve Rasmussen.

McLean County and Connect Transit have been exploring options for more than a
year to improve Connect Transit's downtown facilities. The county also has
worked for the past 18 months to address identified deficiencies in community
mental health services and capacities, Wasson said.

The combined projects would share a site adjacent to the Abraham Lincoln Parking
Garage, which is at the corner of East and Front streets.

Connect Transit serves 436,662 riders a year from the downtown connection point,
Wasson said.

The proposed transit component would provide heated waiting and ticket vending
areas, restrooms and bus tracking displays, he added.

The county's expansion project would provide needed additional jail space for
women and individuals with jail inmates with mental health needs.

The projects were among several presented by a "One Voice" delegation of McLean
County leaders during a March trip to Washington, D.C., to seek federal funds
for local community projects.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bill Watson

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Pantagraph


                              202 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bakersfield Californian

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 30, 2009 Sunday

Business connects with schools

BYLINE: Katie Steiner, The Bakersfield Californian

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 632 words


Aug. 30--Three years ago, the Greater Bakersfield Chamber of Commerce posed a
question to local business leaders: Look ahead five years. What does the
business community look like?

Their response: We don't know where our qualified employees will come from.

Based on that reply, the chamber, as well as other area business leaders, are
developing more programs to better prepare high school students for work.

"We really needed to be that facilitator between the education and business
communities," said Debbie Moreno, chamber CEO and president.

And now there is a big boost to that goal. The chamber received a one-year
planning grant from the James Irvine Foundation. The money is used to figure out
which business education partnerships exist, as well as to look into other
possibilities, Moreno said.

At the end of the year, the chamber will apply for an implementation grant from
the foundation.

But that's not the only way the community is bringing business into the
classroom.

In July, Bakersfield was designated as a Ford Partnership for Advanced Studies
Next Generation Learning Community. This program gives high schools curriculum
that prepares students for success in college and work.

"It's a real honor for Ford to think what we're doing has a real value," Moreno
said, adding that Bakersfield is the 13th community in the nation to be
designated.

"The basic idea is if we can engage students earlier on, we can get them
excited," Moreno said. "They'll get more excited if they get real word
experience."

It's not just the chamber that is working on new ways to connect students with
the business community.

Katie Kleier, director of instruction for the Kern High School District, said
she has received a lot of calls this summer from business groups starting
mentoring programs.

Her most recent call came from the Kern Economic Development Corp., which is
just kicking off its Alliance of Women in Energy program.

The mentoring program will connect female high school students with local
professional women who work in energy-related businesses.

The idea is to encourage high school girls to pursue careers in energy, said
Richard Chapman, KEDC's president and CEO.

And unlike some career-development programs, this alliance will not necessarily
push students to attend a four-year university, Chapman said.

"Not all these students need to go to college," he said. "We will help you if
you want to go right into the workforce. We're not saying one size fits all."

One group Chapman hopes will take part are the students of the Energy and
Utilities Career Academy at Independence High School. The three-year academy
works in conjunction with business partners to develop curriculum that focuses
on the energy field, said academy coordinator Kim Woolf.

Since its January launch, the academy has been quite successful, Woolf said. In
January, 44 sophomores took part. For this upcoming school year, 57 have signed
up so far.

Woolf said the number of business partners, who speak at classes or provide
field trips, also has jumped from seven or eight when the program started to 18
or 19.

"I think these programs give our young people an idea about how to be successful
and why being successful in high school is important," Kleier said. "The more
opportunities they have to see what employment opportunities there are, the more
likely they are to continue their education."

To see more of The Bakersfield Californian, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.bakersfield.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Bakersfield Californian
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090830-BK-Business-connects-with-schools-0830

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BK


                   Copyright 2009 The Bakersfield Californian


                              203 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Hazard Herald, Ky.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 3, 2012 Tuesday

Grant funds going to telehealth program at KRCC

BYLINE: Bailey Richards, The Hazard Herald, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 443 words


Jan. 03--HAZARD -- One Eastern Kentucky health care provider is planning to
offer support care over the Internet at four of its locations.

Kentucky River Community Care will soon be able to link local patients to
doctors and specialists across the state thanks to a USDA Rural Development
grant. Tom Fern, state director for the USDA Rural Development, came to the
Kentucky River Regional Care Center in Hazard last week to announce a grant of
$117,560 that will go toward connecting KRCC with other health facilities across
the state. By doing this, they hope to be able to treat those people with
specific problems closer to home through telehealth.

This grant was created to give more opportunities in rural areas that may not
have the infrastructure for a larger clinic or health care facility.

"This program is designed specifically to meet the education and health care
needs of rural America," said Fern.

This same system will be introduced in four counties: Breathitt, Perry, Knott
and Letcher, with the hub being located in Breathitt.

Mike Kadish, executive director of Kentucky River Community Care, said this
opportunity could really help those people who are essentially cut off from
specialized care locally due to issues with transportation, said Kadish.

"Access to health care specialists, access to health care information, this
award really does help bring all of the resources that folks will need around
the state to our counties that tend to be somewhat isolated," he said.

Along with helping those that can not necessarily get to larger clinics, the
grant will help connect specialists to people requiring a specific specialty.
And if those specialities aren't offered locally or in a nearby county, this new
program will help connect patients with a facility that does offers those
services.

"This grant is something that is going to allow KRCC to broaden service in this
rural community," said Ernestine Howard, the director of finance and management
information systems director for KRCC.

Along with the telehealth grant, KRCC was also recently awarded a geothermal
HVAC grant from USDA Rural Health Development. The system is currently being
installed and should be operational soon.

Both grants are working to create a better experience in health care for the
people of rural areas, and Fern said that he is passionate about these
improvements because he is from a rural area and is glad to see people like his
family members be made accessible to a higher quality of medicine and health
education.

___ (c)2012 The Hazard Herald (Hazard, Ky.) Visit The Hazard Herald (Hazard,
Ky.) at www.hazard-herald.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120103-ZD-Grant
-funds-going-to-telehealth-program-at-KRCC-0103-20120103

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZD


                                 Copyright 2012


                              204 of 998 DOCUMENTS


           Richmond County Daily Journal (Rockingham, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 3, 2016 Thursday

Richmond County voters to weigh $2 billion Connect N.C. bond package

BYLINE: Mary Katherine Murphy - and William R. Toler, Richmond County Daily
Journal, Rockingham, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1142 words


March 03--ROCKINGHAM -- Aside from picking politicians, North Carolina voters
will be deciding whether or not to allow the state to borrow $2 billion for the
Connect N.C. Bond, which would provide funding for a variety of infrastructure
improvements, on the primary ballot.

Richmond County's three state legislators --Sen. Tom McInnis and state Reps.
Garland Pierce and Ken Goodman -- support the bond, which would cover projects
in 76 counties.

"I think we're a great state and we can do great things, and we've got to be
sure that our infrastructure is there for generations yet unborn and will be
sound going forward," said Pierce, D-Scotland. "We've had bonds in the past and
we've been successful in paying those bonds back, so I don't think this time is
any different. The economy is better and I believe we will have the resources
and funds to pay it back."

If passed, the University of North Carolina System will receive the bulk of the
funding -- $980 million, which accounts for 49 percent of the entire package --
for new buildings, mostly in the science and engineering fields.

The state's community colleges will receive the second-largest piece of the bond
package pie, $350 million. Like RCC, the community colleges will use the money
for new construction and bringing older buildings up to code.

Nearly the same amount percentage-wise, $312.5 million, will be used to upgrade
local parks and provide statewide grants and loans for water and sewer projects.

The remaining funds will be divvied up between the National Guard and public
safety, agriculture -- including an $85 million plant sciences building at N.C.
State University -- and state parks and attractions.

Locally, the Connect N.C. bond would fund $7.2 million in improvements at
Richmond Community College, $23 million for a new business school at
UNC-Pembroke, and $2.6 million to the Lumber River State Park.

The funds for RCC will be used to build and expand classrooms, labs and shops as
well as other areas on campus, according to college President Dr. Dale McInnis.

He said the college would also expand the bookstore -- run by the Illinois-based
Follet Corp. -- make room for more early college students, create a new student
career and transfer center, add a cafeteria, make repairs and additions to the
parking lot and increase faculty office space.

The Richmond County Board of Commissioners unanimously passed a resolution
Tuesday evening in support of the bond.

Commissioner John Garner said the funding provided to RCC would save county
taxpayers $2 million.

Additionally, the bonds would provide $309 million in grants for water and sewer
improvements statewide, which will likely benefit rural counties.

"Water and sewer are very important issues particularly in our rural areas and
our cities and towns," Pierce said. "If you don't invest back into the state and
those resources that we have, we could find ourselves like Flint, Michigan with
water problems."

Since the state last passed a bond package 15 years ago, North Carolina's
population has grown by nearly 2 million. Lawmakers say the state is coming to
the end of debt repayment and can take on a new bond package without imposing
new taxes.

"With the current cash flow the state has already built in for the payments of
the previous bond referendum, so we would just extend that payment amount to
cover the new bonds, again with no difference in the taxing structure of the
state because it's already built into the cash flow," said McInnis, R-Richmond.

"I'm a very enthusiastic supporter of the bond package," said Goodman,
D-Richmond. "At the end of four years the state of North Carolina will owe less
money even after passing the bond package than it does today. It keeps the
state's bond debt well below the numbers that people say are practical and it
really does a lot of good things for the state of North Carolina."

The bond package is slated to be paid off within 25 years, while the
improvements it funds will be useful two or three times longer.

Despite all the support, the bond does have a growing number of detractors.

State Reps. Justin Burr, Mark Brody and Michael Speciale have all been vocal in
their dissent.

Burr, R-Stanly, was one of 20 state House members to vote down the proposal when
it jumped its last legislative hurdle in late September. There were also two
senators who voted no.

He told the Daily Journal in January that the bond started out as a
transportation proposal, but turned into "a politician's Christmas tree where
they're doling out money across the state."

A February column from Brody, R-Union, questioned if the university system
really needed nearly $1 billion for campus upgrades. He said legislators
required the system to justify the expenses, but at the time he wrote the
column, the answers had not been provided.

"The university contact I talked to...stated that the report will not be done
anytime soon and we can at best expect it sometime in April," he wrote. "That is
at least two to three weeks beyond the March 15 vote on the referendum...On the
surface, this appears to be an attempt by the university system to keep the
voters uninformed before the vote, ram through this bond and thumb their noses
at the voters while disobeying the law and disrespecting the will of the
people."

Conservative activist Nicole Revels is leading the charge among the public,
creating the "NC Against the Bond" page on Facebook, which garnered support from
fiscal conservatives and libertarians.

"A bond is not free money, it's a method of spending money now and leaving
future generations of taxpayers to pick up the tab later," she wrote in a column
that appeared in the Kinston Free Press. "Many legislators are supporting the
bond because it's a way for them to spend money on grandiose projects and earn
political points back home while not having to claim the expenditures as an
operating budget spending increase. The problem is that they're piling debt onto
today's children."

Haywood County commissioners were set to vote on a resolution until Revels
informed them that there was no transportation funding included, as the bond was
originally billed. The Appalachian State University student government also
shelved a resolution after hearing from the opposition.

Last week, Revels was part of a debate on the bond in Moore County. She will
also be at a public forum in Cumberland County on Saturday to speak against the
bond, opposite state Rep. John Szoka, R-Cumberland, who will speak in favor of
it.

Reach Laurinburg Exchange reporter Mary Katherine Murphy at 910-506-3169 and
Daily Journal reporter William R. Toler at 910-817-2675 and follow him on
Twitter @William_r_toler.

___ (c)2016 the Richmond County Daily Journal (Rockingham, N.C.) Visit the
Richmond County Daily Journal (Rockingham, N.C.) at www.yourdailyjournal.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160303-RU-Richmond-County-voters-to-weigh-2-billion-Connect
-N-C-bond-package-0303-20160303

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RU


                  Copyright 2016 Richmond County Daily Journal


                              205 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 11, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: U.S. Department of Transportation Announces $14.7 Million to Improve
Transit Access in Selected Communities Around the Country

LENGTH: 758  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S Department of Transportation has issued the following news
release:



 The U.S. Department of Transportation's Federal Transit Administration (FTA)
today announced that 16 organizations around the country will receive a share of
$14.7 million in grants to support comprehensive planning projects that improve
access to public transit. The funds are made available through FTA's
Transit-Oriented Development (TOD) Planning Pilot Program for communities that
are developing new or expanded mass transit systems. A list of selected projects
is available online.





 "The Obama Administration is proud to partner with forward-leaning communities
with plans to develop around transit options that connect hardworking families
to jobs, education and opportunity," said U.S. Transportation Secretary Anthony
Foxx.



 FTA Acting Administrator Carolyn Flowers announced the grants in San Francisco
at the 2016 Rail~Volution Conference, a gathering of professionals dedicated to
building livable communities with transit. The San Francisco Bay Area is home to
one of the grant recipients, Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA).



 "These grants will help our nation's growing metropolitan areas plan for
development alongside new transit lines that will open doors for residents to
access jobs, education, medical care and other vital services," said FTA Acting
Administrator Flowers. "Here in the Bay Area and across the country, communities
will use these grants to expand the economic and social impact of new transit
services."



 The Santa Clara VTA will receive $1.5 million to identify and plan for
multimodal access needs and TOD opportunities for station areas along the Bay
Area Rapid Transit (BART) Silicon Valley Phase II project, which is a 6.5-mile
heavy rail extension to San Jose and Santa Clara.



 In total, FTA's TOD Pilot Program will provide grants for comprehensive
planning work in 16 metropolitan areas around the country, helping communities
integrate their land-use and transportation planning efforts as they improve
their transit systems.



 Among the planning projects selected nationwide:



     The Regional Transportation District and City and County of Denver will
receive $1.35 million to help alleviate barriers to TOD in the East Colfax
Avenue corridor, the location of a proposed bus rapid transit project. The TOD
planning effort includes urban design guidelines for the corridor, an affordable
housing strategy, small business retention and development strategy, and a
financing plan for implementation of TOD.



     The City of Phoenix will receive $2 million to plan for additional
development and improved pedestrian and bicycle infrastructure in the South
Central Light Rail Transit Extension corridor while preserving nearby housing
affordability and established small businesses.



     The City of Milwaukee will receive $750,000 to conduct comprehensive TOD
planning along the proposed King Drive and Walker's Point extensions of the
Milwaukee Streetcar from downtown into surrounding neighborhoods. The city will
work with stakeholders along the proposed extensions to evaluate how to use
transit-supportive development to revitalize the two corridors and better
connect residents to downtown jobs.



 FTA's TOD Pilot Program was established under the Moving Ahead for Progress in
the 21st Century Act (MAP-21) and amended by the Fixing America's Surface
Transportation (FAST) Act. The program helps localities plan improved access to
transit, jobs, education and services, and helps revitalize communities by
attracting new business opportunities, jobs, and housing. In addition, the
program encourages inclusive communities and seeks planning solutions to reduce
residential and commercial displacement that can result from gentrification. It
seeks to connect people to opportunities through multimodal access to transit
stations and to enhance connectivity of disadvantaged populations to essential
services.



 To be eligible for the Pilot Program, planning work must be associated with a
transit project for which the local community intends to seek funding through
FTA's Capital Investment Grant (CIG) Program or that recently received funding
through the CIG Program. The CIG Program is FTA's primary competitive grant
program for funding major transit capital investments, including heavy rail,
commuter rail, light rail, bus rapid transit and core capacity projects.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              206 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 11, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: U.S. Department of Transportation Announces $14.7 Million to Improve
Transit Access in Selected Communities Around the Country

LENGTH: 756  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S Department of Transportation has issued the following news
release:



 The U.S. Department of Transportation's Federal Transit Administration (FTA)
today announced that 16 organizations around the country will receive a share of
$14.7 million in grants to support comprehensive planning projects that improve
access to public transit. The funds are made available through FTA's
Transit-Oriented Development (TOD) Planning Pilot Program for communities that
are developing new or expanded mass transit systems. A list of selected projects
is available online.





 "The Obama Administration is proud to partner with forward-leaning communities
with plans to develop around transit options that connect hardworking families
to jobs, education and opportunity," said U.S. Transportation Secretary Anthony
Foxx



 FTA Acting Administrator Carolyn Flowers announced the grants in San Francisco
at the 2016 Rail~Volution Conference, a gathering of professionals dedicated to
building livable communities with transit. The San Francisco Bay Area is home to
one of the grant recipients, Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA).



 "These grants will help our nation's growing metropolitan areas plan for
development alongside new transit lines that will open doors for residents to
access jobs, education, medical care and other vital services," said FTA Acting
Administrator Flowers. "Here in the Bay Area and across the country, communities
will use these grants to expand the economic and social impact of new transit
services."



 The Santa Clara VTA will receive $1.5 million to identify and plan for
multimodal access needs and TOD opportunities for station areas along the Bay
Area Rapid Transit (BART) Silicon Valley Phase II project, which is a 6.5-mile
heavy rail extension to San Jose and Santa Clara.



 In total, FTA's TOD Pilot Program will provide grants for comprehensive
planning work in 16 metropolitan areas around the country, helping communities
integrate their land-use and transportation planning efforts as they improve
their transit systems.



 Among the planning projects selected nationwide:



     The Regional Transportation District and City and County of Denver will
receive $1.35 million to help alleviate barriers to TOD in the East Colfax
Avenue corridor, the location of a proposed bus rapid transit project. The TOD
planning effort includes urban design guidelines for the corridor, an affordable
housing strategy, small business retention and development strategy, and a
financing plan for implementation of TOD.

     The City of Phoenix will receive $2 million to plan for additional
development and improved pedestrian and bicycle infrastructure in the South
Central Light Rail Transit Extension corridor while preserving nearby housing
affordability and established small businesses.

     The City of Milwaukee will receive $750,000 to conduct comprehensive TOD
planning along the proposed King Drive and Walker's Point extensions of the
Milwaukee Streetcar from downtown into surrounding neighborhoods. The city will
work with stakeholders along the proposed extensions to evaluate how to use
transit-supportive development to revitalize the two corridors and better
connect residents to downtown jobs.



 FTA's TOD Pilot Program was established under the Moving Ahead for Progress in
the 21st Century Act (MAP-21) and amended by the Fixing America's Surface
Transportation (FAST) Act. The program helps localities plan improved access to
transit, jobs, education and services, and helps revitalize communities by
attracting new business opportunities, jobs, and housing. In addition, the
program encourages inclusive communities and seeks planning solutions to reduce
residential and commercial displacement that can result from gentrification. It
seeks to connect people to opportunities through multimodal access to transit
stations and to enhance connectivity of disadvantaged populations to essential
services.



 To be eligible for the Pilot Program, planning work must be associated with a
transit project for which the local community intends to seek funding through
FTA's Capital Investment Grant (CIG) Program or that recently received funding
through the CIG Program. The CIG Program is FTA's primary competitive grant
program for funding major transit capital investments, including heavy rail,
commuter rail, light rail, bus rapid transit and core capacity projects.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:  editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              207 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 11, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: U.S. Department of Transportation Announces $14.7 Million to Improve
Transit Access in Selected Communities Around the Country

LENGTH: 758  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S Department of Transportation has issued the following news
release:



 The U.S. Department of Transportation's Federal Transit Administration (FTA)
today announced that 16 organizations around the country will receive a share of
$14.7 million in grants to support comprehensive planning projects that improve
access to public transit. The funds are made available through FTA's
Transit-Oriented Development (TOD) Planning Pilot Program for communities that
are developing new or expanded mass transit systems. A list of selected projects
is available online.





 "The Obama Administration is proud to partner with forward-leaning communities
with plans to develop around transit options that connect hardworking families
to jobs, education and opportunity," said U.S. Transportation Secretary Anthony
Foxx.



 FTA Acting Administrator Carolyn Flowers announced the grants in San Francisco
at the 2016 Rail~Volution Conference, a gathering of professionals dedicated to
building livable communities with transit. The San Francisco Bay Area is home to
one of the grant recipients, Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA).



 "These grants will help our nation's growing metropolitan areas plan for
development alongside new transit lines that will open doors for residents to
access jobs, education, medical care and other vital services," said FTA Acting
Administrator Flowers. "Here in the Bay Area and across the country, communities
will use these grants to expand the economic and social impact of new transit
services."



 The Santa Clara VTA will receive $1.5 million to identify and plan for
multimodal access needs and TOD opportunities for station areas along the Bay
Area Rapid Transit (BART) Silicon Valley Phase II project, which is a 6.5-mile
heavy rail extension to San Jose and Santa Clara.



 In total, FTA's TOD Pilot Program will provide grants for comprehensive
planning work in 16 metropolitan areas around the country, helping communities
integrate their land-use and transportation planning efforts as they improve
their transit systems.



 Among the planning projects selected nationwide:



     The Regional Transportation District and City and County of Denver will
receive $1.35 million to help alleviate barriers to TOD in the East Colfax
Avenue corridor, the location of a proposed bus rapid transit project. The TOD
planning effort includes urban design guidelines for the corridor, an affordable
housing strategy, small business retention and development strategy, and a
financing plan for implementation of TOD.



     The City of Phoenix will receive $2 million to plan for additional
development and improved pedestrian and bicycle infrastructure in the South
Central Light Rail Transit Extension corridor while preserving nearby housing
affordability and established small businesses.



     The City of Milwaukee will receive $750,000 to conduct comprehensive TOD
planning along the proposed King Drive and Walker's Point extensions of the
Milwaukee Streetcar from downtown into surrounding neighborhoods. The city will
work with stakeholders along the proposed extensions to evaluate how to use
transit-supportive development to revitalize the two corridors and better
connect residents to downtown jobs.



 FTA's TOD Pilot Program was established under the Moving Ahead for Progress in
the 21st Century Act (MAP-21) and amended by the Fixing America's Surface
Transportation (FAST) Act. The program helps localities plan improved access to
transit, jobs, education and services, and helps revitalize communities by
attracting new business opportunities, jobs, and housing. In addition, the
program encourages inclusive communities and seeks planning solutions to reduce
residential and commercial displacement that can result from gentrification. It
seeks to connect people to opportunities through multimodal access to transit
stations and to enhance connectivity of disadvantaged populations to essential
services.



 To be eligible for the Pilot Program, planning work must be associated with a
transit project for which the local community intends to seek funding through
FTA's Capital Investment Grant (CIG) Program or that recently received funding
through the CIG Program. The CIG Program is FTA's primary competitive grant
program for funding major transit capital investments, including heavy rail,
commuter rail, light rail, bus rapid transit and core capacity projects.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              208 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 11, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: U.S. Department of Transportation Announces $14.7 Million to Improve
Transit Access in Selected Communities Around the Country

LENGTH: 756  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S Department of Transportation has issued the following news
release:



 The U.S. Department of Transportation's Federal Transit Administration (FTA)
today announced that 16 organizations around the country will receive a share of
$14.7 million in grants to support comprehensive planning projects that improve
access to public transit. The funds are made available through FTA's
Transit-Oriented Development (TOD) Planning Pilot Program for communities that
are developing new or expanded mass transit systems. A list of selected projects
is available online.





 "The Obama Administration is proud to partner with forward-leaning communities
with plans to develop around transit options that connect hardworking families
to jobs, education and opportunity," said U.S. Transportation Secretary Anthony
Foxx



 FTA Acting Administrator Carolyn Flowers announced the grants in San Francisco
at the 2016 Rail~Volution Conference, a gathering of professionals dedicated to
building livable communities with transit. The San Francisco Bay Area is home to
one of the grant recipients, Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority (VTA).



 "These grants will help our nation's growing metropolitan areas plan for
development alongside new transit lines that will open doors for residents to
access jobs, education, medical care and other vital services," said FTA Acting
Administrator Flowers. "Here in the Bay Area and across the country, communities
will use these grants to expand the economic and social impact of new transit
services."



 The Santa Clara VTA will receive $1.5 million to identify and plan for
multimodal access needs and TOD opportunities for station areas along the Bay
Area Rapid Transit (BART) Silicon Valley Phase II project, which is a 6.5-mile
heavy rail extension to San Jose and Santa Clara.



 In total, FTA's TOD Pilot Program will provide grants for comprehensive
planning work in 16 metropolitan areas around the country, helping communities
integrate their land-use and transportation planning efforts as they improve
their transit systems.



 Among the planning projects selected nationwide:



     The Regional Transportation District and City and County of Denver will
receive $1.35 million to help alleviate barriers to TOD in the East Colfax
Avenue corridor, the location of a proposed bus rapid transit project. The TOD
planning effort includes urban design guidelines for the corridor, an affordable
housing strategy, small business retention and development strategy, and a
financing plan for implementation of TOD.

     The City of Phoenix will receive $2 million to plan for additional
development and improved pedestrian and bicycle infrastructure in the South
Central Light Rail Transit Extension corridor while preserving nearby housing
affordability and established small businesses.

     The City of Milwaukee will receive $750,000 to conduct comprehensive TOD
planning along the proposed King Drive and Walker's Point extensions of the
Milwaukee Streetcar from downtown into surrounding neighborhoods. The city will
work with stakeholders along the proposed extensions to evaluate how to use
transit-supportive development to revitalize the two corridors and better
connect residents to downtown jobs.



 FTA's TOD Pilot Program was established under the Moving Ahead for Progress in
the 21st Century Act (MAP-21) and amended by the Fixing America's Surface
Transportation (FAST) Act. The program helps localities plan improved access to
transit, jobs, education and services, and helps revitalize communities by
attracting new business opportunities, jobs, and housing. In addition, the
program encourages inclusive communities and seeks planning solutions to reduce
residential and commercial displacement that can result from gentrification. It
seeks to connect people to opportunities through multimodal access to transit
stations and to enhance connectivity of disadvantaged populations to essential
services.



 To be eligible for the Pilot Program, planning work must be associated with a
transit project for which the local community intends to seek funding through
FTA's Capital Investment Grant (CIG) Program or that recently received funding
through the CIG Program. The CIG Program is FTA's primary competitive grant
program for funding major transit capital investments, including heavy rail,
commuter rail, light rail, bus rapid transit and core capacity projects.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:  editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              209 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

Greater Lowell Tech, Nashoba Tech and MCC receiving workforce skills equipment
grants

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: BREAKING; Local

LENGTH: 442 words


BOSTON - Greater Lowell Tech, Nashoba Tech and Middlesex Community College are
among 35 schools or training providers sharing $9.3 million in state grants for
purchases that connect Massachusetts students and residents to jobs in
high-demand industries.

Gov. Charlie Baker on Thursday announced the grants, which will allow the
schools to use the money for workforce training and equipment purchases.

The grants include:

* $493,395 for Greater Lowell Technical High School in Tyngsboro to advance its
efforts to automate its Machine Technology Shop to create a state-of-the-art
Precision/Advanced Manufacturing Training Center.

* $500,000 for Nashoba Valley Technical School in Westford to expand its
advanced manufacturing career programming, and will provide additional training
for veterans and people who are chronically unemployed.

* $117,086 for Middlesex Community College to expand training capacity in its
rapidly growing IT cybersecurity program by constructing a new, dedicated
cybersecurity lab at the college's Lowell campus.

"Workforce skills education and training plays an enormous role in economic and
personal development by helping residents acquire the skills they need to
connect with promising careers," Baker said in a statement announcing the
grants. "These vocational-technical education equipment grants will help build
stronger communities and a more competitive business environment that ensures
more residents have the skills they need to succeed in and support the
commonwealth's economic future."

The Workforce Skills Capital Grant Program is a new initiative of the Governor's
Workforce Skills Cabinet, which seeks to align education, workforce and economic
development strategies across the state. Labor and Workforce Development
Secretary Ronald Walker II, Education Secretary James Peyser, and Housing and
Economic Development Secretary Jay Ash are tasked with developing policies to
improve economic and job training opportunities.

The Workforce Skills Cabinet consolidated two capital grant programs - the
former Manufacturing Training Equipment grants (administered by the Executive
Office of Housing and Economic Development) and the former Vocational
Opportunity Challenge grants (administered by the Executive Office for
Administration and Finance) - into one.

The inaugural round of the Workforce Skills Capital Grant program received 68
applications, requesting a total of $18 million in funding.

Baker's proposed economic development legislation requests an additional $75
million in capital authorization for additional training equipment grants that
strengthen workforce skills, and create strong employment pipelines.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              210 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Dubbo Daily Liberal

                            September 4, 2015 Friday

Looking at the needs of far western communities

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 397 words


The Far West Initiative is moving forward, with my colleague, Minister for Local
Government Paul Toole announcing a new Advisory Committee focused on
strengthening remote communities.

Our Far West Advisory Committee will connect representatives from each Far West
council and the state and federal governments to address the complex needs of
these communities.

Former Member for Murray Darling John Williams will chair the committee. These
remote areas face very different local issues to their coastal metropolitan
counterparts and John has an in-depth understanding of the area and the issues
that matter.

The Far West Initiative connects councils, NGOs and key state and Commonwealth
government agencies to develop innovative solutions for the unique challenges
faced by communities in far western NSW.

The eight councils include Balranald, Bourke, Brewarrina, Broken Hill, Central
Darling, Cobar, Walgett and Wentworth local government areas as well as the
Unincorporated Area.

o o o

The 2016 Country Education Foundation Tertiary Scholarships guide is now
available. This is a fantastic resource for rural and regional students looking
for help with tertiary study, with more than 1000 scholarships listed. The guide
contains listings from more than 20 CEF partner universities across Australia,
from $500 textbook grants to $50,000 per year for fees and living expenses. For
more call 02 6362 3162 or go to www.cef.org.au/students/ scholarships.

o o o

Community organisations and councils are invited to apply for a share in the NSW
government's $5.3 million Restoration and Rehabilitation Grants Program. The
Grants Program aims to help community organisations, local councils and other
group-run projects to prevent or reduce environmental degradation at a local
level.

It is a grass roots program which aims to restore degraded environmental
resources, including rare and endangered ecosystems, protect important
ecosystems and habitats of rare and endangered flora and fauna, and prevent or
minimise future environmental damage. There is $2 million available to community
and not for profit organisations, $2 million for government entities and a
further $1.3 million is available for owners and managers of NSW State Heritage
Register listed properties. Applications for grants close on Friday, 18
September 2015. For details visit: www.environment.nsw.gov.au/grants/
restoration.htm.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              211 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                           December 11, 2007 Tuesday

Telemedicine grants to reach North Coast

BYLINE: Karen Wilkinson The Times-Standard

SECTION: LOCAL; News

LENGTH: 471 words


Funds that will help rural hospitals and health clinics expand broadband
networks for telemedicine will make their way to the North Coast as soon as
early 2008.

A $22 million federal grant, managed by the UC Davis, will use
telecommunications technology to provide access to medical specialists in urban
areas through video conferencing.

The three-year grant, awarded by the Federal Communications Commission, will
connect more than 300 rural health outposts to medical specialists in urban
areas.

With the technology, urban doctors can monitor patients, make diagnoses and
assist in treating rural patients from long distances. Bandwidth capacity will
be increased, along with the number of telemedicine connections between
California's health care providers.

State Sen. Patricia Wiggins (D-Santa Rosa) and Assemblywoman Patty Berg
(D-Eureka) supported the California Telehealth Network's grant application by
working with Congress and contacting the FCC to ensure California received its
share of the federal funding.

"It is critical that our state sets the standard with this new technology, which
will enable us to save time, save money, and most importantly, save lives,"
Wiggins said in a press release.

The $22 million grant comes on top of the $200 million allocated in Proposition
1D to build telemedicine capacity around the state. The award will build upon
existing networks and connect health care providers that are currently
unconnected to telemedicine services.

Regional hospitals and clinics set to benefit from the grant include the K'ima:w
Medical Center Clinic on the Hoopa Reservation, the Jerold Phelps Community
Hospital in Garberville, Redwood Memorial Hospital in Fortuna, the Telehealth
and Visiting Specialist Center in Eureka, United Indian Health Service in
Arcata, Eureka's Community Health Center, Mad River Community Hospital in
Arcata, the Humboldt Open Door Clinic in Arcata, St. Joseph Hospital in Eureka,
the Burre Dental Center in Eureka, the McKinleyville Community Health Center,
Six Rivers Planned Parenthood in Eureka, Eureka's Mobile Medical Office and the
Long Valley Health Center and Dental Clinic in Laytonville.

Funding will cover the costs of network connection, consulting fees related to
creating and designing the network, and network maintenance. Funding for
clinical equipment, computers, cameras or other devices and equipment not
directly required to install or maintain the broadband connection will not be
covered.

Last year, Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger signed three executive orders to encourage
broadband networks by bringing together experts from government and business so
they can work together and identify and eliminate obstacles to make broadband
Internet access available everywhere in the state.

Karen Wilkinson can be reached at 441-0514 or kwilkinson@times-standard.com .

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                              212 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                             Neighbourhood Pty Ltd

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.ourneighbourhood.com.au

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   "For over two hundred years, we have helped communities connect with each
other and governments across the country connect with customers and citizens.
Fostering more inclusive communities will be at the heart of Our Neighbourhood.
It is our way of ensuring we provide continued support for communities to stay
connected, both physically and digitally," said Mr Ahmed Fahour, Australia Post
Managing Director and CEO.  Our Neighbourhood will drive positive change in
communities by focusing on initiatives that provide all Australians with access
to essential products and services - as well as the skills to use these services
to connect in both the physical and digital world. The program will also focus
on projects which maintain diverse, inclusive workplaces that value the
contribution made by people from different backgrounds and neighbourhoods.  One
of the initiatives of Our Neighbourhood is a new local grants program. Eligible
registered charities and community organisations are invited to apply for grants
of between $1,000 and $25,000 to support local projects.  "This is an Australia
Post first; a truly localised program that will provide people with the
financial support, tools and resources that will assist them in building
healthier, more vibrant and inclusive communities," Mr Fahour said.  Some
examples of potential Our Neighbourhood Community Grants program projects
include targeted education programs, support for communities to better
understand and manage changing techn

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              213 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 21, 2014 Friday

New York: Governor Cuomo Announces $9 Million in Broadband Grants to Expand
Services Across Upstate New York

LENGTH: 856  words

DATELINE: Albany


Office of The Governor, The State of New York has issued the following news
release:

Governor Andrew M. Cuomo today announced Empire State Development (ESD) has
approved more than $9 million in New York State Broadband Grants to support five
projects that will expand access to broadband services for approximately 33,000
households, 4,500 businesses and 55 community anchor institutions across Upstate
New York, including in the Capital Region, Western New York, Finger Lakes,
Southern Tier, Central New York, North Country and Mohawk Valley regions.

"Under our Connect NY Broadband Grant program and the Regional Economic
Development Councils, we are supporting projects that will connect New Yorkers
and businesses to much-needed internet access," Governor Cuomo said. "Expanding
our telecommunications infrastructure is one way we can grow local economies and
improve the quality of life for New Yorkers. The projects approved will allow
providers to invest in communities and connect local businesses with new
markets, marking significant progress in our efforts to bring broadband access
to underserved New Yorkers in Upstate New York."

This is the second round of broadband grants to be approved from the Governor's
$25 million Connect NY Broadband Grant program and the Regional Economic
Development Council (REDC) Awards, which when completed will represent
significant progress in expanding broadband services to the more than 500,000
unserved or underserved New Yorkers across the state.

As part of the $9 million award, the Development Authority of the North Country
(DANC) will receive $2,722,000, of which $2.2 million will be used to create a
North Country Public Safety Network that will expand vital public safety
services to 21 public emergency locations, and 20 municipal buildings that
support public emergency operations. The remaining $500,000 will be matched by a
$500,000 investment from DANC and used to create a revolving loan fund that will
support last-mile build out of telecommunications facilities in Jefferson, Lewis
and St. Lawrence Counties.

During this approval round, Time Warner Cable, Inc. (TWC), among the largest
providers of video, high-speed data and voice services in the United States,
will receive approximately $5.3 million to expand services to municipalities
across seven regions in New York State. This is the first time that TWC has
applied for public broadband funding.

The State is committed to accelerating the availability, affordability, and
utilization of broadband technologies in order to grow New York's economy.
Access to the numerous benefits of broadband access, such as e-commerce,
e-government, telemedicine and distance learning will result in job creation,
improved healthcare, greater educational opportunities for students and
teachers, and enhanced economic development.

The following projects are receiving New York State Broadband Grants:

Essex County Broadband Service Expansion (Essex County) - $557,000
    Otsego County Wireless Network (Otsego County) - $558,940
    Time Warner Cable Broadband (Various Counties) - $5,258,231
    North Country Telecommunications Loan Fund (Various Counties) - $500,000
    North Country Public Emergency Network (Various Counties) - $2,222,000

Most of the grant funding will be for the "last-mile" of broadband service,
which means the projects will provide high speed internet connections directly
to New Yorkers. The last-mile is the most expensive portion of a broadband
network, and often prevents many rural residents from receiving broadband
service, even when service is available to nearby homes.

"Access to high-speed broadband is critical to attracting business and economic
development investments through-out New York State," said Empire State
Development President, CEO & Commissioner Kenneth Adams. "These grants will help
thousands of businesses expand their reach to consumers in countries around the
globe while also connecting underserved New Yorkers to the services so many of
us already enjoy."

This past year has been a tremendous period of growth for the Governor's
broadband programs. With more than $68 million awarded for broadband projects
during Governor Cuomo's administration, the largest statewide broadband
commitment funding in the nation, New York State has strengthened its capacity
to bring broadband services to unserved and underserved communities, counties
and regions across the state.

With more than 500,000 New Yorkers unable to access broadband, and another six
million citizens facing significant obstacles to internet connectivity,
expanding high-speed internet was identified by the REDCs as a key priority to
stimulate local business growth. Broadband internet grants, such as Connect NY,
both spur investment by service providers in communities and help boost economic
development in each region by expanding the ability of local businesses to reach
consumers globally.

The grants are awarded in the regions to internet service companies and in
partnership with local governments and economic development organizations.

For further information please visit: http://www.governor.ny.gov/

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              214 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                              July 16, 2007 Monday
                                 SECOND EDITION

Trail boosters have big dreams o They propose a 9-mile Staunton-to-Benld trail o
Group hopes later to connect numerous communities

BYLINE: By Terry Hillig ST. LOUIS POST-DISPATCH

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 639 words

DATELINE: STAUNTON


Trail enthusiasts in southern Macoupin County hope to supply one of the "missing
links" in a network of trails that could connect the Metro East area with
Springfield, Ill., in a few years.

The ITS Trail Committee, organized in 2005, wants to build a nine-mile trail
between Staunton and Benld, and members have been promoting the idea at every
opportunity.

The proposed ITS Trail would connect at its northern end to an existing trail
between Benld and Gillespie and at its southern end to a trail from Worden to
Staunton planned by the Madison County Transit District.

The committee hopes to develop the trail on the roadbed of the old Illinois
Traction System, a streetcar network that once served St. Louis and many
communities in southwestern and central Illinois.

"The (committee's) mission is to connect all the little communities of
southeastern Macoupin County," said Dr. Poonam Jain, committee president. "Our
immediate goal is to connect Staunton and Benld."

The Staunton-Benld trail was one of three high-priority projects recommended by
consultants in a trails and greenways plan developed for Macoupin County in
2002.

Jain said the project is a natural, as it would link the popular Gillespie-Benld
trail built in the late 1970s with an existing and extensive network of trails
in Madison County.

She said the Macoupin County Board supports the project and county government
will act as the committee's fiscal agent for expected future grants.

"We've seen what the trails have done in Madison County," County Board Chairman
Andy Manar said. "It's an issue of improving the quality of life and health, and
it has the potential for countywide impact."

Manar said southern Macoupin County is experiencing significant population
growth and that the proposed trail would add to its appeal.

Jain said she was one of about seven people who attended a meeting called by
Staunton Alderman Nelson Grman in the fall of 2005. The meeting led to
organization of the committee, which now has about 80 members.

Jain said there have been discussions with Norfolk Southern, which owns about 75
percent of the old rail right of way, and three other private landowners who own
the remaining 25 percent. She said land might be secured through purchase or
donation or easements, or some combination.

Meanwhile, Jain said, the committee is working on an application for a grant
from the Illinois Department of Natural Resources that would help with land
acquisition.

If all goes well, she said, land acquisition could begin as early as next
summer. Jain said the committee probably would seek a construction grant or
grants from the Illinois Department of Transportation or the Illinois Department
of Natural Resources.

Madison County Transit will soon request bids to build the 5.5-mile
Worden-to-Staunton Trail later this summer, said Jerry Kane, the district's
managing director. He said it should be finished by next summer.

A trailhead in Staunton was built with the help of grants from Macoupin County,
Robert Plummer and ConocoPhillips. Dedicated last month, it is located along the
old ITS right of way on property leased to the city for 50 years by Leroy Duda.

State Sen. Deanna Demuzio, D-Carlinville, said she's a strong supporter of the
ITS Trail project.

She and state Sen. Bill Haine, D-Alton, were co-sponsors of a bill that was
approved by both houses of the Legislature and awaits the governor's signature.

The legislation would allow Macoupin County, with voter approval, to join the
Metro East Park and Recreation District. The district was approved by voters of
Madison and St. Clair counties in 2000 to support parks, recreation and
preservation of natural lands. Its activities are funded by a one-tenth-cent
sales tax.

Demuzio said joining the district could provide another source of potential
funding for the ITS Trail and similar projects.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MAP
 MAP - Trails | Post-Dispatch

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              215 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                             April 23, 2007 Monday
                                 First Edition

Howard sits on $2.3bn election bounty;
Cash for key regional marginal electorates - Unspent allocations provide
spending firepower

BYLINE: Lenore Taylor National affairs writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 692 words


The Howard government has an estimated $2.3 billion available for pre-election
promises, even before it begins dipping into the expected $12 billion surplus in
the May budget.

The funding, contained in discretionary spending programs for electorally
sensitive areas such as regional and rural development, schools equipment and
water, was allocated in previous budgets. But the specific projects that will
benefit from it have not yet been revealed, leaving the way open for a plethora
of good news announcements in the lead up to the election later this year.
Spending money already allocated on new initiatives would help the government
counter perceptions that it risks fuelling inflation by eating into the cash
surplus, which was forecast in the mid-year budget update at almost $12 billion
this financial year and $10 billion in 2007-08.

Big ticket programs from which popular spending announcements can be made
include the $2 billion Australian Water Fund.

With water policy emerging as a critical election issue, $1.15 billion remains
available from the fund, from which a total of $853 million has already been
committed, according to an analysis by The Australian Financial Review. The
$1.15 billion is mostly earmarked for nationally significant water projects
under negotiation with the states. This is separate from the government's latest
$10 billion water plan, which is still in negotiation. There is also at least
$713 million yet to be allocated from the $1.1 billion Connect Australia fund,
announced during the negotiations to secure Senate support for the sale of
Telstra.

About $600 million from the broadband connect infrastructure program has been
earmarked for major national infrastructure projects that have yet to be
announced. Announcements are also due soon on who will receive another $113
million for new broadband networks to deliver health, education and other
essential services.

But government marginal seat-holders also put great store in smaller ticket
items, for which there are several pots of unallocated money. These include $190
million of unallocated money over the next four years in the regional
partnerships program and $26 million over the next two years in the sustainable
regions program.

The government overhauled the administration of both funds after allegations
they were used for pork-barrelling in the lead-up to the 2004 poll.

There is also about $27 million left in the national community crime prevention
program - providing commonwealth grants in an area that is otherwise a state
government responsibility. And after much pressure from the backbench, the
government recently announced an extra $181 million for the $1 billion Investing
in Our Schools program, which offers grants to government and non-government
schools for such things as air-conditioning and interactive whiteboards.

Money also remains in the popular community services programs, including $10
million in the volunteer small equipment grants scheme, which provides small
grants to community groups for items such as tea urns and dishwashers, and $29
million for the "local answers" program that provides grants to improve
parenting, volunteering and leadership skills.

The government is preparing major announcements for the AusLink 2 road and rail
package that will be unveiled in the budget and is expected to total about $19
billion.

It has allocated $2.3 billion to the controversial Goodna bypass in Brisbane,
while $345 million will be used to extend the black spot program.

As well as funding announcements, the government is likely to draw attention to
its past largesse, with a number of openings and ribbon-cuttings in the coming
months, for example, for some of the 50 family relationship centres slated to be
set up over the next two years.

WAR CHEST
The federal government's unallocated expenditure
Community crime prevention   $26.8m
Regional partnerships   $189.9m
Sustainable regions    $26.6m
Investing In Our Schools   $181m
Connect Australia    $713m
Volunteer small equipment grants  $10m
Families and Communities Local Answers $29m
Australian Water Fund   $1147m
Source: Federal government and Senate estimates hearings


LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2007 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              216 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  The Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 3, 2009 Monday

Local broadband project to seek stimulus funds

BYLINE: Dan Heath, The Press-Republican, Plattsburgh, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 564 words


Aug. 3--PLATTSBURGH -- A local broadband network under development will apply
for funding under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009.

CBN Connect Inc. is a private, nonprofit corporation working to build a
community broadband network in Clinton, Franklin and Essex counties.

Howard Lowe, director of the Technical Assistance Center at Plattsburgh State
and president of the corporation, said it plans to apply for between $25 million
and $40 million in stimulus funds.

That money could be in the form of grants, grant/loan combinations or loans from
$2.5 billion available from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Utilities
Service.

"That would allow us to build out the majority of the fiber-optic network we
have the design for," Lowe said.

CBN Connect is eligible to apply to that program because the area is more than
75 percent rural and lacks sufficient access to high-speed Internet that could
stimulate economic development.

In a news release, Sen. Charles Schumer urged localities to apply for the
funding. Applications are due by Aug. 14.

"The availability of broadband, in a world that is increasingly reliant on
high-speed, easily accessible Internet, is now more important than ever.

"Universal high-speed Internet access is critical to rebuilding rural economies,
like those in Upstate New York, as wireless networks enable entrepreneurship to
flourish and attract new types of cutting-edge, high-tech business."

Schumer also urged USDA Secretary Tom Vilsack to maximize the use of grants
rather than loans in funding projects, to avoid burdening those looking to
create broadband networks.

Lowe said CBN Connect is coordinating its application with the New York State
Office for Technology.

"I believe we have their support. We would reach a lot of underserved businesses
and organizations in our area."

Lowe was named to the New York State Council for Universal Broadband in 2007.
There, he has helped craft the state's strategy to achieve that goal, which is
focused on the opportunity presented through stimulus funding.

CBN Connect is a nearly 500-mile fiber-optic network with an estimated price of
$35 million.

It has already received more than $7.6 million in grants from the Federal
Communications Commission's Telemedicine Rural Health Care Pilot Program to
connect the Adirondack Champlain Telemedicine Information Network, a group of
seven hospitals and colleges.

The system would be open to Internet-service providers, who have supported the
idea. It would also support extension of cell-phone and wireless coverage
through the region.

Funding is expected to start being awarded no later than Sept. 30, 2010.
Projects that receive funding are expected to be complete within three years.

The project has had widespread support from community leaders from the start,
Lowe said.

"We're very excited about this opportunity. I think we're going to have a
competitive application."

E-mail Dan Heath at: dheath@pressrepublican.com

To see more of The Press-Republican or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.pressrepublican.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Press-Republican,
Plattsburgh, N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090803-ZI-Local-broadband-project-to-seek-stimulus-funds-0803

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZI


                                 Copyright 2009


                              217 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            October 24, 2014 Friday
                                  ALL EDITION

COUNTY UNVEILS $700K IN GRANTS;
TRAILS, PARKS IN SIX COMMUNITIES TO BENEFIT VIA PARC PROGRAM

BYLINE:  BILL NOVAK  bnovak@madison.com, 608-252-6483

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 335 words


Recreational trails and conservancy areas are important to the Dane County way
of life, and county officials are putting money behind it.

Almost $700,000 in grants from the Partners in Recreation and Conservation
(PARC) program are being proposed, benefiting about a half-dozen communities for
trails, park improvements and restoration efforts, County Executive Joe Parisi
announced on Thursday. Several would help with enhancing and connecting bike
trails, linking local projects with state trails.

Since PARC grants started in 2011, $3.2 million in county funds have been
awarded to local efforts to improve outdoor opportunities.

"Our trails, lakes and parks are such a key piece to the quality of life that
makes Dane County great," Parisi said in a statement. "The PARC program is
another reminder that when we partner and share resources, we get more done for
the community."

The Dane County Parks Commission recommended these PARC grants:

?$122,450 to Middleton for a 1.5-mile bike trail linking Pheasant Branch
Conservancy with Graber's Pond. The trail will eventually connect to the Highway
12 trail and be part of a regional system between Middleton and Governor Nelson
State Park.

?$169,708 to Belleville for a new trail between the Sugar River and Lake Belle
View, connecting to the Badger State Trail. Belleville also will get $75,000 for
a new shelter, restrooms and a rest stop for bicyclists using the Badger State
Trail.

? $122,000 for extensive prairie and oak restoration in the UW Arboretum south
of the Beltline.

?$80,000 for construction work done at splash parks in Elver and Reindahl parks.

? $45,000 for a two-mile trail linking Mazomanie and Wisconsin Heights High
School.

?$42,718 to McFarland for a trail within the Grand View Marsh Conservancy to
connect McFarland with the proposed Lower Yahara River regional trail, scheduled
to begin in the summer of 2015.

? $26,408 to Blue Mounds for improvements at Mounds View Park and a new patch to
connect the park with the state's Military Ridge Trail.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              218 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Tablelands Advertiser (Australia)

                            November 30, 2012 Friday
                                1 - MAIN Edition

Trio's talent shines over airwaves

BYLINE: Kylie Reghenzani

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 256  words


kylie.reghenzani@news.com.au

THIS trio of budding radio presenters are putting their talents to air.

Each week for the past year Tara Sharpe, William Snell and Hannah Snell
pre-record an hour program called Gen Z from the Mareeba studio of 92.3FM
Tableland Christian Radio Station.

The radio station, which formed in 2010, is run by a small band of volunteers to
bring informative and entertaining radio to connect communities across the
Tableland.

The station recently received a $2825 grant from a Federal Government 2012
Volunteer Grants program which issued a swag of grants to various not-for-profit
community organisations across the Tableland.

Celebrating the program's year on air this month, the group is urging residents
to tune into Gen Z.

Tara said her mother was a former radio announcer and she has picked up a
passion to connect through hope on air.

``We aim our program at the youth,'' Tara said.

``We talk about the issues of the day and wanted to engage with youth across the
region so this is what we decided to do.'' William said the trio catered their
program to various themes and with Christmas in a few weeks, their upcoming
program on air would fit around the festive season.

Hannah said the group also had fun on air while engaging listeners and were
always keen for feedback from the community.

``Everyone we tell is usually surprised to learn that we are on the radio,'' she
said.

``But we enjoy it and it's very exciting.''

Tune into Gen Z on 92.3FM each Friday night from 7pm. The program is re-played
on Sundays from 6pm.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CRA


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              219 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 1, 2016 Thursday

Long-Delayed City of Bridgeport Trail Project Receives Huge Boost as State
Awards City $560,000 Grant

LENGTH: 640  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Bridgeport has issued the following news release:



 The email came earlier this week requesting representatives from the City of
Bridgeport, and in particular the Parks and Recreation Department, to be on hand
Tuesday at the State Capital in Charleston and be guests of Gov. Earl Ray
Tomblin.





 The purpose of the gathering was to formally receive what is now being called
The Transportation Alternatives and Recreational Trails Grant programs.
Ironically, when the city was first awarded the grant in 2013, it was called a
Transportation Enhancement Act grant.



 In 2013, Bridgeport received an award of $200,000 that included the city's 20
percent match, to do a major expansion of the walking trail. As it turned out,
that grant that was awarded wasn't nearly enough to do the project that was
requested.



 "When we were awarded that grant several years ago we met with the DOT and it
became apparent real quick that the amount we requested would cover a third at
worst and one half at best of what we were trying to accomplish," said
Bridgeport Community Development Director Randy Spellman. "There wasn't much
action on it until a little more than a year ago when I was contacted from
Charleston and asked to submit another intent to apply request to perhaps get
more money."



 The goal was to be able to complete a new and substantial phase of Bridgeport's
walking trail. The trail for the grant would cover approximately 1,960 feet in
length and connect existing sidewalks. The connection would take place by way of
a pedestrian crosswalk near Foley Street and then go to the West Side of West
Virginia Route 58.The west side of State 58 will then connect the intersection
of State 58 and Brushy Fork Road. A second pedestrian crosswalk will be near the
Burnside Car Wash. This crosswalk will connect directly to the new Deegan Lake
Walking Trail.



 As it turned out, $200,000 wasn't nearly enough to cover it. That led to the
call from Charleston and Spellman subsequently calling Joe Shuttleworth, the
deputy director for Bridgeport P&R. Shuttleworth wrote the original grant and
wrote the revision and moved it forward.
  Until Monday, there was no word on whether the city was awarded anything. All
that was asked was that the city attend and Spellman, Shuttleworth and Parks
Director Don Burton made the trip for the presentation on behalf of the city.



 "We were anticipating getting a little bit more, but had no idea how much,"
said Burton. "Needless to say, it turned out better than any of us expected."



 Bridgeport was one of 54 community and infrastructure projects across the state
that received funding Monday.  More than $7 million was awarded under the
federal program administered by the State DOT.



 Here's the big news. Of the 54 community grants awarded, Bridgeport received
more than any other applicant. In fact, Bridgeport received $560,000 - nearly
three times the original grant more than three years ago.



 "I was pleasantly surprised; I think we all were," said Spellman. "We're
appreciative of the state's effort to allow us to fund this project fully."



 Burton said barring something unforeseen that this amount of funding should
cover all the costs. He said, like Spellman, he had no idea of the amount being
announced. At the same time, he said he was "pleased beyond belief" when the
announcement was made.



 "We have no complaints," Burton said with a smile. "We're actually close to 10
percent of the total funding that was awarded."



 With the funding just being announced, there was no timeline for construction,
bidding or design work. Stay tuned to Connect-Bridgeport for more details as
they develop on this project along South Virginia Avenue and State Route 58.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              220 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 1, 2016 Thursday

Long-Delayed City of Bridgeport Trail Project Receives Huge Boost as State
Awards City $560,000 Grant

LENGTH: 640  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Bridgeport has issued the following news release:



 The email came earlier this week requesting representatives from the City of
Bridgeport, and in particular the Parks and Recreation Department, to be on hand
Tuesday at the State Capital in Charleston and be guests of Gov. Earl Ray
Tomblin.





 The purpose of the gathering was to formally receive what is now being called
The Transportation Alternatives and Recreational Trails Grant programs.
Ironically, when the city was first awarded the grant in 2013, it was called a
Transportation Enhancement Act grant.



 In 2013, Bridgeport received an award of $200,000 that included the city's 20
percent match, to do a major expansion of the walking trail. As it turned out,
that grant that was awarded wasn't nearly enough to do the project that was
requested.



 "When we were awarded that grant several years ago we met with the DOT and it
became apparent real quick that the amount we requested would cover a third at
worst and one half at best of what we were trying to accomplish," said
Bridgeport Community Development Director Randy Spellman. "There wasn't much
action on it until a little more than a year ago when I was contacted from
Charleston and asked to submit another intent to apply request to perhaps get
more money."



 The goal was to be able to complete a new and substantial phase of Bridgeport's
walking trail. The trail for the grant would cover approximately 1,960 feet in
length and connect existing sidewalks. The connection would take place by way of
a pedestrian crosswalk near Foley Street and then go to the West Side of West
Virginia Route 58.The west side of State 58 will then connect the intersection
of State 58 and Brushy Fork Road. A second pedestrian crosswalk will be near the
Burnside Car Wash. This crosswalk will connect directly to the new Deegan Lake
Walking Trail.



 As it turned out, $200,000 wasn't nearly enough to cover it. That led to the
call from Charleston and Spellman subsequently calling Joe Shuttleworth, the
deputy director for Bridgeport P&R. Shuttleworth wrote the original grant and
wrote the revision and moved it forward.
  Until Monday, there was no word on whether the city was awarded anything. All
that was asked was that the city attend and Spellman, Shuttleworth and Parks
Director Don Burton made the trip for the presentation on behalf of the city.



 "We were anticipating getting a little bit more, but had no idea how much,"
said Burton. "Needless to say, it turned out better than any of us expected."



 Bridgeport was one of 54 community and infrastructure projects across the state
that received funding Monday.  More than $7 million was awarded under the
federal program administered by the State DOT.



 Here's the big news. Of the 54 community grants awarded, Bridgeport received
more than any other applicant. In fact, Bridgeport received $560,000 - nearly
three times the original grant more than three years ago.



 "I was pleasantly surprised; I think we all were," said Spellman. "We're
appreciative of the state's effort to allow us to fund this project fully."



 Burton said barring something unforeseen that this amount of funding should
cover all the costs. He said, like Spellman, he had no idea of the amount being
announced. At the same time, he said he was "pleased beyond belief" when the
announcement was made.



 "We have no complaints," Burton said with a smile. "We're actually close to 10
percent of the total funding that was awarded."



 With the funding just being announced, there was no timeline for construction,
bidding or design work. Stay tuned to Connect-Bridgeport for more details as
they develop on this project along South Virginia Avenue and State Route 58.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              221 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Canterbury Bankstown Express (Australia)

                             July 27, 2010 Tuesday
                             1 - Main Book Edition

BRIEFLY

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 159  words


Project grants

FIVE projects have been given more than $365,000 worth of State Government
grants. Recipients were the Greenacre Communities Connect Project ($73,092 for
two years), Community Participation Project for Bankstown Chinese community and
people with disabilities ($48,820), Imagine Bankstown social cohesion project
($99,446), Handing it Down ($76,100), and the Connect Participate arts project
($68,400).

Women only

A WOMEN'S only multicultural bazaar will be held at Lakemba on Saturday. Stalls
selling dresses, jewellery, shoes and food will be at the corner of The
Boulevarde and Haldon St, from 1pm to 8pm.

Padstow branch

AUSTRALIAN Red Cross's Padstow branch will meet at Padstow RSL Club on Monday at
Padstow RSL Club from 11am. Details: 9774 2635.

Cake decoration

LEARN how to adorn cakes for all occasions at a cake-decorating class starting
on Monday at Chester Hill Neighbourhood Centre, 10am to noon. Cost is $5 a
session. Details: 9646 3700.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CBX


                   Copyright 2010 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              222 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            October 4, 2005 Tuesday

Oktaha gets broadband grant from federal government

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 99 words


Gold Tower LLC has been awarded a U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural
Development broadband grant for service in Oktaha.

The grant will be used to provide broadband Internet services for the school,
city hall and community center in Oktaha, located on U.S. Highway 69 between
Muskogee and Checotah.

Oktaha's grant was included in $9 million awarded to 19 communities. The funds
will connect community facilities in rural towns and communities where no
broadband services currently exist.

The 19 grants were selected from 111 community connect applications received
this year.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                              223 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Brunswick News (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 27, 2011 Monday

Pedalling toward a Coastal Greenway

BYLINE: Anna Ferguson Hall, The Brunswick News, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 766 words


June 27--The Coastal Georgia Greenway is one step closer to becoming a reality.

The planned 155-mile cycling trail connecting six coastal Georgia counties is
peddling along at a quick pace, with new grant funding and a new Close the Gap
campaign.

"People are rallying around this project and we are seeing them step up to
support it," said Jo Claire Hickson, chairperson of the board of Coastal Georgia
Greenway.

That support has come by way of additional grant funding in recent days.

The initiative recently received a $250,000 Coastal Incentive grant for the
campaign, which will be used to construct a trail stretching from the planned
Jekyll Island bike path extension, over the Sidney Lanier Bridge, to Howard
Coffin and Oglethorpe parks in Brunswick.

A separate Transportation Enhancement grant for $250,000 was awarded last month
to the Jekyll Island Authority for construction of a 5-mile bike path along the
Downing Musgrove Causeway. That trail will connect the island's existing bike
route to U.S. 17.

With the new Close the Gap campaign and ensuing Coastal Incentive grant, a
2.5-mile trail will be constructed to connect the Jekyll Island stretch of the
Greenway to the base of the Sidney Lanier Bridge. A second 1-mile Brunswick
segment of the Greenway is slated to connect the trail to Liberty Harbor, but
funding for that section has not yet been secured, although the pathway has been
designed by the Georgia Department of Natural Resources Coastal Resources
Division.

Construction on the new Jekyll pathway extension and Brunswick connector trails
is planned to begin this fall, Hickson said.

Future plans also call for connecting the Greenway all the way from existing
bike trails on St. Simons Island to the Brunswick and Jekyll portion of trails,
said Hickson.

"There are already 20-plus miles of trails on both St. Simons and Jekyll Island,
and connecting them would be wonderful for avid cyclists," Hickson said. "They
can just zip all along the coast."

Since the coastal biking mission launched in 2000, communities involved in the
project have been overwhelming enthusiastic about promoting and advancing the
idea, Hickson said. In the 11 years since the initiative first started, about 8
percent of the total project has been added in different segments, totaling
about 25 miles.

The project is part of -- and will be connected with -- a host of other trails,
including the Rails-to-Trails path in Woodbine and Island Hopper trail in
Darien. All the to-be connected coastal bike trails are under the Coastal
Georgia Greenway umbrella.

The potential that one connected, continuous bike route, from South Carolina,
through Georgia and into Florida, could have on the community is tremendous,"
Hickson said.

If the project goes as planned, by 2020, the Coastal Georgia Greenway will
connect with the 450-mile East Coast Greenway, which stretched from South
Carolina to Florida, along various north-south routes, including the U.S. 17
corridor, abandoned rail corridors, and historic canal corridors.

Overall, the project should have major tourism and economic impacts on the
communities through which the trails run, Hickson said.

In its first year, the completed 155-mile Coastal Georgia Greenway will generate
about $8.1 million in local business, 133 new jobs and $2.8 million in labor
income. By 2025, the trails will create $17.5 million in increase business
revenue, 286 new jobs and $5.9 million in labor income, Hickson said.

Aside from revenue, the trails also will have an impact on home prices, raising
property values for homes adjacent to the trails, Hickson said.

"This is a huge economic engine," Hickson said. "Communities are quick to cash
in on this idea. In other areas, it has proven to bring in new destination
activity and dedicated tourists. Both serious cyclists, as well as new riders,
are apt to get involved. It's a concept encompassing every demographic."

The Jekyll Island Authority certainly was, said Eric Garvey, chief
communications officer for the authority. Having the train connect the island
with the mainland and other area tourist destinations is nothing but a good
thing.

"We are very strong supporters of the greenway," Garvey said. "It is a great
concept, and we can't wait to see it reach its full potential."

To see more of The Brunswick News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thebrunswicknews.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Brunswick News, Ga.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110627-GE-Pedalling-toward-a-Coastal-Greenway-0627-20110627

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GE


                       Copyright 2011 The Brunswick News


                              224 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                            March 1, 2006 Wednesday

Grant will bring water service to rural Cass

BYLINE: TIM LANDIS BUSINESS EDITOR

SECTION: MARKETPLACE; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 493 words

DATELINE: VIRGINIA


A $1.8 million federal grant and loan package announced Tuesday should bring
water service to approximately 90 customers in rural Cass County by the fall of
2007.

Backers said it is the first phase of a project that eventually could bring
water lines to thousands of rural users.

The nearly $1.336 million grant and $468,000 loan to the Cass Rural Water
District was announced by U.S. Rep. Ray LaHood, R-Peoria. The money is through
the U.S. Department of Agriculture rural development program.

LaHood spokesman Tim Butler said the project was first discussed at a meeting
with local officials in 1996.

"It's a big number, but it costs a lot of money to construct these water
systems. It's one of the reasons that we go to bat for the smaller communities.
They really don't have the money," Butler said.

He said the loan would be repaid in 40 years, adding that it is unusual for the
federal government to offer such a combination of grants and loans.

"It's a pretty significant grant. Usually, the loan is bigger than the grant,"
Butler said.

The package announced Tuesday is the latest in a series of state and federal
grants for a project that is scheduled to connect the water supplies of
Virginia, Ashland and Chandlerville, and perhaps other smaller communities.

Virginia previously received $750,000 in federal funding to build a
water-treatment plant to serve the system.

Jeff Cosner, chairman of the Cass Rural Water District, said the first 90
customers between Virginia and Ashland paid $250 to sign up and will pay another
$250 to connect to the water system.

"If everything falls into place ... we possibly will be letting bids in 2006. We
would like to be operational by October 2007," he said.

Cosner said many rural residents still rely on well water, but that can be
unreliable as growth spreads into the county. He added that, even now, a dry
winter is forcing some residents to haul water.

"It will do nothing but spur rural development to get clean, treated water out
in the country," he said.

Cass County Board Chairman H.O. Brownback agreed $1.8 million to extend water
lines to approximately 90 customers sounds like an expensive start. But he said
the investment would pay dividends in the long run through clean water and
economic development.

"It sounds like a boondoggle for that much, but the fact of the matter is, it's
going to bring high-quality water to thousands of customers in eastern Cass
County," said Brownback, who has served on the county board for more than two
decades.

The county has a population of approximately 14,000.

Brownback said the rural water system also would help the county take advantage
of the tourism, recreation and outdoor activities at the Jim Edgar Panther Creek
State Fish and Wildlife Area.

"Without rural water in and around that area, we're never going to get the real
value out of Jim Edgar Panther Creek in terms of the private-sector investment
and in terms of job creation," Brownback said.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LOCAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The State Journal-Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              225 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           November 8, 2014 Saturday

Letter Box

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 831 words


Getting the most
out of your library

Editor of the Reformer:

Recently, Dover Free Library conducted a survey to better understand how our
community uses and benefits from free access to computers and the Internet at
the library. The library offers 16 computers, wireless Internet, and assistance
for all members of our community. Of the survey respondents who reported
visiting the library in the past year, 94 percent used a public access computer
or the library's wireless network during their visits.

Highlights from the survey include: 29 percent of public technology users
indicated they had used public access technology for employment needs. 18
percent of users searched for a job online. 12 percent applied for a job by
submitting a resume or filling out an online job application; 18 percent of
public technology users used public technology for educational activities. 12
percent of users completed coursework or homework using public access
technology; 35 percent of public technology users used library technology to get
information on health and wellness topics. 18 percent of users reported learning
about diet or nutrition; of those, 100 percent made a change to their diet; and
35 percent of public technology users reported using library resources to stay
in touch with family and friends and to build and maintain social networks.

Sixty-five percent of public access technology users also received help from a
librarian when using the computers or Internet at the library. Of those users,
91 percent have access to the Internet at home, school, or work but still choose
to use the library's technology. This shows the library offers critical
resources and services even as people increasingly have their own Internet
connections and devices.

These are only a few of the impacts from the library's technology access and
training. The future of our community depends on Dover Free Library's ability to
sustain the quality technology services that provide opportunities for all
people. Let's make sure our library gets the support it needs to make this
happen. Visit Dover Free Library to see how you can help.

John Flores,

Library Director, Dover Free Library, Oct. 21

Connecting people
to healthy food

Editor of the Reformer:

On July 1, both Brattleboro Area Prevention Coalition and Deerfield Valley
Community Partnership received three-year Combined Community Prevention Grants
from the Vermont Department of Health to improve access to healthy foods in the
Brattleboro area and Deerfield Valley. Both groups are subcontracting with Food
Connects. BAPC also received funding to improve conditions for walking and
biking in Brattleboro and is subcontracting with Local Motion. The overarching
goal of these grants is to impact the incidence of obesity and chronic disease,
by making it easier for residents of these communities to access nutritious
foods and participate in routine physical activity.

Food Connects is a local non-profit whose mission is to cultivate healthy food
and farm connections in classrooms, cafeterias and communities in the Windham
County area. Through this grant, they are: Developing a Regional Food Policy
Council to identify policies and strategies to increase local food access;
working directly with 10 local institutions to build capacity to purchase,
process and serve local food products; and strengthening Farm to School efforts
in Wilmington, Whitingham, Halifax, Readsboro, and Stamford Schools.

Local Motion, a Burlington-based bicycle and pedestrian advocacy nonprofit, has
been working with the Brattleboro Safe Streets project to educate all users of
the road about their rights and responsibilities to stay safe. During the first
grant year, Local Motion will be: Collecting in-depth crash data to help
identify trouble spots; researching effective strategies for improving safety in
small rural towns; and developing a tool that will assist the town of
Brattleboro to evaluate and prioritize options for bicycling and walking
improvements, when opportunities arise.

All of this work will be supported by an Action Team that will provide guidance
on grant activities, inform the public, and seek citizen feedback on the work
being done. For more information or to get involved please contact Katherine
Jandernoa of Food Connects by emailing katherine@foodconnects.org or calling
802-579-1082.

Kathleen White,

Vermont Department of Health, Brattleboro, Oct. 24

Mourning a
graceful dancer

Editor of The Reformer:

It is always especially sorrowful when somebody younger than I dies. Such it was
with Will Fielding, whose untimely death was reported on Nov. 3. I knew Will as
a Morris dancer; he was such a graceful dancer that I knew there was no point in
aspiring to his level. All I could do was admire. One thing, especially, that he
said about his approach has remained with me. He said to pay attention to the
pauses between the steps of the dance. Don't anticipate the next step. Make the
pause a part of the dance.

John S. Warren,

Dummerston, Nov. 5

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              226 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Nyngan Observer

                                 June 26, 2013

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 276  words


Australia Post recently launched its new community program - Our Neighbourhood
with the announcement of a national grants program.

Grants of between $1000 and $25,000 are available for registered charities and
community organisations in western New South Wales to support their local
projects.

Australia Post is calling for organisations to submit their applications for an
Our Neighbourhood Community Grant before the closing date of Friday June 28
2013.

Grants will be awarded to organisations with projects that help connect
communities and foster inclusion across Australian neighbourhoods.

Australia Post plays an essential role in connecting Australian neighbourhoods
and understands the importance of investing at a grass roots level.

'We want to provide people with the financial support, tools and resources that
will assist them in building healthier, more vibrant and inclusive communities.
These grants are just one initiative of a broader plan to further support
Australian neighbourhoods and get them to connect with each other,' said Mr
Ahmed Fahour, Australia Post Managing Director and CEO.

The Our Neighbourhood program provides opportunities for people from varying
backgrounds and communities.

With a focus on local, it will also extend to regional and remote, the
disadvantaged, culturally diverse individuals and communities and small
business.

The Our Neighbourhood Community Grants applications are now open and will close
on Friday, June 28 at 5pm.

To apply for an Our Neighbourhood Community Grant - say hello, and to find out
more visit www.ourneighbourhood.com.au or pick up an application kit at any
Australia Post retail outlet.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2013 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              227 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 13, 2016 Thursday

New Federal Grants Boost Transit Oriented Development Planning

LENGTH: 487  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC: American Planning Association has issued the following news
release



 One of the positive innovations in recent federal transportation law has been
the creation of a pilot program to fund transit oriented development (TOD)
planning. This Federal Transit Administration initiative was established in
MAP-21 and continued in the recently enacted FAST Act.





 This week FTA announced $14.7 million in new TOD planning grants. This year's
funding supports 16 grants in cities and regions around the country.



 The goal of the program is to support comprehensive planning efforts that
integrate land use and transportation in areas receiving federal support for new
or expanded transit. In addition to the goals of helping communities improve
access to transit and encourage economic development, the program also aims to
advance social equity concerns.



 According to U.S. DOT, the grants are intended "to encourage inclusive
communities and seek planning solutions to reduce residential and commercial
displacement."



 In announcing the grants, U.S. Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx said, "The
Obama Administration is proud to partner with forward-leaning communities with
plans to develop around transit options that connect hardworking families to
jobs, education, and opportunity."



 Among the projects supported by the new grants are:



     Efforts in Phoenix to plan for additional development and improved
pedestrian and bicycle infrastructure in the South Central Light Rail Transit
Extension corridor while preserving nearby housing affordability and established
small businesses;

     Work in Albuquerque, New Mexico, to develop a planning vision for the
corridor along the planned University Boulevard Bus Rapid Transit project. The
diverse corridor is New Mexico's educational and health care center and will
intersect with the new Albuquerque Rapid Transit project along Central Avenue;

     Planning in the St. Louis region to ensure that diverse populations can
benefit from a proposed 17-mile, 28-station Metro Link light rail line that will
connect downtown St. Louis with the city's northern and southern limits
encompassing some areas of historic disinvestment.



 In addition to the release of the planning grants, a new report on equity and
TOD planning was also released this week: "Advancing Equitable TOD through
Community Partnerships and Public Sector Leadership."



 The report, authored by Mariia Zimmerman of MZ Strategies and funded by the
Ford Foundation, spotlights strategies being used in four regions to create more
inclusive communities near transit, and discusses federal tools available to
support development of transit real estate assets for affordable housing.



 Top image: Rendering of proposed St. Louis Metro Link light rail station from
2008 planning report.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              228 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            January 26, 2016 Tuesday

Grant will help safety-net clinics use electronic health records

BYLINE: Sarah Terry-Cobo

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 483  words


OKLAHOMA CITY - Pam Cross-Cupit's organization received a $25,000 grant that
will improve electronic health records for eight clinics in the Oklahoma City
metro. The Health Alliance for the Uninsured executive director said upgrading
the system will lead to better health care and could reduce unnecessary trips to
the emergency department. The advances will also allow clinics to more reliably
contact patients, she said.

Cross-Cupit's organization acts as an intermediary to connect safety-net clinics
with specialty care providers. The goal is to provide access to medical services
and to improve care for uninsured patients. She received the money from the
Oklahoma City Community Foundation's iFund Health Care grant program.

The project expands the partner clinics' existing electronic health record
system. It will allow them to share medical information with one another, as
well as connect to area hospitals.

The grant provides funding for training so the staff at safety-net clinics knows
how to search for data, Cross-Cupit said.

"There is nothing worse than having a powerful system and not being able to use
it," she said.

Crossings Community Clinic Medical Director Dr. Rose Sloat said the improved
system will allow her to see trends in a patient's health data, such as blood
sugar levels.

That should streamline services, she said. If a partner hospital offers free
mammograms to her patients, she will be able to easily search the new system to
find who meets the criteria. Now, clinic employees must check each patient's
chart individually, which is time-consuming for the all-volunteer staff.
Crossings Community Clinic recorded about 6,700 patient visits in 2015.

If a patient visits the emergency room between visits, the new system will allow
Sloat to connect to that hospital's records and see how the person's medications
were changed. Now she requests those records and it can take a day or more to
receive the information. Consistent medication management can reduce the need to
visit the ER again, she said.

Another upgrade will develop a text messaging system to contact patients for
appointment reminders. Text alerts are more reliable than reminder calls, Sloat
said. Many of her patients have pre-paid cellphone plans that have a limited
amount of cell minutes, but a nearly unlimited amount of text messages. Patients
are more likely to show up for appointments if the clinic can successfully
contact them, she said.

Sloat said she's glad the Health Alliance for the Uninsured can get the grant
and help its partner clinics, not just hers.

"If just Crossings got better electronic medical records, that would help us out
a lot," Sloat said. "But we couldn't have the same buying power as the Health
Alliance does for all eight clinics. "

http://www.journalrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2016 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              229 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 19, 2016 Friday

Utah: Community Foundation for Southeast Michigan Awards $2 Million

LENGTH: 399  words

DATELINE: New York



 Salt Lake City: Foundation Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:


 Twenty grants were awarded through the foundation's Healthy Food Connect
program, a two-year regional funding initiative that seeks to connect children
and seniors in the region to people, programs, and services working to ensure
they have healthy food options every day. To that end, the program provides two
different levels of funding -- Leadership grants of up to $200,000 in support of
large-scale programs with the potential to have systemic impact, and Local
Impact grants of up to $75,000 in support of projects with a more modest reach
or that test new ideas.


 Recipients of Leadership grants include the Central Detroit Christian Community
Development Corp., which was awarded $135,000 in support of its efforts to
expand and coordinate the sale of affordable healthy food in fresh food pop-up
markets in the region; Elder Law of Michigan, which will receive $200,000 for an
integrated system designed to improve participation among eligible seniors in
food assistance programs; and Food Gatherers, which was awarded $200,000for a
program designed to boost access to surplus fresh produce among low-income youth
and seniors in Washtenaw County.
 Recipients of Local Impact grants include the Coalition on Temporary Shelter,
which was awarded $75,000 in support of a program that provides a fine dining
experience featuring locally grown and healthfully prepared foods and nutrition
education to homeless children and their parents; Detroit Friendship House Inc.,
which will receive $31,000 to provide access to healthy produce to children from
diverse backgrounds through a community garden in Hamtramck; and Greening of
Detroit, which was awarded $75,000 to create community gardens at public housing
developments in the Detroit metro area.
 "We are pleased to support a diverse group of nonprofit organizations in
pooling their collective expertise and resources to make a difference in the
lives of children and seniors," said CFSEM president Mariam C. Noland. "This is
one of the largest regional healthy food access initiatives ever undertaken in
southeast Michigan, and we believe it is going to have an impact on our youngest
and oldest residents for years to come."




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              230 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                            February 17, 2013 Sunday

NMCOG, communities land state grants

BYLINE: By Allison Thomasseau, Sun Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 564 words


Lowell-area towns and government groups have received more than $150,000 in
community development grants to develop regional collaborations that will
promote efficiency in transportation and stormwater management.

The state Executive Office of Administration and Finance's community innovation
challenge grants provided $2.25 million to 27 regional community projects
statewide. The projects, involving 162 towns, aim to combine town services, such
as 911 dispatching and property assessing services, into a regional
collaboration.

"Whether you're in a small town in a rural area or a big city in a metropolitan
area, there are ways to partner, and these grants build on that," Lt. Gov. Tim
Murray said at a meeting of 75 grant recipients on Tuesday.

The North Middlesex Council of Governments, a regional planning agency serving
Greater Lowell, received a $98,000 grant to start a storm water education and
management program.

Under the collaborative, cities and towns invest in their own infrastructure,
but work with nearby towns to coordinate their efforts and public education
campaigns.

"The biggest impact is going to be cost savings," said Jay Donovan, assistant
director of the council. "Cities and towns won't have to run their own programs,
and we'll have a regional focus on how to deal with storm water."

Stormwater management costs the North Middlesex region about $1.9 billion
annually, but new U.S. Environmental Protection Agency regulations mean costs
could increase.

The North Middlesex Council of Governments estimates the collaborative could
save $285,000 to $570,000 annually.

In another grant, Acton, along with six surrounding towns, including Westford,
received a $60,000 to launch a regional transportation association.

Acton will receive the grant to work with other municipal partners to
consolidate commuter transportation, such as van service, that overlaps in each
town.

"We're trying to share transportation resources, and the money will help us
bridge the two different (regional transportation authorities) by considering
establishing a transit management association," Westford Town Manager Jodi Ross
said.

Last year, these communities received an $184,575 innovation grant to study the
benefits of sharing the transportation. This year's grant will put those
findings into action.

"We're trying to be more effective in how we provide transportation to our
residents," Ross said.

The grant program awarded $4 million in 2012, its first year, to 27 community
projects. It was created to establish partnerships between the local and state
government to promote economic innovation and growth.

State budget cuts decreased funding this year; most grant applicants did not
receive the full funding they requested. The projects received enough to cover
initial start-up costs, and but will need to find other funding to continue
operating.

Pam Kocher, administration and finance's director of local policy, said the
committee looked for programs with a wide appeal.

"We were looking for projects with a potential to be useful to other
communities," she said.

Kocher said Boston's Citizens Connect smartphone app, which was launched in 2009
with innovation grant money, is the type of idea the office was looking for.
Citizen's Connect lets residents report neighborhood issues, such as potholes,
and is now used in 35 Massachusetts communities, including Ayer and Fitchburg.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              231 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Gloucestershire Echo

                              March 1, 2010 Monday

Cheltenham 'inspiration' up for pride of Gloucestershire award

SECTION: Pg. 24

LENGTH: 307 words


By Dan CHARLES

A WOMAN who has "single- handedly inspired south Cheltenham to come together"
has been nominated for a Pride of Gloucestershire award.

Wendy Ellyatt, of Ashford Road, founded the Cheltenham Connect group nine months
ago in a bid to strengthen community ties.

Her work has not gone unnoticed and group member Belinda Wilson has put her
forward for the Local Hero category of the awards.

She said: "She has single-handedly inspired the community of south Cheltenham to
come together and work towards a greener, happier and more sustainable future,
through her enthusiasm and can-do attitude.

"I'm sure she will be very modest in accepting the nomination but Cheltenham
Connect was her vision so she deserves it."

During 2009 Wendy was an active member of the St Philips and St James'
Residents' Association, being creative director for the south Cheltenham History
Exhibition.

She was also a member of the team which worked to help renovate the Norwood
Triangle, in Leckhampton, which received a £43,000 National Lottery grant.

Wendy said that she was pleased to be nominated but added it was more for the
group than for her.

She said: "I am delighted, it's great, but I am pleased that it is bringing more
awareness to Cheltenham Connect.

"We are looking to expand into other areas and hopefully we can do this now."

She has a background as a strategic development consultant but is also known as
a writer and consultant in Early Years Education.

But it is her work with Cheltenham Connect that has seen her emerge for the
Pride of Gloucestershire award.

During 2009, the group received a £4,000 Community Pride Grant from Cheltenham
Borough Council and ran several events, including an Auction of Promises which
raised £2,270.

Wendy said: "I would obviously be delighted to win but it would be more a
victory for the group rather than for me."

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 32


                      Copyright 2010 Gloucestershire Echo
                              All Rights Reserved


                              232 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Times (Kigali)

                               December 15, 2015

Young African Leaders Challenged to Utilise Skills to Develop Communities

BYLINE: Theogene Nsengimana

LENGTH: 437 words


Young African leaders who attended the one-week Young African Leaders Initiative
(YALI) connect camp in Kigali have been urged to utilise the acquired skills to
develop their communities.

They were challenged by Erica J. Barks-Ruggles, the US ambassador to Rwanda, who
closed the camp on Friday.

"I know all of you are busy with their development agenda. As YALI fellows, YALI
camp is meant to be a programme that helps to connect Alumni with people who
need mentorship to improve their developments, and generate ideas that pitch
funding. You need to use the skills you gathered from the camp to generate ideas
that will develop pitch community development," She said.

The YALI connect camps are regional week-long workshops that offer alumni an
opportunity to share and advance their professional skills and networks with
other young leaders in their communities.

Redempta Batete, a Rwandan who participated in the 2015 Kigali YALI connect
camp, committed to utilise the skills she acquired from the camp to strive for
social development.

"During the camp, I got a clear meaning of leadership. After realising that
there is something I can do to help in social development, I will utilise my
skills to develop an awareness scheme on human rights through the media," She
said.

Jeff Boundamas, the associate manager of J&D Consulting Ltd in Gabon, said the
camp helped him to realise the potential of African youth.

"I have realised that what we need to tap the potential in our youth is capacity
building. There is a need to empower our youth through mentorship so that we can
be able to find solutions ourselves to our own problems," he said.

Dr Yusuf Kalyango, an associate professor and director of the institute for
international journalism at Ohio University's Scripps College of Communication,
said the YALI regional connect camps are meant to give young and future African
leaders the opportunity to collaborate, learn and interact with US and African
experts and with each other.

This helps them develop innovative strategies for civic leadership and community
outreach; and to further their professional development and capacity building
through mentoring, networking and low bandwidth technology and open educational
resources.

The camps also seek to demonstrate community-oriented enterprises that apply
technology to support innovative community development, entrepreneurship, civic
leadership and public management.

The YALI connect camps are funded by a grant from the US Department of State's
Bureau of Education and Cultural Affairs, and administered by the institute for
International Journalism (IIJ)at Ohio University.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              233 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           November 9, 2006 Thursday
                                 State Edition

USDA awards grants for distance technology

SECTION: Pg. B5

LENGTH: 320 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


Nine schools, health care providers and community centers from across the state
Wednesday were awarded federal grants to improve distance learning and
telemedicine in Maine.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture grants, announced at the Broadband Symposium
held Wednesday at the Spectacular Event Center, are designed to encourage and
improve education and medical services in rural areas through
telecommunications, computer networks and advanced technologies.

The following organizations applied for and won grants for telemedicine:

.  Eastern Maine Medical Center in Bangor, $500,000 for an electronic system
that will allow doctors to view intensive care patients in rural areas and
participate in their care and monitoring.

.  Eastern Maine Healthcare Services, $259,857 for distance learning, distance
medical services and new equipment for educational programs.

.  Community Health and Counseling Services based in Bangor, $434,409 for home
video and health monitors to connect hospitals to clients in rural areas.

.  Regional Medical Center at Lubec Inc., $461,369 for telepharmacy services,
home care patient video stations, clinical education and case management
services.

.  Central Maine Medical Center in Lewiston, $127,900 for equipment purchases to
expand its existing distance learning technology program.

.  Kno-Wal-Lin Home Care and Hospice Inc., which serves Knox, Waldo and Lincoln
counties, $60,000 for home video and health monitors to connect hospitals to
patients in rural areas.

The following organizations applied for and won grants for distance learning:

.  Millinocket school department, $350,881 to install videoconferencing units
for distance learning and telemedicine services.

.  Jay school department, $454,079 for videoconferencing units for student and
staff use.

.  Cobscook Community Learning Center in Lubec, $249,965 for Web-based
education, videoconferencing units, and computer equipment upgrades.

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Bangor Daily News


                              234 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Sun Journal (New Bern, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 21, 2011 Thursday

City grants easement for fiber optics line

BYLINE: Eddie Fitzgerald, Sun Journal, New Bern, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 926 words


July 21--City grants easement for fiber optics line

By EDDIE FITZGERALD

Sun Journal Staff

New Bern aldermen agreed Tuesday evening to allow an easement through Lawson
Creek Park for a company to install fiber optics under the Trent River.

MCNC, an independent nonprofit organization based in Research Triangle Park, is
laying fiber optics in the area as part of a project that will eventually reach
Morehead City. The company provides advanced networked technology services to
all 3 million public education students from kindergarten to universities in
North Carolina.

MCNC operates the North Carolina Research and Education Network, which also
allows students to connect to each other, to national and international
education and research assets, and to other students around the globe.

MCNC was awarded a grant from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 20O9
to expand the network. The grant will fund the engineering and construction of
about 500 miles of new fiber optics in rural southeastern and western North
Carolina, according to a letter from the company to the city manager.

The new fiber optic cable will be used to connect universities, community
colleges, schools, libraries and county government networks to the existing
North Carolina Research and Education Network.

The work in New Bern is part of a $39.99 million network of mostly buried fiber
optic cable.

Mark Trail, the city's information technology manager, said the fiber optics
would also serve as a backup for the city. New Bern has a 36-strand fiber optic
cable under the Trent River near the rail road trestle.

MCNC plans to lay fiber optics beside Lawson Creek Park Road, to the boat ramps,
under the river and beside Howell Road. The fiber optics will come in the city
beside U.S. 70 and follow First Street into Country Club Road before entering
Lawson Creek Park.

Trail said the project would save the city $200,000 because in the future MCNC
will assist with the placement of fiber optics across its planned Trent River
bore for use by the city.

It would have been good to have that redundancy a week ago when a squirrel bit
through the fiber optics near the Trent River and knocked out service to the
county schools and city fire department for four days, Trail said.

According to a letter from MCNC to the city manager, the company will provide
services to New Bern at reduced rates for service it delivers out Craven
Community College.

It should take about four to six weeks before the city has the new fiber optics
and about 18 months for the project to be completed statewide, Trail said.

Eddie Fitzgerald can be reached at 252-635-5675 or at efitzgerald@freedomenc.com

New Bern aldermen agreed Tuesday evening to allow an easement through Lawson
Creek Park for a company to install fiber optics under the Trent River.

MCNC, an independent nonprofit organization based in Research Triangle Park, is
laying fiber optics in the area as part of a project that will eventually reach
Morehead City. The company provides advanced networked technology services to
all 3 million public education students from kindergarten to universities in
North Carolina.

MCNC operates the North Carolina Research and Education Network, which also
allows students to connect to each other, to national and international
education and research assets, and to other students around the globe.

MCNC was awarded a grant from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 20O9
to expand the network. The grant will fund the engineering and construction of
about 500 miles of new fiber optics in rural southeastern and western North
Carolina, according to a letter from the company to the city manager.

The new fiber optic cable will be used to connect universities, community
colleges, schools, libraries and county government networks to the existing
North Carolina Research and Education Network.

The work in New Bern is part of a $39.99 million network of mostly buried fiber
optic cable.

Mark Trail, the city's information technology manager, said the fiber optics
would also serve as a backup for the city. New Bern has a 36-strand fiber optic
cable under the Trent River near the rail road trestle.

MCNC plans to lay fiber optics beside Lawson Creek Park Road, to the boat ramps,
under the river and beside Howell Road. The fiber optics will come in the city
beside U.S. 70 and follow First Street into Country Club Road before entering
Lawson Creek Park.

Trail said the project would save the city $200,000 because in the future MCNC
will assist with the placement of fiber optics across its planned Trent River
bore for use by the city.

It would have been good to have that redundancy a week ago when a squirrel bit
through the fiber optics near the Trent River and knocked out service to the
county schools and city fire department for four days, Trail said.

According to a letter from MCNC to the city manager, the company will provide
services to New Bern at reduced rates for service it delivers out Craven
Community College.

It should take about four to six weeks before the city has the new fiber optics
and about 18 months for the project to be completed statewide, Trail said.

Eddie Fitzgerald can be reached at 252-635-5675 or at efitzgerald@freedomenc.com

To see more of the Sun Journal or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.newbernsunjournal.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Sun Journal, New Bern,
N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110721-NS-City-grants-easement-for-fiber-optics-line-0721-20110721

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NS


                           Copyright 2011 Sun Journal


                              235 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Sun Journal (New Bern, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            July 20, 2011 Wednesday

City grants easement for fiber optics line

BYLINE: Eddie Fitzgerald, Sun Journal, New Bern, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 926 words


July 20--City grants easement for fiber optics line

By EDDIE FITZGERALD

Sun Journal Staff

New Bern aldermen agreed Tuesday evening to allow an easement through Lawson
Creek Park for a company to install fiber optics under the Trent River.

MCNC, an independent nonprofit organization based in Research Triangle Park, is
laying fiber optics in the area as part of a project that will eventually reach
Morehead City. The company provides advanced networked technology services to
all 3 million public education students from kindergarten to universities in
North Carolina.

MCNC operates the North Carolina Research and Education Network, which also
allows students to connect to each other, to national and international
education and research assets, and to other students around the globe.

MCNC was awarded a grant from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 20O9
to expand the network. The grant will fund the engineering and construction of
about 500 miles of new fiber optics in rural southeastern and western North
Carolina, according to a letter from the company to the city manager.

The new fiber optic cable will be used to connect universities, community
colleges, schools, libraries and county government networks to the existing
North Carolina Research and Education Network.

The work in New Bern is part of a $39.99 million network of mostly buried fiber
optic cable.

Mark Trail, the city's information technology manager, said the fiber optics
would also serve as a backup for the city. New Bern has a 36-strand fiber optic
cable under the Trent River near the rail road trestle.

MCNC plans to lay fiber optics beside Lawson Creek Park Road, to the boat ramps,
under the river and beside Howell Road. The fiber optics will come in the city
beside U.S. 70 and follow First Street into Country Club Road before entering
Lawson Creek Park.

Trail said the project would save the city $200,000 because in the future MCNC
will assist with the placement of fiber optics across its planned Trent River
bore for use by the city.

It would have been good to have that redundancy a week ago when a squirrel bit
through the fiber optics near the Trent River and knocked out service to the
county schools and city fire department for four days, Trail said.

According to a letter from MCNC to the city manager, the company will provide
services to New Bern at reduced rates for service it delivers out Craven
Community College.

It should take about four to six weeks before the city has the new fiber optics
and about 18 months for the project to be completed statewide, Trail said.

Eddie Fitzgerald can be reached at 252-635-5675 or at efitzgerald@freedomenc.com

New Bern aldermen agreed Tuesday evening to allow an easement through Lawson
Creek Park for a company to install fiber optics under the Trent River.

MCNC, an independent nonprofit organization based in Research Triangle Park, is
laying fiber optics in the area as part of a project that will eventually reach
Morehead City. The company provides advanced networked technology services to
all 3 million public education students from kindergarten to universities in
North Carolina.

MCNC operates the North Carolina Research and Education Network, which also
allows students to connect to each other, to national and international
education and research assets, and to other students around the globe.

MCNC was awarded a grant from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 20O9
to expand the network. The grant will fund the engineering and construction of
about 500 miles of new fiber optics in rural southeastern and western North
Carolina, according to a letter from the company to the city manager.

The new fiber optic cable will be used to connect universities, community
colleges, schools, libraries and county government networks to the existing
North Carolina Research and Education Network.

The work in New Bern is part of a $39.99 million network of mostly buried fiber
optic cable.

Mark Trail, the city's information technology manager, said the fiber optics
would also serve as a backup for the city. New Bern has a 36-strand fiber optic
cable under the Trent River near the rail road trestle.

MCNC plans to lay fiber optics beside Lawson Creek Park Road, to the boat ramps,
under the river and beside Howell Road. The fiber optics will come in the city
beside U.S. 70 and follow First Street into Country Club Road before entering
Lawson Creek Park.

Trail said the project would save the city $200,000 because in the future MCNC
will assist with the placement of fiber optics across its planned Trent River
bore for use by the city.

It would have been good to have that redundancy a week ago when a squirrel bit
through the fiber optics near the Trent River and knocked out service to the
county schools and city fire department for four days, Trail said.

According to a letter from MCNC to the city manager, the company will provide
services to New Bern at reduced rates for service it delivers out Craven
Community College.

It should take about four to six weeks before the city has the new fiber optics
and about 18 months for the project to be completed statewide, Trail said.

Eddie Fitzgerald can be reached at 252-635-5675 or at efitzgerald@freedomenc.com

To see more of the Sun Journal or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.newbernsunjournal.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Sun Journal, New Bern,
N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110720-NS-City-grants-easement-for-fiber-optics-line-0720-20110720

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NS


                           Copyright 2011 Sun Journal


                              236 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                             June 26, 2014 Thursday
                                 METRO EDITION

GIVING CHANGE A TRY IN CHARITY

BYLINE: JEAN HOPFENSPERGER; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1018 words



HIGHLIGHT: The Bush Foundation, one of the state's largest charitable givers, is
once more helping nonprofits, both large and small // "@Sub_Readout" x1="1695"
y1="504" x2="2133" y2="546">The Bush Foundation, one of the state's largest
charitable givers, is once more helping nonprofits, both large and small


About 1,000 nonprofit leaders took over the Guthrie Theater building recently in
a mega-networking event that showcased the new direction of one of Minnesota's
largest foundations.

Some participants were coached in communication techniques from Guthrie actors,
while others built a mosaic, debated the future of philanthropy or sat in on
sessions to share ideas among groups working with the Bush Foundation.

Two years ago, there would have been no need for the event. Bush at that time
poured nearly all its giving into three main goals and didn't accept grant
requests. But like many foundations nationwide, Bush has reconsidered the merits
of targeting its cash at a few issues and is now willing to spread the wealth,
with the change kindling new enthusiasm within Minnesota's 7,000-strong
nonprofit community.

Bush has awarded $921 million in grants since 1970 - including about $30 million
last year.

"Bush gets a lot of attention from nonprofits because of pent-up hope ... after
five years of not accepting proposals under the previous leadership," said Jon
Pratt, executive director of the Minnesota Council of Nonprofits.

The shift in direction also is being watched by the National Committee for
Responsive Philanthropy, a Washington group that recently issued a report
critical of tightly focused giving - called strategic philanthropy - that had
defined Bush and other major foundations for the past few years.

"What's right about strategic philanthropy is a clear focus on achieving
results," said the center's executive director, Aaron Dorfman. "What's wrong is
its oversimplistic, linear thinking about how change happens in the world."

Many nonprofits work on multiple interconnected issues, he said, and become cut
off from foundation dollars "because they aren't laser-focused on a foundation's
priorities."

'Best of both worlds''

Minnesota foundations and corporations gave away more than $1.7 billion in 2011,
according to the Minnesota Council on Foundations. While all of them search to
find the best ways to accomplish their goals, the Bush Foundation stands out for
its dramatic swings in giving.

For decades, the foundation had special interests, such as the arts and
historically black colleges, but it accepted grant applications on a wide range
of issues. That changed after 2007, when under President Peter Hutchinson, the
foundation stopped accepting grant applications for most projects that did not
address three funding priorities - teacher effectiveness, governance in native
nations and community problem-solving.

The idea was to pour in money and make a measurable difference.

In 2012, Jennifer Ford Reedy became the Bush Foundation president, and the goals
shifted again.

The foundation still funds those key initiatives, but it interprets "community
problem-solving" in new ways that have flung open the doors to diverse groups
again.

"I'm trying to take the best of both worlds," Reedy said, sitting in the
foundation's new skyline headquarters in downtown St. Paul.

Innovation is in

"Innovation" and "collaboration" are the new key words, echoing a philanthropy
trend sweeping the country.

"Support for innovation is hip and cool in philanthropy these days," Dorfman
said. "But there's a wide variation in what foundations mean by it. You need to
look at, 'Who are they awarding grants to, and for what?' "

In Bush's case, new "community innovation grants" have been sent to causes such
as a Minneapolis neighborhood group that hosts outdoor "pop-up parties" to
connect residents; a plan to make farmland available to new and young farmers
and connect them to co-ops, and a feasibility study for creating a community
arts center in St. Paul's Lowertown district.

"So far I've met two people I need to connect with - that I didn't know I needed
to connect with - just by chance," said John Turnipseed, director of the Center
for Fathering at Urban Ventures in Minneapolis.

New brand for 'b'

Folks at the event were given a swag bag that showed other aspects of the
evolution within Bush, including a glossy new "b" magazine - part of a
rebranding effort. A new website is also underway.

Meanwhile, a Bush Prize for Community Innovation created last year will give one
lucky nonprofit up to 25 percent of its operating budget to spend as it pleases.

Juxtaposition Arts of Minneapolis was among the first Bush Prize recipients. The
north Minneapolis arts organization runs a visual arts training program for
youths, which it uses to carry out real-world contracts for everything from
printing T-shirts to posters.

"There aren't many grants that say, 'Bravo! Good work,' " said DeAnna Cummings,
its executive director.

The prize will fund "creative community engagement," she said, including working
with several groups to launch teen-conducted surveys to learn what people like
about their community.

Veteran Twin Cities philanthropy consultant Steve Paprocki sees some trade-offs
with the new approach. While collaboration, innovation and networking are
laudable goals, it means that money that could support specific needs in the
community is going elsewhere.

It leads, he said, to questions such as: Is $1 million better spent on
collaboration or on a job training program?

But Reedy notes that the role of a foundation is to find new solutions to
community issues. Those solutions must come from the ground up, and that is what
these new grants are doing. She eagerly awaits the results.

"We have put in place all the key components, and now our emphasis will be on
making an impact greater than the sum of our parts."

Jean Hopfensperger · 612-673-4511

7,000

nonprofits in the state of Minnesota

$1.7 billion

what foundations and corporations in state gave in 2011 (up 15% from 2010)

$5.5 billion

total giving in Minnesota - including by individuals - in 2011

Bush foundation

The Bush Foundation was founded in 1953 by 3M executive Archibald Bush and his
wife, Edyth. It invests in projects focusing on community innovation, leadership
building and problem-solving in Minnesota, North Dakota and South Dakota. The
foundation has awarded $921 million in grants since 1970, including $30 million
last year.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              237 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                      March 28, 2012 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Blue Cross Foundation Announces Connect for Health Challenge

LENGTH: 357  words


New Delhi, March 28 -- The Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Minnesota Foundation
today announced the launch of the Connect for Health Challenge, a new
grantmaking initiative that will award up to $500,000 to eligible nonprofits,
schools and local units of government to support efforts that strengthen social
connections in low-income communities across Minnesota.

Through the Connect for Health Challenge, up to 20 grants of up to $20,000 each
will be awarded, and one grant of up to $100,000 will be determined by
Minnesotans in a statewide vote.

"We know that relationships matter to your health and the health of communities,
" said Carolyn Link, Foundation executive director. "We're excited to work with
organizations in new ways to improve health across Minnesota."

The Connect for Health Challenge will engage people through InCommons, an
innovative and growing community-based initiative that connects Minnesotans -
face-to-face and online - so they can find and share credible tools, knowledge
and resources to address social issues.

Entries can be submitted online beginning April 17, 2012. A short video is
available that introduces the Challenge, and interested organizations can also
sign up for an e-newsletter that will provide frequent updates, at
InCommons.org/ConnectforHealth. Organizations that submit an application by
April 27 are entered into a drawing to win time with a videographer who will
create a free, two-minute video about their organization. For questions or
additional information, e-mail ConnectforHealth@bluecrossmn.com, or call (612)
547-6145.

Types of projects that build or strengthen social connections could include, but
are not limited to, community events, neighborhood gatherings, gathering places,
community dialogues, participatory arts, local volunteering, multicultural
projects, intergenerational activities and more.

"Strong social connections help people to be more involved in our communities
and live healthier, happier lives," said Link.

For more information on Blue Cross's grantmaking programs, visit
bcbsmnfoundation.org or call (651) 662-3950 or toll free at 1-866-812-1593.

copyright contify.com

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2012 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              238 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                           February 14, 2013 Thursday

State award to help school districts share data

BYLINE: Sentinel & Enterprise

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 461 words


By Allison Thomasseau

Statehouse Correspondent

FITCHBURG -- The Fitchburg Public Schools have received more than $35,000 in a
community-development grant to help develop regional collaborations for
education data management.

The state Executive Office of Administration and Finance's Community Innovation
Challenge Grants provided $2.25 million to 27 regional community projects
statewide. The projects, involving 162 towns, aim to combine town services, such
as 911 dispatching and property assessing services, into a regional
collaboration.

"Whether you're in a small town in a rural area or a big city in a metropolitan
area, there are ways to partner, and these grants build on that," Lt. Gov. Tim
Murray said at a meeting of 75 grant recipients on Tuesday.

Fitchburg, along with Somerville, Revere and Chicopee, received a $38,326 grant
to launch School StatNet Pilot, a program that allows school districts to
analyze student data across districts.

"We're all urban school districts, so the thought would be that we share similar
challenges and be able to share other districts' successes," said Eileen
Spinney, technology director of Fitchburg Public Schools. "Hopefully we will see
cross-pollination between the districts."

School StatNet will analyze test scores, student demographics, and financial
information to maximize resources and efficiency.

"We have some district communication using operational data we have now, but we
want to increase problem-solving across districts and municipalities," Spinney
said.

School StatNet will be steered by the Fitchburg, Chicopee, Revere, and
Somerville school districts in collaboration with UMass Boston's Collins Center
for Public Management. It will begin recruiting other school districts in April
to participate in the program.

The grant program awarded $4 million in 2012, its first year, to 27 community
projects. It was created to establish partnerships between the local and state
government to promote economic innovation and growth.

State budget cuts decreased the grant's funding this year; most grant applicants
did not receive the full funding they requested. The projects received enough to
cover initial start-up costs, and but will need to find other funding to
continue operating.

Pam Kocher, administration and finance's director of local policy, said the
committee looked for programs with a wide appeal.

"We were looking for projects with a potential to be useful to other
communities," she said.

Kocher said Boston's Citizens Connect smartphone app, which was launched in 2009
with innovation grant money, is the type of idea the office was looking for.
Citizen's Connect lets citizens report neighborhood issues, such as potholes,
and is now used in 35 Massachusetts communities, including Ayer and Fitchburg.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              239 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Frankston Leader

                              June 3, 2013 Monday
                                 1 - FS Edition

FRANKSTON Carer's power play GRANT BID TO CONNECT ANIMAL TREATMENT CENTRE TO
ELECTRICITY

BYLINE: Louise Clifton-Evans

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 252  words


FRANKSTON

GRANT BID TO CONNECT ANIMAL TREATMENT CENTRE TO ELECTRICITY

ANIMAL carer Michelle Thomas is applying for a Leader Local Grant to help make
her new treatment centre operational.

Thomas has 20 years experience in animal care, and is patiently saving up to
connect electricity and water to the $10,000 centre in her Frankston backyard.

The mother-of-two said her house was currently shared with six animals, needing
to be transferred to the custom-built room designed to treat them.

The animals include an assortment of birds, possums and wombats. There are
another 30 animals housed outdoors.

Ms Thomas is among those applying for a grant so she can finish the project.
``When we built the treatment room we didn't realise that we needed to put in an
extra cable from the street, which has blown out the cost,'' she said.

``At the moment all the animals are squeezed into our house and we are really
looking forward to having this treatment room finished and most of the animals
housed in there.''

When finished, the treatment room will accommodate the 1500-plus animals she
cares for each year. It was built to lock-up stage in December with Michelle and
her husband John, finishing it off this year.

They need around $3000 to finish the whole project.

Leader Local Grants is one of the biggest community initiatives we've
undertaken. Leader is providing $100,000 including $33,000 in this round to help
build better communities across Melbourne

To nominate go to leaderlocalgrants.com.au. Applications close June 14.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: FSV


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              240 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         Drogheda Independent (Ireland)

                               September 18, 2013
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

Community peacebuilding project at Connect centre;
NEW INITIATIVE AIMS TO EXPLORE INEQUALITY AND DIVERSITY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 309 words


CONNECT Family Resource Centre in Moneymore is holding a new course, centred on
resolving community conflict and peacebuilding (CAP).

The project aims to bring local people together to explore conflict, inequality,
diversity, individual responsibility and the power of communities and is funded
by the EU PEACE III Programme. The core of the project is a six weeks Training
Course, one day per week, which will look at themes of Identity, Conflict and
Building Peace. Participants will get a chance to develop the skills for dealing
with conflict and the tools to create positive change in their own community.
The course also includes a chance to meet local and national public
representatives with a trip to the Houses of the Oireachtas in Dublin at the end
of it.

'This is a really exciting Project. Peacebuilding skills are skills we could all
do with - we all have conflict in our lives, and often we have no idea how to
deal with it constructively.

The course will also look at different cultures, at peoples' ' sense of
identity, at how much we feel we belong in our local communities, and these are
all issues that are growing every day in modern Ireland. I look forward to
seeing what comes out of this course, and how the participants might use it in
their lives,' stated John Ruddy, the Community Outreach Worker with Connect FRC.

Anyone who would like to know more about the CAP Project, or who is interested
in taking part, should contact Connect FRC at 171 Moneymore,or on 041 9846608.
The Project is due to start on Tuesday 1st October and participation is free of
charge.

The CAP project is made possible by the support of the EU''s PEACE III Programme
through the Small Grants Programme Co. Louth. PEACE III focuses on helping
Northern Ireland and the Border Region of Ireland to reconcile communities and
contribute towards a shared society.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DHI


             Copyright 2013 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              241 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                             May 23, 2007 Wednesday

Family Resource Centers granted nearly $500,000

BYLINE: The Times-Standard

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 284 words


EUREKA -- The Board of Supervisors on Tuesday voted to grant Community and
Family Resource Centers nearly $500,000 from the Department of Health and Human
Services to help expand services.

Three grants were approved that will be used for a variety of activities at 14
centers spread throughout the county.

An agreement between Prevent Child Abuse California and the county will provide
$80,000 in partial funding for 10 Americorps workers.

They will be able to make home visits to families and help them connect to
resources and services that wouldn't otherwise be available through Child
Welfare Services (CWS).

According to a press release from the county Health and Human Services
Department, the idea is to allow the community to respond in a more flexible
manner to referrals to Child Welfare Services that do not rise to the level of
abuse or neglect that would normally trigger a CWS response.

Another $300,000 grant will allow the Community and Family Resource Centers to
enhance their capacity to work with families.

"Through the resource centers, the Department of Health and Human Services and
the county have found a way to connect to communities in a more meaningful way
than in the past," said Beverly Morgan Lewis, county Social Services Branch
director. "By supporting the centers, we continue to pave the way to keep that
avenue open."

The third grant agreement, for $100,000, expands the partnership between the
resource centers and the Department of Health and Human Services for the state's
CalWorks program. Public health nurses and mental health clinicians will be
assigned to resource centers to help families with their efforts to find jobs
and become self-sufficient, said the press release.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                              242 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 28, 2013 Wednesday

Washington: TIF's Play Connects: Bringing Toys to Children with Special Needs
Served by National Lekotek Center

LENGTH: 509  words

DATELINE: Washington


The Toy Industry Association has issued the following news release:

The Toy Industry Foundation's (TIF) Play Connects program invites Toy Industry
Association (TIA) member companies to nominate charities in their own
communities to receive TIF grant funding. In 2012, four nominated charities were
selected to receive up to $10,000 each to help low income, disabled and at-risk
children across the country. This is the last profile in a Toy News Tuesday
summertime series showcasing how last year's grants made an important difference
in children's lives.

Nominated by TIA member ThinkFun, Inc., National Lekotek Center was among four
charities to receive a Play Connects grant of $10,000 last year to help support
the nonprofit's core program activities, which utilize therapeutic play and toys
to help low income children with special needs participate fully in family life.

Thanks to the Play Connects funding, National Lekotek Center was able to
administer its therapeutic child-centered play sessions to 66 families, reaching
70 children with disabilities; maintain a toy-lending library of more than 8,000
off-the-shelf and adaptive toys, software titles, and assistive technology
devices borrowed by hundreds of families; provide 27 educational training and
support groups to increase comfort and knowledge among parents of children with
special needs; maintain a bilingual (Spanish/English) resource library for
parents participating in family play sessions; offer 12 program-enriching
special events to connect families with one another; and present 46 outreach
training sessions on current issues related to play for kids with disabilities
for nearly 500 parents and community group members in the Greater Chicago area.

"We are very proud of what has been achieved through our grant to the National
Lekotek Center," said Foundation Manager Marisa Medina. "Not only are these
programs putting productive play within reach for so many kids, they're helping
to train parents and provide ongoing resources so that families with children
with special needs are encouraged to incorporate appropriate play into their
child's learning and development."

Aileen, the mother of a four-year-old daughter with special needs, stated the
following about the benefits of National Lekotek's programming:

"The play sessions and seminars teach us, as parents, ways to overcome barriers
in playing with a child with special needs. The webinars are spot-on. I
particularly found the one on apps informative and useful. As a busy parent, I
appreciate that they are archived and available for viewing on my own time. We
are thankful to be part of the Lekotek family and believe in the necessity to
continue and grow with the program. It is difficult enough being the parent of a
typically developing child, let alone a child with special needs. It is too easy
to become wrapped up in doctor's visits ... Lekotek reminds us to step back, get
on eye level with your child, follow their lead, smile, and just play!"

For more information please visit: http://www.toyassociation.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              243 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 4, 2016 Thursday

Washington: FACT SHEET: President Obama Proposes New 'First Job' Funding to
Connect Young Americans with Jobs and Skills Training to Start Their Careers

LENGTH: 2115 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: White House Administration has issued the following news release:



  After the worst economic crisis of our lifetimes, the United States is in the
midst of the longest streak of private-sector job growth in our history, with
more than 14 million new jobs created during the past 70 months. But for too
many young people, getting a first job--a crucial step in starting their
career--is challenging. One of the main criteria employers screen for in the
hiring process is work experience. Previous experience allows potential
employers to call references who can vouch for a candidate and assess what
someone can do based on past accomplishments. Additionally, many of the skills
employers value most can only be learned on the job. Once a young person gets
their first job, it is much easier to get the next one.





 In his State of the Union Address, the President made clear that our goal is a
growing economy that works better for everybody. The President's FY 2017 Budget
includes nearly $6 billion in new funding to help more than 1 million young
people gain the work experience, skills, and networks that come from having a
first job.  Today, the White House and the Departments of Labor and Education
announced the details of that plan, including nearly doubling last year's budget
request for supporting young people who are out of school and work. Major
investments of this plan include:



     A New $5.5 Billion Proposal to Open Doors to a First Job. The President's
Budget will propose new investments - nearly double last year's request - to
connect more than 1 million young people to first jobs over the summer and
year-round. It would also create a new $2 billion competitive grant program
designed to re-connect disconnected youth to educational and workforce pathways.


     Summer Jobs and Beyond Grant Competition.  Today the Administration is also
taking a new step to connect more young Americans to work with the release of
the application for a $20 million Department of Labor grant competition - using
existing funds - that will award approximately 10 grants to communities to
implement innovative approaches that connect young people to jobs and career
pathways.

     New Proposed Investments to Give More Americans Skills for In-Demand Jobs.
The President is also proposing in his Budget $3 billion to create an American
Talent Compact that would expand talent pipelines in over 50 regions to fill
open jobs and attract new jobs from overseas; a $500 million Workforce Data
Science and Innovation Fund to create dynamic data sets on jobs, skills, and
training to help training providers and workers keep pace with rapidly changing
job needs; and a $2 billion Apprenticeship Training Fund to double the number of
U.S. apprenticeships.



 The President is also calling on businesses to take action to give young
Americans with limited resumes a better shot in the hiring process by providing
internships, training, mentoring, and job interviews to young people who are not
in school or working.  With more than five million jobs open today--near the
highest levels on record--developing the workforce of the future will be
critical for businesses to grow, compete for new markets, and innovate.



 Budget Proposals to Help More Young Americans Start Their Careers



 When a young person struggles to get their first job, it can have a lasting
negative impact on her lifetime income as well as her motivation, pride, and
self-esteem. It is also a missed opportunity for the economy as a whole. A 2012
study found that people who endure a spell of unemployment between the ages of
16 and 24 earn $400,000 less over their careers than those who do not. Moreover,
they estimate the lifetime cost to taxpayers of the 6.7 million youth who were
neither in school nor in work was around $1.6 trillion.  The President's Budget
proposals help address these challenges, including with:



 A New $5.5 Billion Proposal to Open Doors to a First Job



     A Down Payment on a First Job for Every Young American. The President's
proposal would invest $3.5 billion to create new partnerships with companies and
communities to get nearly 1 million young people into first jobs over the summer
and 150,000 young Americans who have been out of school and work into up to a
year of paid work.







        Funds would be distributed to states through the Workforce Innovation
and Opportunity Act youth formula program and be disbursed to localities to
cover up to half of the cost of wages for a young person.

        They would require a matched investment from either public, private, or
philanthropic funding.

         Additionally, the Department of Labor will work with Treasury to ensure
that young people participating in these programs have access to safe and
appropriate financial products and accounts, so that they can use their earnings
to start building savings and gain money management skills which are critical
for their future.







     Community Partnerships to Connect Young Americans to Opportunity. The
President's proposals would invest $2 billion jointly administered by the
Departments of Labor and Education to put youth who have dropped out or are most
at risk of dropping out of high school on the path to get a diploma and connect
to post-secondary education and jobs. Funding would be competitively awarded to
communities, in required partnership with local education, workforce, and
community organizations. The Departments would encourage proven approaches, such
as work-based learning and internships, and re-engagement centers.



 A New $200 Million Proposal to Develop & Expand Youth Apprenticeship Programs



      Expanding Apprenticeships for More American Workers and Youth.  The
President is proposing to dedicate $200 million to support the development and
expansion of youth apprenticeships and pre-apprenticeship programs that let
young people explore their interests in school through work and classroom-based
training before starting a formal apprenticeship. This is part of a broader $2
billion proposal to create an Apprenticeships Training Fund to increase
resources for state apprenticeship programs.



 New Actions Using Existing Resources



      Summer Jobs and Beyond Grant Competition.  Today, the Administration is
releasing the application for $20 million in existing funds available through
DOL that will:







        Fund innovative models to connect young people ages 16 to 24 with
limited or no work experience to summer and year-round job opportunities through
partnerships between employers, workforce investment boards, local education
agencies, and reengagement centers.

        Go to approximately 10 communities, with priority given to those
communities facing high rates of youth unemployment, poverty, crime, and
dropouts.

        Build on a recent $17 million DOL investment in Youth Demonstration
grants to support disconnected young adults in seven cities, including
Baltimore, Camden, Detroit, Houston, Long Beach, North Charleston, and North St.
Louis.







      2016 Summer Opportunity Project. On February 26th, the White House will
launch a summer opportunity project and host a workshop that brings together
state and local leaders, community-based organizations, private sector and
philanthropic leaders, and schools. The project will call on all of these
leaders to increase their efforts and investments to bridge the summer
opportunity gap for this year and beyond in targeted communities across the
country. At the event, we will release a Summer Opportunity Federal Resource
Guide to make it easier for local governments and non-profits to identify and
navigate Federal programs across agencies.



 Broader Proposed Investments in Innovative Training that Lead to In-Demand Jobs




 The 21st century American worker faces an increasingly complex and dynamic job
market. Globalization, automation, and technological innovation are driving
rapid changes in available jobs and demanded skills. The President is proposing
a plan to ensure that our education and training systems do more to help workers
keep pace as the labor market evolves.



     Creating a Talent Compact to Keep and Attract Jobs to the U.S. One of the
main assets a business considers when deciding where to locate and grow is the
availability of talent. The President is proposing in his Budget $3 billion in
competitive funding to create more than 50 "Talent Hotspots" across the U.S.
These Talent Hotspots would consist of employers, training programs, and
workforce and economic development leaders that prioritize one sector and make a
commitment to recruit and train the workforce to help local businesses grow and
thrive, attract more jobs from overseas, and fuel the talent needs of
entrepreneurs. This proposal would produce a pipeline of about half a million
skilled workers over the next five years.

     Empowering Workers, Training Providers and Employers with Better
Information on Jobs, Skills and Training.  Supporting a more dynamic workforce
requires good data. But today, little information exists about what skills
employers are hiring for and what training works best.  That is why the
President is proposing:







        The creation of a new Workforce Data Science and Innovation Fund. DOL
would recruit and deploy a best-in-class team to help states find new ways to
use technology and data analytics to improve training programs and consumer
choice. And similar to HHS's Open Health Data Initiative, DOL would partner with
the Department of Commerce to develop new open source data on jobs and skills to
spur the creation of new products to help match workers to better jobs.

        $40 million in Workforce Data Quality Grants to upgrade state data
systems to produce information on the outcomes of training programs for
consumers.

        $2.5 million to create a more real-time, dynamic data sets and common
language for jobs and skills building upon O*Net (the Occupational Information
Network) to fuel the development of new products and services for job seekers.

        Ensuring high-quality customer service for job seekers getting Federal
services. Each year, 2,500 American Job Centers (AJCs) help approximately 17
million Americans get back to work and into better jobs. The President's Budget
proposes $2.5 million to develop an easy-to-use tool for workers to quickly view
customer satisfaction rating for the job centers in their area and to establish
a technology platform that AJCs can use to report on customer service outcomes.







     Providing 21st Century Career Navigation. The President's Budget will
propose $1.5 billion in new resources to states for Career Navigators who will
proactively reach out to workers most at risk of not being able to reset their
careers after spells of joblessness. Each year, Career Navigators will help more
than 1 million people find jobs, matching them to appropriate training programs,
and connecting them to the support services they need to succeed.



 Building on President Obama's Record of Progress for Young Americans



     My Brother's Keeper (MBK) Initiative. President Obama launched MBK in
February 2014 to address persistent opportunity gaps faced by boys and young men
of color to ensure that all young people can reach their full potential. Since
its launch, more than 200 communities have accepted the MBK Community Challenge;
more than $500 million in grants and in-kind resources and $1 billion in
financing has been independently committed to advance the mission of MBK.

     $100 Million TechHire Grant Competition, Including $50 Million for Young
Americans. In November, the Administration released the application for $100
million to expand partnerships that can rapidly train and connect workers with
barriers to employment to well-paying, high-growth jobs in information
technology and other industries. The Department is accepting applications until
March 11th, 2016. Interested applicants can find the application here.

     Engaging Local Elected Officials to Connect Young People and Adults to
In-Demand Jobs. Over the years, the Administration has worked with local elected
leaders and national organizations, including the U.S. Conference of Mayors
(USCM) and the National League of Cities (NLC), on efforts such as the TechHire
and My Brother's Keeper Initiatives.  Building on this work and new
announcement, USCM and NLC will support the growth, adoption, and creation of
promising practices for the expansion of summer opportunities and building
partnerships to expand and upgrade training for in-demand jobs in communities
across the U.S.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              244 of 998 DOCUMENTS



          NewsMail and Rural Weekly (Wide Bay, Bundaberg, Queensland)

                            March 9, 2011 Wednesday

Grants to aid tennis, football juniors

SECTION: Pg. 34

LENGTH: 453  words


GRANTS: Bundaberg and District Junior Tennis Association and North Bundaberg
Eagles Football Club are among 625 not-for-profit local community groups to
receive a $1200 Telstra's Kids Fund grant.

The tennis association will use its funds to buy tennis equipment for its
learn-and-play programs, while the North Bundaberg Eagles will purchase new
junior playing uniforms.

The Telstra Foundation will provide $750,000 this year to local community
not-for-profit organisations across Australia through Telstra's Kids Fund
grants.

Telstra Foundation chairman Geoff Booth said it was pleasing that children in
Bundaberg would benefit from the grant.

"We're delighted to be able to make a meaningful difference to the young people
in Bundaberg," Booth said. "Telstra's Kids Fund is committed to making a real
and lasting difference to kids across Australia, particularly at an early key
and impressionable stage of their lives."

Telstra's Kids Fund grant recipients are nominated by permanent Telstra
employees directly related to children or young people who attend a
not-for-profit organisation.

Telstra Country Wide Area general manager for Country Coast and Capricornia Doug
McClure said Telstra's Kids Fund program highlighted the company's "connected
giving philosophy".

"We're proud to get behind some of our most important people - our children,"
McClure said.

"It's one way we can support the advancement, energy and vitality of local
communities."

Since it was established in 2002, the Telstra Foundation has provided more than
$35 million to 6698 projects and programs.

Community groups to receive Telstra's Kids Fund grants have included schools,
art and culture groups, sport and recreational clubs, disability services and
environmental organisations.

Booth said the most precious gift they could give children was the ability to
connect and to feel a sense of belonging.

"That's why the Telstra Foundation funds projects that connect children and
young people to their communities and to each other," he said.

"As the cornerstone of Telstra's community investment strategy, the Telstra
Foundation focuses on securing our children's future for tomorrow. The projects
we support must aim to make a positive and lasting difference to the lives of
young Australians."

The North Bundaberg Eagles are one of the biggest and most progressive football
clubs in Bundaberg, while the also extremely pro-active tennis association is
still in recovery mode after sustaining major damage during the recent floods.

There are three funding rounds per year. More information about grants is
available from www.telstrafoundation.com.au

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BNM


                    Copyright 2011 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              245 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Western Mail

                           October 27, 2010 Wednesday
                                 First Edition

Wave of interest needed to get villagers online;
MICROWAVE SIGNAL TRIAL

BYLINE: RHODRI EVANS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 412 words


A WELSH business internet service provider is helping a village without
broadband to become one of the first in Wales to have its own independent
high-speed community connection.

Connect Cardiff, part of the Tewdric group, is working with the villagers of St
Bride's Wentlooge. The village has been declared a broadband "not-spot" even
though it is just four miles from Newport and seven from Cardiff.

The village has been by-passed by the internet revolution for years, because it
is too far from the main telephone exchange to receive broadband.

Now Connect Cardiff has started a trial of the service, installing a pilot
microwave broadband broadcast aerial at the Elm Tree Inn, in the centre of the
village, and is helping villagers apply for Welsh Assembly Government grants to
equip their homes with broadband.

David Sims, proprietor of the Elm Tree, said: "Businesses and consumers in St
Bride's have suffered immensely - we have been by-passed from the internet
revolution for years, because we are situated too far from the main telephone
exchange to receive broadband. Statutory communications and cable providers have
not connected the village on cost grounds."

Under the GAIN St Bride's initiative (Get Access to Internet Now), the Inn
reports that it is now enjoying high-speed broadband for the first time.

Giles Phelps, managing director of Connect Cardiff, said: "Our research
indicates there are no plans to connect St Bride's to high-speed broadband for
the next two years at least as the cost of using traditional copper or
fibre-optic cabling are prohibitive. We believe we have found a solution that is
affordable under the Welsh Assembly Government Broadband Support Scheme,
allowing individuals to apply for up to pounds 1,000 each for infrastructure
costs.

"We are basing our work on successes achieved in rural England, notably at
Lyddington in Rutland, which until a private sector and community partnership
obtained the capital to do it themselves, was famously described as part of the
land that Digital Britain forgot.

"I know that villagers in St Bride's feel the same and have been lobbying the
Welsh Assembly for a number of years." WAG grants of up to pounds 1,000 are
available per household which, once approval is given, have to be funded in the
first place by the homeowner before the grant is released.

To become viable, the St Bride's system will require at least a third of
villagers to sign up to an internet subscription.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  David Sims, centre, proprietor of the Elm Tree Inn, with Claire
Jenkins and Giles Phelps, of Connect Cardiff at the microwave broadband
broadcast aerial in St Bride's

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: wm


                    Copyright 2010 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              246 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                             April 7, 1996, Sunday,

COMPUTER NET TO LINK AN ENTIRE COMMUNITY;
THE SYSTEM USED BY BRUNSWICK AREA SCHOOLS WILL CONNECT TOWN OFFICES, POLICE;
AND LIBRARIES.

BYLINE: Peter Pochna Staff Writer

SECTION: MAINE/NEW ENGLAND, Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 983 words

DATELINE: BRUNSWICK


A few weeks ago some cable TV workers connected a series of bright orange cables
to a stack of computer equipment on the second floor of Brunswick High School.

When Chris Turner points to the cables and explains how they have catapulted
Brunswick and SAD 75 schools to the forefront of educational technology in
Maine, he gets kind of giddy.

''I haven't had this much fun in years,'' said Turner. ''This is something that
is really going to impact a lot of people's lives.''

Turner is creating a computer network unlike any other in the state. The goal is
to connect town offices, police departments, libraries, public computer kiosks
and 15 schools to each other and to the Internet.

Many school districts in Maine have developed computer networks that connect
schools with each other and the Internet, but none connects one school district
with another, and none wires an entire community.

Parents will see what's happening in their children's classrooms with the touch
of a computer key. Teachers will use a community database that will display a
list of local experts willing to help on school projects. Students from both
districts will share information and use the nearly infinite resources of the
Internet. And all residents will be able to easily access information about
local government events.

''It is a model for other communities to follow,'' said Francis Eberle of the
Maine Math and Science Alliance, a nonprofit agency in Augusta working to
improve math and science education. ''The opportunities are fantastic. It opens
the doors of the schools to the community.''

The system is called the Community of Learners Network. It is the product of a $
1 million grant the two districts received in October 1994 from the National
Science Foundation.

During the past six weeks the network has started to come together. Workers have
run the orange cables into nearly every school in the two districts. The cables
contain fiber optic wires that run from each building to Casco Cable TV lines,
which are carried through Brunswick, Topsham, Harpswell, Bowdoin and Bowdoinham
on telephone poles.

Also under way is a massive computer training program to show 700 teachers and
administrators how to use the network and incorporate it into the curriculum.

''This is a wonderful educational tool,'' said Rick Wilson, a social studies
teacher at Brunswick Junior High School who took a training course in March.
''It opens up a tremendous amount of new doorways and passages for our children
to explore.''

Tiffany Segars, a 15-year-old freshman at Brunswick High School, said the
network will help her stay awake in science class.

She recently built a home page on the World Wide Web with her earth sciences
class. The home page offers information about volcanoes, weather and geology as
well as about the high school and the earth sciences class. It is the type of
project the network makes available to all classrooms in the two districts.

''I have a hard time learning science, but I learned a lot from this, and it
wasn't boring at all,'' said Segars. ''Before I did it, I didn't know anything
about the Internet. Now I know a lot.''

Turner is coordinating the installation of the network from a converted
classroom in Brunswick High School. The school districts hired him in January,
and he will continue until the grant money runs out in 1997.

He said keys to the system's success are the rapid transmission of information
over Casco Cable's fiber optic lines and the Internet access that was available
through Bowdoin College.

He plans to connect all schools by the end of the school year to give teachers
and administrators time to work with the network and incorporate it into next
year's curriculum.

''To hear teachers say, 'Oh wow!,' when they hook into it and see what they can
do is really exciting,'' Turner said.

After the schools are hooked up, the goal is to connect to government offices
and public computer kiosks located in supermarkets.

Ann Adjutant, the overall project director, is meeting with community leaders to
gain their cooperation. She said the more people who are involved, the lower the
cost everybody must bear once the grant money is gone. She said all the
communities have been supportive.

''We are looking for ways we can support the network with the whole community,''
Adjutant said. ''I think we can be a model for other communities as they try to
build networks.''

Don Gerrish, Brunswick's town manager, said he is excited by the opportunity to
increase the public's access to town business.

''We think it's a good idea and are pursuing it,'' Gerrish said. ''We want to
make ourselves available through all the opportunities that are out there.''

Both school systems are using the network as a catalyst to improve technology in
their classrooms.

Brunswick last summer approved an additional $ 1.1 million in technology funding
to ensure that students would have adequate equipment with which to use the
network. Already the student-to-computer ratio in Brunswick schools has dropped
from 29:1 to about 17:1.

''When we received the grant, we wanted to make sure we took full advantage of
it,'' said Jeffrey Morse, a member of the Brunswick School Board. ''The school
system was lacking woefully in technology. I'm amazed by how far we've
progressed in the past 12 months. In Brunswick, we will be setting a standard
for technology in schools.''

SAD 75 schools, with a 12:1 student to computer ratio, did not have to do as
much work to prepare for using the network. But Elinor Multer, a member of the
SAD 75 school board, said the network has revolutionized what students can do
with the computers.

''It has opened up vistas we would not have had for a long time,'' Multer said.
''Anything that has the potential to make school more interesting and connect
kids to the real world is exciting.''

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: color & b&w, Staff photo by Doug Jones Computer lab students
work on; projects at the new Brunswick High School. A system called the;
Community of Learners Network will soon widen their horizons.; Chris Turner
''This is something that is really going to impact a; lot of people's lives.''
p.10B

                Copyright 1996 Guy Gannett Communications, Inc.


                              247 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 4, 2016 Thursday

Washington: FACT SHEET: President Obama Proposes New 'First Job' Funding to
Connect Young Americans with Jobs and Skills Training to Start Their Careers

LENGTH: 2111 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: White House Administration has issued the following news release:



  After the worst economic crisis of our lifetimes, the United States is in the
midst of the longest streak of private-sector job growth in our history, with
more than 14 million new jobs created during the past 70 months. But for too
many young people, getting a first job--a crucial step in starting their
career--is challenging. One of the main criteria employers screen for in the
hiring process is work experience. Previous experience allows potential
employers to call references who can vouch for a candidate and assess what
someone can do based on past accomplishments. Additionally, many of the skills
employers value most can only be learned on the job. Once a young person gets
their first job, it is much easier to get the next one.





 In his State of the Union Address, the President made clear that our goal is a
growing economy that works better for everybody. The President's FY 2017 Budget
includes nearly $6 billion in new funding to help more than 1 million young
people gain the work experience, skills, and networks that come from having a
first job. Today, the White House and the Departments of Labor and Education
announced the details of that plan, including nearly doubling last year's budget
request for supporting young people who are out of school and work. Major
investments of this plan include:



     A New $5.5 Billion Proposal to Open Doors to a First Job. The President's
Budget will propose new investments - nearly double last year's request - to
connect more than 1 million young people to first jobs over the summer and
year-round. It would also create a new $2 billion competitive grant program
designed to re-connect disconnected youth to educational and workforce pathways.


     Summer Jobs and Beyond Grant Competition. Today the Administration is also
taking a new step to connect more young Americans to work with the release of
the application for a $20 million Department of Labor grant competition - using
existing funds - that will award approximately 10 grants to communities to
implement innovative approaches that connect young people to jobs and career
pathways.

     New Proposed Investments to Give More Americans Skills for In-Demand Jobs.
The President is also proposing in his Budget $3 billion to create an American
Talent Compact that would expand talent pipelines in over 50 regions to fill
open jobs and attract new jobs from overseas; a $500 million Workforce Data
Science and Innovation Fund to create dynamic data sets on jobs, skills, and
training to help training providers and workers keep pace with rapidly changing
job needs; and a $2 billion Apprenticeship Training Fund to double the number of
U.S. apprenticeships.



 The President is also calling on businesses to take action to give young
Americans with limited resumes a better shot in the hiring process by providing
internships, training, mentoring, and job interviews to young people who are not
in school or working. With more than five million jobs open today--near the
highest levels on record--developing the workforce of the future will be
critical for businesses to grow, compete for new markets, and innovate.



 Budget Proposals to Help More Young Americans Start Their Careers



 When a young person struggles to get their first job, it can have a lasting
negative impact on her lifetime income as well as her motivation, pride, and
self-esteem. It is also a missed opportunity for the economy as a whole. A 2012
study found that people who endure a spell of unemployment between the ages of
16 and 24 earn $400,000 less over their careers than those who do not. Moreover,
they estimate the lifetime cost to taxpayers of the 6.7 million youth who were
neither in school nor in work was around $1.6 trillion. The President's Budget
proposals help address these challenges, including with:



 A New $5.5 Billion Proposal to Open Doors to a First Job



     A Down Payment on a First Job for Every Young American. The President's
proposal would invest $3.5 billion to create new partnerships with companies and
communities to get nearly 1 million young people into first jobs over the summer
and 150,000 young Americans who have been out of school and work into up to a
year of paid work.

         o Funds would be distributed to states through the Workforce Innovation
and Opportunity Act youth formula program and be disbursed to localities to
cover up to half of the cost of wages for a young person.

         o They would require a matched investment from either public, private,
or philanthropic funding.

         o Additionally, the Department of Labor will work with Treasury to
ensure that young people participating in these programs have access to safe and
appropriate financial products and accounts, so that they can use their earnings
to start building savings and gain money management skills which are critical
for their future.

     [#x200b]Community Partnerships to Connect Young Americans to Opportunity.
The President's proposals would invest $2 billion jointly administered by the
Departments of Labor and Education to put youth who have dropped out or are most
at risk of dropping out of high school on the path to get a diploma and connect
to post-secondary education and jobs. Funding would be competitively awarded to
communities, in required partnership with local education, workforce, and
community organizations. The Departments would encourage proven approaches, such
as work-based learning and internships, and re-engagement centers.



 A New $200 Million Proposal to Develop & Expand Youth Apprenticeship Programs



     Expanding Apprenticeships for More American Workers and Youth. The
President is proposing to dedicate $200 million to support the development and
expansion of youth apprenticeships and pre-apprenticeship programs that let
young people explore their interests in school through work and classroom-based
training before starting a formal apprenticeship. This is part of a broader $2
billion proposal to create an Apprenticeships Training Fund to increase
resources for state apprenticeship programs.



 New Actions Using Existing Resources



     Summer Jobs and Beyond Grant Competition. Today, the Administration is
releasing the application for $20 million in existing funds available through
DOL that will:

         Fund innovative models to connect young people ages 16 to 24 with
limited or no work experience to summer and year-round job opportunities through
partnerships between employers, workforce investment boards, local education
agencies, and reengagement centers.

         Go to approximately 10 communities, with priority given to those
communities facing high rates of youth unemployment, poverty, crime, and
dropouts.

         Build on a recent $17 million DOL investment in Youth Demonstration
grants to support disconnected young adults in seven cities, including
Baltimore, Camden, Detroit, Houston, Long Beach, North Charleston, and North St.
Louis.

     2016 Summer Opportunity Project. On February 26th, the White House will
launch a summer opportunity project and host a workshop that brings together
state and local leaders, community-based organizations, private sector and
philanthropic leaders, and schools. The project will call on all of these
leaders to increase their efforts and investments to bridge the summer
opportunity gap for this year and beyond in targeted communities across the
country. At the event, we will release a Summer Opportunity Federal Resource
Guide to make it easier for local governments and non-profits to identify and
navigate Federal programs across agencies.



 Broader Proposed Investments in Innovative Training that Lead to In-Demand Jobs




 The 21st century American worker faces an increasingly complex and dynamic job
market. Globalization, automation, and technological innovation are driving
rapid changes in available jobs and demanded skills. The President is proposing
a plan to ensure that our education and training systems do more to help workers
keep pace as the labor market evolves.



     Creating a Talent Compact to Keep and Attract Jobs to the U.S. One of the
main assets a business considers when deciding where to locate and grow is the
availability of talent. The President is proposing in his Budget $3 billion in
competitive funding to create more than 50 "Talent Hotspots" across the U.S.
These Talent Hotspots would consist of employers, training programs, and
workforce and economic development leaders that prioritize one sector and make a
commitment to recruit and train the workforce to help local businesses grow and
thrive, attract more jobs from overseas, and fuel the talent needs of
entrepreneurs. This proposal would produce a pipeline of about half a million
skilled workers over the next five years.

     Empowering Workers, Training Providers and Employers with Better
Information on Jobs, Skills and Training. Supporting a more dynamic workforce
requires good data. But today, little information exists about what skills
employers are hiring for and what training works best. That is why the President
is proposing:

         The creation of a new Workforce Data Science and Innovation Fund. DOL
would recruit and deploy a best-in-class team to help states find new ways to
use technology and data analytics to improve training programs and consumer
choice. And similar to HHS's Open Health Data Initiative, DOL would partner with
the Department of Commerce to develop new open source data on jobs and skills to
spur the creation of new products to help match workers to better jobs.

         $40 million in Workforce Data Quality Grants to upgrade state data
systems to produce information on the outcomes of training programs for
consumers.

         $2.5 million to create a more real-time, dynamic data sets and common
language for jobs and skills building upon O*Net (the Occupational Information
Network) to fuel the development of new products and services for job seekers.

         Ensuring high-quality customer service for job seekers getting Federal
services. Each year, 2,500 American Job Centers (AJCs) help approximately 17
million Americans get back to work and into better jobs. The President's Budget
proposes $2.5 million to develop an easy-to-use tool for workers to quickly view
customer satisfaction rating for the job centers in their area and to establish
a technology platform that AJCs can use to report on customer service outcomes.

     Providing 21st Century Career Navigation. The President's Budget will
propose $1.5 billion in new resources to states for Career Navigators who will
proactively reach out to workers most at risk of not being able to reset their
careers after spells of joblessness. Each year, Career Navigators will help more
than 1 million people find jobs, matching them to appropriate training programs,
and connecting them to the support services they need to succeed.



 Building on President Obama's Record of Progress for Young Americans



     My Brother's Keeper (MBK) Initiative. President Obama launched MBK in
February 2014 to address persistent opportunity gaps faced by boys and young men
of color to ensure that all young people can reach their full potential. Since
its launch, more than 200 communities have accepted the MBK Community Challenge;
more than $500 million in grants and in-kind resources and $1 billion in
financing has been independently committed to advance the mission of MBK.

     $100 Million TechHire Grant Competition, Including $50 Million for Young
Americans. In November, the Administration released the application for $100
million to expand partnerships that can rapidly train and connect workers with
barriers to employment to well-paying, high-growth jobs in information
technology and other industries. The Department is accepting applications until
March 11th, 2016. Interested applicants can find the application here.

     Engaging Local Elected Officials to Connect Young People and Adults to
In-Demand Jobs. Over the years, the Administration has worked with local elected
leaders and national organizations, including the U.S. Conference of Mayors
(USCM) and the National League of Cities (NLC), on efforts such as the TechHire
and My Brother's Keeper Initiatives. Building on this work and new announcement,
USCM and NLC will support the growth, adoption, and creation of promising
practices for the expansion of summer opportunities and building partnerships to
expand and upgrade training for in-demand jobs in communities across the U.S.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              248 of 998 DOCUMENTS


           The Evening News and The Tribune (Jeffersonville, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 20, 2012 Monday

Jeffersonville gets grant to help connect Big Four to downtown

BYLINE: Braden Lammers, The Evening News and the Tribune, Jeffersonville, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 373 words


Aug. 20--JEFFERSONVILLE -- A $250,000 grant has been awarded to the city of
Jeffersonville to help provide a gateway from the Big Four Station to the city's
historic shopping district.

Jeffersonville Mayor Mike Moore announced in a press release the city was
awarded a $250,000 Main Street Revitalization Grant through the Indiana Office
of Community and Rural Affairs and federally funded through the Community
Development Block Grant program.

The grant will help pay for comprehensive redevelopment along Chestnut Street
between Pearl and Spring streets, which will provide a link between the landing
of the Big Four pedestrian bridge and Jeffersonville's downtown shopping
district, according to the release. Plans call for the road to be widened, and
will include bike lanes, on-street parking, sidewalks with handicap-accessible
ramps and lighting, bike racks, benches and trees to be planted in the easement
between the street and the sidewalk.

The project is one of 10 Moore had requested funding for when he presented a
plan to the Jeffersonville City Council to use the city's Tax Increment Finance
TIF money over the next of six years at a total of $38 million.

To complete the Chestnut Street reconstruction, the Jeffersonville Redevelopment
Commission committed $128,619 in matching funds from the Falls Landing TIF and
the Urban Enterprise Zone covered the remainder of the city's 50 percent match
for the project, said Jeffersonville Grants Administrator Delynn Rutherford. She
said the grant process was extremely competitive and the city applied for the
same grant last year, but was denied.

While the plan is linked to the Big Four Station project, Moore said it is a
separate project.

"It's going to be a complement to the Big Four Station," he said. "This is going
to be the way to take shoppers from the landing to [Spring Street]."

Plans for the Big Four Bridge have the ramp ending at the intersection of Pearl
and Chestnut streets, where pedestrians and bicyclists would be dropped off and
then lead them directly to Spring Street.

___ (c)2012 The Evening News and The Tribune (Jeffersonville, Ind.) Visit The
Evening News and The Tribune (Jeffersonville, Ind.) at newsandtribune.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120820-JB-Jeffersonville-gets-grant-to-help-connect
-Big-Four-to-downtown-0820-20120820

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JB


                Copyright 2012 The Evening News and The Tribune


                              249 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Gazette (Tasmania, Australia)

                            June 10, 2015 Wednesday
                                Gazette Edition

Grant on the line online

SECTION: LIFESTYLE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 166  words


A COMMUNITY group or charity in Tasmania, South Australia or the Northern
Territory will receive up to $10,000 under the Nabo Community Grant Program.

Nabo.com.au, a social network for local communities, is offering the money to
the project or group which best demonstrates the way it connects to its
community, works for the inclusion of marginalised people or helps prepare or
respond to a disaster.

"Nabo.com.au's key aim is to connect more people and organisations in their
local communities," said CEO Adam Rigby. "By launching a community grant
program, we hope to encourage more local groups to thrive." Residents and groups
can enter by signing up to nabo.com.au and creating an online "group" for their
project or organisation. They will then be asked to complete an online community
grant application form. A judging panel will select five finalists. Nabo.com.au
members will then vote for their favourite project. Applications close on June
28 and the recipient will be announced in August.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Gazette


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              250 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Brunswick News (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 15, 2014 Wednesday

City makes plans to join parks with trails

BYLINE: Kelly Quimby, The Brunswick News, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 552 words


Oct. 15--Brunswick officials are working to install sidewalks and trails along
city streets with the goal of making it safer to walk from one area of town to
another.

It's a slow process, said Shauntae Walker, manager of the city's Community
Development Block Grant program, but one that will prove to be a great benefit,
especially to students at Glynn Middle School who live in the city and walk to
school.

In Walker's program alone, the city has worked to improve connectivity from
Liberty Ship Park at the base of the Sidney Lanier Bridge to the rest of town.

In 2006, when staff initially began designing and planning for financing the
project, she said estimates put the price to connect the park with nearby Howard
Coffin Park at $1 million.

Each leg can range from $30,000 to $50,000, depending on length and location.

In 2012, the city used a block grant to connect the park with Fourth Avenue.
Last year, the leg from Howard Coffin Park to the Howard Coffin Dog Park was
completed.

"Right now, we're in the process of getting the funding together," Walker said.
"The challenge that we're having is the marsh area. There are a lot of
environmental processes to go through. We have to make sure all the agencies
agree with what our designs are so far. I'm optimistic that it'll work out, and
we should be ready to go next spring."

Walker said the paths are important.

"At this point, until we can get some transportation in this city, we definitely
need to make sure we connect all our communities, where anyone can walk and feel
safe, especially our children," Walker said. "We have so many kids who walk to
school, and they need safe routes to school."

In the meantime, city planner Arne Glaeser has approached the city commission
about applying for grants to construct bike and walking trails away from the
highway for students of Glynn Middle School.

"This entire area needs additional bike and trail facilities," Glaeser told the
city commission Oct. 1. "Right now, kids are walking on the sides of streets."

Glaeser presented a rough sketch of the proposal, which begins at the
intersection of Fourth and Glynn avenues, shifts north at Martin Luther King Jr.
Boulevard and then east on Prince Street.

Glaeser said he's working with representatives of the East Coast Greenway, which
connects states along the East Coast by a long distance trail, for the first
phase of the plan.

Other grants, perhaps a Coastal Incentive Grant or Safe Routes to School grant,
could pick up at the intersection of Prince and Gordon streets to provide
students of Glynn Middle a path to school.

Ultimately, he said, the plan would be to connect the Liberty Ship Park trail
with Howard Coffin Park through various phases.

"Some neighbors and citizens in Windsor Park got together and said they wanted a
trail to Glynn Middle," Glaeser said Monday. "We don't have the funding
in-house, so we have to go after the grant money to knit together a pedestrian
bike system. It's really important to get the young people safely to school in
the mornings and back home in the afternoons."

Glaeser said the city likely won't know which, if any, grants it has been
approved for until next year.

___ (c)2014 The Brunswick News (Brunswick, Ga.) Visit The Brunswick News
(Brunswick, Ga.) at www.thebrunswicknews.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141015-GE-TRAIL-20141015

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GE


                       Copyright 2014 The Brunswick News


                              251 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            October 30, 2015 Friday

Washington: NM Delegation Announces $1 Million for Construction of Bike and
Pedestrian Routes at Laguna Pueblo

LENGTH: 355  words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Office of the MP Michelle Lujan Grisham has issued the following
news release:



 Today, U.S. Senators Tom Udall and Martin Heinrich and U.S. Representatives
Steve Pearce, Ben Ray Luj&aacute;n and Michelle Lujan Grisham announced that the
Pueblo of Laguna will receive a $1 million grant to help complete a network of
bike and pedestrian routes. The grant, awarded through the U.S. Department of
Transportation's TIGER VII Discretionary Grant Program, will fund construction
of the Pueblo's Bike and Pedestrian Priority Route Construction Project, which
will connect its six distinct villages and provide links to adjacent communities
in Cibola County. The lawmakers supported the Pueblo's application for funding
in April. Connecting centers of employment, education and services will support
long-term job growth and promote economic development.





 "This funding will create new transportation options to connect communities and
make it easier for members of Laguna Pueblo to get to jobs, school and important
services. Enabling people to get to work and businesses will help boost economic
development in the region," the lawmakers said. "The Pueblo's bike and
pedestrian project is a model for transportation planning and development, and
we were proud to support its application for funding from the TIGER program. We
will continue to fight for investments in New Mexico's transportation
infrastructure to help boost long-term job growth and strengthen our economy."



 A Pueblo of Laguna Community Biking and Walking Advisory Group with
representatives from each of the six villages planned projects to improve bike
and pedestrian routes to reconnect the six Pueblo communities, connect the
villages to the subdivisions, promote housing redevelopment in the villages and
revitalize the Pueblo's economic centers. This TIGER grant funding will support
the continued construction of projects to promote alternative transportation
access, safety, health and fitness, and the revitalization of the Pueblo's
villages.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.coma

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              252 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Finance & Commerce (Minneapolis, MN)

                             July 13, 2010 Tuesday

Stimulus grant buys Anoka County more fiber broadband

BYLINE: Arundhati Parmar

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 125  words


Anoka County and Zayo Bandwidth recently received a $13.4 million grant to
expand fiber broadband connectivity in the county.

The grant is part of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, which set aside
$7.2 billion to expand broadband access for communities across the nation,
create jobs, and provide other economic benefits for those communities. The
National Telecommunications and Information Administration administered the
award.

Zayo Bandwidth, a national provider of fiber-based products and services for
wireless carriers, businesses and government entities, teamed up with Anoka
County to create "Connect Anoka County" and apply for the grant. Connect Anoka
County plans to link 145 institutions and will serve 56 public safety agencies.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              253 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Contra Costa Times

                     January 6, 2004 Tuesday FINAL EDITION

RICHMOND GREENWAY RESTORATION ON ITS WAY

BYLINE: REBECCA ROSEN LUM, TIMES STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 631 words

DATELINE: RICHMOND


RICHMOND -- Although the city lost a $1.9 million grant to develop a lushly
landscaped bicycle and pedestrian path and parkway last year, new funding
sources have sprouted that may see the project bloom even more fully.

The city has applied for $3 million in funds from the state Urban Parks Bond Act
of 2002, but won't get the final word until June, said Melanie Mintz, project
coordinator for the Richmond Greenway at the Rails-to-Trails Conservancy.

In addition, the Metropolitan Transportation Commission is offering a $1.9
million grant that went to another community last year when the local nonprofit
charged with launching the Richmond Greenway failed to meet deadlines.

"Things look good and will continually look better," Mintz said. "We hope it's
just the beginning."

The two grants will pay for the western half of the 2 1/2-mile regional trail,
which will eventually connect the Ohlone Greenway with the Bay Trail.

City and conservancy officials are searching for other pools of money that could
provide the $1 million to $2 million necessary to complete the trail. One likely
source is the six-year federal Intermodal Surface Transportation Efficiency Act,
which distributes all funds for surface transportation and will likely be
extended in 2005.

That's good news for such enhancements as bike paths, visitor centers and
conversion of abandoned railway corridors to what advocates like Mintz cheer as
"linear parks."

The federal funds are popular with communities and elected officials, since the
projects provide immediate benefits to communities yet cost relatively little.

"It's nice to think of it as a linear park that connects neighborhoods, and
connects neighborhoods to other parks, and distributes open space throughout the
areas it connects," Mintz said. A greenway "decreases dumping -- it looks good,
looks like it's being cared for, is in active use for most of its hours. Those
things you associate with vacant lands disappear."

Once a jewel in the crown of the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe railroads, the
neglected span, which mirrors Ohio Avenue through the heart of Richmond, has
become a blighted nuisance. Advocates also hope to revitalize Baxter Creek where
it flows into the greenway.

Once developed and landscaped, the greenway will become the responsibility for
each city or parks district it cuts through.

For instance, maintaining the 3-mile Ohlone Greenway is the shared job of El
Cerrito, Albany and Berkeley.

The Richmond Greenway narrows where the old train right of way was taken up by
BART tracks, but other stretches are wide enough to accommodate basketball
courts and sport fields, said Councilman Tom Butt.

"Past 23rd Street, it's pretty expansive," Butt said. "There is a big need in
those areas for recreational facilities."

Butt has pushed the city's Redevelopment Agency to obtain a parcel of land owned
by Adachi Associates, which Butt calls the linchpin on the eastern end between
Interstate 80 and San Pablo Avenue. El Cerrito bought a segment of the parcel.
Adachi representative Nick Stefan said the firm would consider an offer of
$750,000.

"It is possible that once the property is acquired, the city could prepare a
master plan and sell part of it back to an investor for a development that would
complement the restored Baxter Creek and the Greenway," Butt said in a memo to
city officials.

Reach Rebecca Rosen Lum at 510-262-2713 or rrosenlum@cctimes.com.

Richmond Greenway basics

2 -mile trail linking Ohlone Greenway in El Cerrito and the Bay Trail

Land acquired in 1979; designated open space in 1991

Total project cost: $7 million

Plans include bicycle/pedestrian path, basketball courts and other facilities,
landscaping, Baxter Creek restoration

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2004 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              254 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             March 2, 2006 Thursday

Trails plan to connect communities;
Centerville, Washington Twp. residents would have more places to walk, bike

BYLINE: By Ken McCall kmccall@DaytonDailyNews.com

SECTION: CENTERVILLE BELLBROOK; Pg. Z2-1

LENGTH: 1015 words


CENTERVILLE - Earth is moving on the very first projects in what promises to be
a decadeslong program to make Centerville and Washington Twp. friendlier to
bicyclists and pedestrians.

Along Ohio 48, just north of Whipp Road, crews are putting in sidewalks north to
Rahn Road. Another section of missing sidewalk is going in on Paragon Road, just
north of Miamisburg-Centerville Road.

And officials from the park district and the cities of Centerville and Kettering
are waiting for news on a grant request that would help pay for the community's
first trail on an abandoned railroad right of way: a portion of the Iron Horse
Trail that would run from Interstate 675 north through Iron Horse Park and into
Kettering. Officials hope to begin construction on that project next spring.

The trails plan, adopted early last year by the city, the township and the
Centerville-Washington Park District board of directors, lays out a
comprehensive program to build, mark and promote multiuse trails throughout the
community.

Officially called the Creating Community Connections Multi-Use Trail Plan, the
document proposes 14 trails that would crisscross the community using a
combination of marked bike routes on low-traffic streets, separate paved trails
and sidewalks.

The plan would connect the community to trails leading to the Great Miami River
and the Little Miami River trails, north into Kettering and south into Warren
County.

Stein Pedersen, a longtime cyclist, co-owner of K&G Bike Center and member of
the task force that wrote the trails plan, said he got involved because people
keep telling him they're afraid to ride bikes around town.

"We're running out of places to ride," said Pedersen, who has been cycling for
35 years. "The problem we're having is street congestion, more cars nowadays. So
the plan gives people an avenue to find safe places to ride."

The plan is aimed at giving residents more opportunities to be physically
active, and getting them to use nonautomobile transportation as much as
possible, Pedersen said. Federal and state grants, such as the Clean Ohio Trails
Fund grant that would help build the Iron Horse Trail, are weighted toward
projects that promote nonmotorized commuting.

"The park system looks at it a little bit more recreationally," Pedersen said,
"but the whole idea is to connect our communities with our neighboring com-
munities with viable, safe, multipurpose paths."

The trail plan was sparked by numerous comments given by residents during the
city and township's Create the Vision master planning process in 2004.

"What we were hearing is that our residents wanted a safer, more walkable
community," said Carol Kennard, director of the park district and leader of the
Multi-Use Trail Task Force, which drew up the plan.

"So you have to start with a plan, and then, even if it takes several years, you
can begin to develop it."

The adopted plan not only officially commits the community toward building
trails, it also helps secure federal and state grants, she said.

"One of the first things they ask, is 'Do you have a plan?' " Kennard said.

The task force developed a survey to measure the public's preferences on trails
and got more than 1,000 responses. The survey showed that people wanted trails
not only for bicycling, but also for walking, running and roller-blading.

Two-thirds of the respondents said they exercised outdoors between five to 10
times a month. Sixty-nine percent said they use existing trails in the region.
And half said it was important to connect the community's trails with those
already created in the Miami Valley.

People also said the ways they would most likely use the trails for exercise,
recreation, running errands and commuting to work.

Most people wanted trails that ran north/south and east/west along major roads
that connected to parks, schools, stores, libraries and other destinations.

By far, Kennard said, people said they would prefer trails that were paved and
separated from traffic. The problem, she said, is that the community is mostly
built out and space for separate trails is hard to find.

Nevertheless, the plan calls for construction of either separate trails or
"shared sidewalks" whenever road improvements are made along routes covered by
the plan and in all new developments.

It breaks the trails down into 32 separate construction projects totaling an
estimated $7.5 million. About 61 percent or $4.5 million of that estimated cost
would be borne by the township if everything is built, with the rest being split
between the city and park district.

The projects are also given priorities for construction in the plan. A dozen of
the projects are designated for construction by 2007.

Fifteen midterm projects are proposed for construction between 2008 and 2012.
Another five projects are called long term, to be built between 2013 and 2025.

New trails likely to be built in the next three years include a section along
Social Row Road west of Main Street, and from Social Row north past Schoolhouse
Park to connect to Clyo Road.

Much of the early work, however, will be in marked bike routes that direct
riders, runners and walkers through town on quiet streets, a much cheaper
alternative.

The park district, working with the Miami Conservancy District, just got about
$15,000 from the Miami Valley Regional Planning Commission to pay for bike route
signs, Kennard said. The park district will be working on a regional committee
to come up with a common design for bike route signs.

The plan calls for no marked bike lanes on existing roads, which are often
preferred by more experienced cyclists.

"In general, we're trying to do as much as we possibly can to get people away
from the streets," said Pedersen, who is chairman of the committee to monitor
implementation of the trails plan.

"Later down the road, there may be bike lanes. Those are fairly easy to set up."

Kennard said the plan is a great leap forward.

"We're thrilled we've been able to plan to improve walkability and give people
more options for safe transportation in modes other than the automobile," she
said.

Contact Ken McCall at 225-2393.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              255 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Maitland Mercury

                             June 18, 2013 Tuesday

Maitland charities and community organisations are

SECTION: EGN; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 133 words


Maitland charities and community organisations are to benefit from a new
national grants program designed to connect residents and foster inclusion
across Australian neighbourhoods.

As part of new Australia Post community program, Our Neighbourhood, grants of
between $1000 and $25,000 are available for community organisations in the
Hunter and Central Coast.

"We want to provide people with the financial support, tools and resources to
assist them in building healthier, inclusive communities," Australia Post
managing director and CEO Ahmed Fahour said. "These grants are just one
initiative of a broader plan to further support neighbourhoods and get them to
connect with each other."

The grant applications will close on Friday, June 28, at 5pm. For more
information visit www.ourneighbourhood.com.au

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2013 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              256 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                              July 5, 2010 Monday
                                  NC14 Edition

Your news Senior volunteer program receives $67,000 grant

BYLINE: Submitted by Jean Lamantia, TVC

SECTION: NEIGHBOR; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 451 words


On Wednesday, June 23, the Corporation for National and Community Service
awarded the Retired and Senior Volunteer Program of Northern Cook and DuPage
Counties a Program of National Significance Award, a special augment grant of
over $67,000.

RSVP, which is administered locally by The Volunteer Center of Northwest
Suburban Chicago, connects people 55 years of age and better with high-impact
volunteer opportunities throughout Chicago's Northwest suburbs. The grant will
allow RSVP to place skilled volunteers at local organizations that provide
educational, tutoring, literacy and after school services to students with
limited English proficiency.

"The support of volunteers is really essential as organizations face an
increasing demand for services and a decreasing amount of support in today's
economy," said Mary Fitzgibbons, executive director of TVC.

Facing budget cuts across school districts in Illinois, schools and educational
nonprofit programs need to find cost-effective solutions to maintain their
programs. By strategically placing skills-based volunteers at these
organizations, RSVP will connect them with professional expertise at no cost and
assist them in addressing administrative, marketing, and other challenges. This
will ultimately increase their capacity to help students succeed academically.

RSVP of Northern Cook and DuPage Counties was one of 48 "Programs of National
Significance" grantees. Authorized under the Edward M. Kennedy Serve America
Act, more than $1.2 million dollars in grants was awarded to RSVP programs to
expand and better target federal resources toward the nation's toughest
challenges.

"These grants will expand opportunities for more seniors to help transform their
communities through service," said Patrick Corvington, CEO of CNCS, the federal
agency that administers RSVP and its parent, Senior Corps.

Based in Arlington Heights, The Volunteer Center of Northwest Suburban Chicago
is a nonprofit with the mission to improve lives by developing, advancing and
promoting community volunteer initiatives. Since 1969, TVC
(www.volunteerinfo.net) has helped members of the community turn their
compassion into action by serving as a volunteerism resource for individuals and
companies, and providing capacity-building services to area nonprofits. Through
professional trainings, program consultations, and other services, TVC helps
organizations increase their impact on the community. As the largest volunteer
center in Illinois, TVC also places over 10,000 volunteers annually and supports
over 150 member agencies. TVC is an affiliate of the HandsOn Network and
sponsors the Retired and Senior Volunteer Program.

* Send Your news to nbrcalendar@dailyherald.com

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Courtesy of TVC The Volunteer Center of Northwest Suburban Chicago
received a major grant from the Corporation for National and Community Service.
Pictured, from left, are: Mary Fitzgibbons, executive director TVC; Tom Gaynor,
TVC board president; and Chris Smith, TVC associate executive director.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              257 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Lebanon Daily News (Pennsylvania)

                             April 28, 2006 Friday

Work progressing well on Aspens Business Park

BYLINE: By JOHN LATIMER Staff Writer Lebanon Daily News

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 485 words


Work is nearing completion on a road and other infrastructure improvements at
the Aspens Business Park in the city's northwest corner.

Developer and local attorney George Christianson yesterday gave a brief update
to the county commissioners on the progress at the site.

Christianson and his partner, Clair Zimmerman, have been working for about 10
years to develop the roughly 60-acre tract of land,  just south of Coleman Park
between 12th and 16th streets. Known locally as "The Concy," the land was once
part of Bethlehem Steel's conversion plant, where tons of iron ore from Cornwall
were extracted in a water-flotation process that left behind a slurry of crushed
stone -- known as schmutzy -- which was spread on the surrounding land. For
about 50 years, it has lain fallow.

To date, the biggest changes on the property have all been residential and
include construction of homes at the Aspens Retirement Community and the
recently completed Willows Senior Apartments.

The road through the tract connects 12th Street to 16th Street, where it enters
the retirement community. One spur to the south connects it with Lehman Street,
just west of the Lebanon Recycling Center. And one to the north connects it with
Route 72 at the exit of Coleman Park. Paving to complete the road is scheduled
for next week, said Christianson.

Building a road and making other infrastructure improvements, including adding
sewer and water, have made the site more attractive to businesses, Christianson
said. The site is also desirable because it is one of the city's tax-free
Keystone Opportunity Zones until 2013.

"We've had quite a few inquiries, but until we get it finished we don't have any
stated commitments," Christianson said.

He envisions that the property will attract light-industrial businesses looking
to occupy buildings between 10,000 and 20,000 square feet.

Christianson needed and received the commissioners' signature on paperwork
involving a state grant he received to make the infrastructure improvements from
the Department of Community and Economic Development in 2004.

That grant was presented in person by Gov. Ed Rendell but was overshadowed by
the grant presented at the same time to Bill Kolovani for his Central Market
Building project in downtown Lebanon.

Christianson's grant from the DCED was for $1.26 million and covered about half
of the project's cost, he said.

Originally, the federal government was going to chip in the other half,
Christianson said, but that deal fell through.

"The original grant was for the payment, half by the state and half by the
federal government," Christianson said. "As part of that we had agreed to put up
a incubator building. But the federal government had to bail out on that and we,
very simply, are paying about $1.2 million to put that road in."

Christianson said he would still like to have an incubator in the park to help
develop burgeoning technology businesses.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 Lebanon Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              258 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Kanata Kourier-Standard

                           January 13, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Concern over traffic impacts of Fernbank community plan

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 568  words


The subdivision plan for another section of the Fernbank community just east of
Terry Fox Drive in south Kanata had residents voicing concern over the traffic
impact on the entire community.

A handful of residents of the south Kanata and Stittsville areas attended the
required public meeting on developer Metric Homes' plan of subdivision located
on the east side of Terry Fox Drive, across from Castlefrank Road and north of
the Trans Canada Trail.

The plan shows the 14.5 hectares being used for 245 dwelling units, including
houses, townhouses and apartment buildings up to four storeys, a park and a
storm water management pond.

The application was made to the city a year ago, but the public meeting was held
off until the city's concerns over the placement of the park and homes along
Terry Fox Drive could be addressed, said the city planner on the file, Mary
Ellen Wood.

The .9-hectare park, which was originally planned for the centre of the
subdivision, was moved to the southeast corner to make it more serviceable and
to deal with grading concerns due to soft soil, said Murray White, a planner
with Novatech.

Houses that Metric planned to be built up against Terry Fox Drive were set
further back, with a drainage ditch, pathway and road in between the houses and
Terry Fox Drive, said Wood.

However, residents' concerns seemed focused on the traffic impact of the
subdivision and the Fernbank community as a whole.

One resident asked how the city plans to deal with increased traffic on
Castlefrank Road, as Abbott Street - which runs through the proposed subdivision
- is shown as connecting to Castlefrank Road.

Riley Carter, a city of Ottawa planner, said he doesn't foresee many drivers
using Castlefrank Road as it's a slower, narrower street, and "not a natural
path."

Kanata South Coun. Allan Hubley then suggested that Abbott Street not connect
with Castlefrank at all.

He added that, if staff has not set aside any money to deal with impacts on
Castlefrank Road, then there should be no connection.

Stittsville Coun. Shad Qadri noted, however, that the city has a mandate to
connect communities rather than segregate them.

Others at the meeting shared concern about the planned arterial road running
north and south through the Fernbank community, Robert Grant Avenue.

Asked whether the road would have its own connection to Highway 417, Carter said
no. Instead, the road would connect to Palladium, so Fernbank community members
could use Palladium or Terry Fox drives to get to the highway. The resident said
the possible impacts on Terry Fox Drive concerned them.

Another pointed out the many cross streets planned to connect with Robert Grant
Avenue. They asked whether this might slow traffic down considerably along the
arterial road, which is planned to be a bus rapid transit corridor.

Carter said the city and developers are considering having those cross streets
be restricted access roads, allowing only right turns out of or onto them to
keep buses on time and expedite traffic.

Hubley pointed out that OC Transpo doesn't expect to add any new buses to west
Ottawa during the next decade.

Carter said the buses would be paid for by the developers at first, until
sufficient ridership allows OC Transpo to take them over and at least break
even.

Comments on the Metric Homes subdivision plan can be made by contacting Wood at
613-580-2424, ext. 16482, or by email at maryellen.wood@ottawa.ca

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              259 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 21, 2014 Friday

Manchin Announces Nearly $1.3 Million to Rural Communities on National Rural
Health Day

LENGTH: 375  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Joe Manchin, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Today, on National Rural Health Day, U.S. Senator Joe Manchin announced
$1,225,611 in federal funding to CAMC Health Education and Research Institute,
Monongalia County General Hospital Company and West Virginia Network. The U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA) awarded the funding through its Distance
Learning and Telemedicine (DLT) Grant Program. The funds will be used in a
variety of ways to help remotely connect residents in West Virginia's rural
communities to medical services and educational opportunities.

"These smart investments will make it easier for West Virginians living in
remote areas of our beautiful state to access the best available medical
resources and educational opportunities while not having to drive long distances
to our urban communities," Senator Manchin said. "This funding will provide
long-distance medical services and establish innovative learning tools, which
will truly help improve the quality of life for thousands of West Virginians."

The DLT Grant Program establishes interactive video conferencing to connect
patients and students in rural communities to their medical professionals,
teachers or experts in additional areas of expertise.

Listed below are the individual award amounts:

$229,368 - CAMC Health Education and Research Institute: Funding will be used to
increase access to mental health services for approximately 5,000 children and
adolescents living in the rural areas of Boone, Calhoun, Fayette, Greenbrier,
Jackson, Kanawha, Pocahontas, and Webster Counties.

$496,252 - Monongalia County General Hospital Company: Funding will be used to
connect medical professionals in Morgantown with health care providers and
patients in the rural areas of Barbour, Monongalia, Preston, Randolph, Taylor,
Tucker and Webster Counties.

$499,991- West Virginia Network: Funding will be used to provide classroom video
conferencing capabilities at twelve West Virginia campuses and create a mobile
application that will enable instruction for adults seeking to complete a
Regents Bachelor of Arts degree.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              260 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Georgina Advocate

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Georgina school gets $500 grant to connect classrooms to nature

SECTION: COMMUNITY; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 420  words


A Georgina elementary school won $500 for its idea of "going wild."

R.L. Graham P.S. in Keswick was one of 40 schools in the province to win a $500
grant from World Wildlife Fund Canada to connect classrooms to nature.

The grant will enable R.L. Graham Public School's Ecoteam and other interested
Graham students to participate in after-school hikes in local tracts of the York
Regional Forest and Sibbald Point Provincial Park, explained the school's
project lead Susan Sheard, who gratefully acknowledged the financial and moral
support of WWF-Canada.

The object of the school's Project Let's Take a Hike is two-fold, Sheard
explained.

"The goal is not only to foster the students' love, appreciation, knowledge and
curiosity about local forests and some of the challenges facing forest
ecosystems, but also help fend off nature deficit disorder."

During the hikes, R.L. Graham teachers will engage students in a variety of fun
activities designed to inspire them to ask questions, make discoveries and
reflect on their observations and feelings about being in the forest.

The hikers will be reporting on their discoveries in The Advocate and via the
school's Twitter account.

Grade 4 students were out kick-sledding, while Grade 2 students strapped on
snowshoes for a hike in Sibbald Point Provincial Park last Friday.

"They loved it," Sheard said, adding students had a ball investigating a hollow
tree to see if there was evidence that it might be an animal habitat.

The WWF grants are part of a pilot program to encourage students to take action
for nature.

WWF's Go Wild school grants program asked teachers and students nationwide from
kindergarten to Grade 8 to share ideas to connect their school communities to
nature.

From bat boxes to monarch butterfly gardens, the imaginative responses from
coast to coast inspired the organization.

"When we launched Go Wild school grants, our goal was to increase students'
understanding of environmental issues and inspire environmental leadership and
action within their school community," David Miller, president and CEO of
WWF-Canada, said.

"We received more than 100 ideas from across the country, from every province
and territory. This shows that future generations want to be stewards of the
environment and we are happy to help them bring their projects to life.
Congratulations to all the grant recipients."

WWF aims to create solutions to the most serious conservation challenges facing
our planet to help people and nature thrive.

Sidebar: For more information, visit wwf.ca.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              261 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 Sampson Independent (Clinton, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 16, 2017 Thursday

SCC projects proposed at $4.7M

BYLINE: Kristy D. Carter, The Sampson Independent, Clinton, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 652 words


March 16--Officials with Sampson Community College have identified some of the
improvements and facility needs that need to be addressed on the local campus,
which will be funded through the Connect NC Public Improvement Bond.

During a Board of Trustees meeting earlier this week, Dr. Bill Starling, vice
president of academic affairs and administration, informed school administration
and board members that the college could receive grant support to assist with
the construction of a welding and metal fabrication facility.

In March 2016, the $2 billion bond passed, and includes $4,774,533 for new
construction, repairs and renovations at Sampson Community College.

"This is a huge opportunity for the college to make important changes to the
physical plant to move us forward into the future," Hutchins said during an
interview following the passing of the bond.

As part of the $2 billion bond, $980 million will be invested into the state's
17 universities. The vast majority of these improvements will build facilities
that will improve teaching and research in the science, technology, engineering
and math (STEM) fields. Additionally, $350 million will go to the state's 58
community colleges, including Sampson, primarily for new construction, repairs
and renovations on the 58 campuses.

According to Starling, he and Lisa Turlington, SCC Foundation director, attended
a regional economic development meeting and met with regional and state
representatives to discuss possible Economic Development Administration grant
support for the college's capital expansion.

"Traditional EDA grants provide matching funds on a dollar-for-dollar basis to
support public projects that contributed to the economic growth of a region,"
Starling shared.

During the meeting, Starling said he and Turlington learned that the welding and
metal fabrication facility project could qualify for up to 80 percent funding
under special provisions for areas, like Sampson, that were affected by
Hurricane Matthew.

"If successful, NC Connect Bond funds originally identified for the welding
facility could be recommitted to other capital needs," Starling said.

If awarded grant support, Starling explained that leftover funds could be
utilized to build a truck driving facility if an application specifically for
the project was submitted to the EDA in the next fiscal year. NC Connect Bond
funds would be used to match EDA funds.

The proposed cost of the welding and metal fabrication facility is $2.3 million.
If the grant is approved, the $1.75 million saved would be utilized in other
areas at the college.

"This grant could free up bond money for other projects we are planning for,"
Turlington said.

In an outline of possible mechanisms to leverage needed funds for build a truck
driving facility, Starling indicated that a subsequent application specifically
for truck driving could be submitted to EDA in the next fiscal year using the
saved NCConnect funds to match additional EDA funds.

In assessing possibilities for funding, Turlington indicated that regional and
state representatives for EDA have been very encouraging.

"We have received verbal assurances that our initial proposal will be approved
inviting a full grant application," Turlington said. "This is all going to
happen fairly quickly, as the requested funds are part of this federal fiscal
year ending in September."

Starling shared with the board that Sampson County economic developer John Swope
is on board and has assisted in making the proposal.

Reach Kristy D. Carter at 910-592-8137, ext. 2588. Follow us on Twitter at
@SampsonInd. Like us on Facebook.

RECOMMENDED FOR YOU

4:49 pm |

Ducks Unlimited annual banquet set for March 25

4:25 pm |

SCC projects proposed at $4.7M

4:02 pm |

Illuminating a dark history

___ (c)2017 The Sampson Independent (Clinton, N.C.) Visit The Sampson
Independent (Clinton, N.C.) at www.clintonnc.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170316-1SM-SCC-projects-proposed-at-4.7M-0316-20170316

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1SM


                       Copyright 2017 Sampson Independent


                              262 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 9, 2012 Tuesday

Pennsylvania: Fourteen projects receive Susquehanna Greenway mini-grants

LENGTH: 806  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


Council of Governments, The State of Pennsylvania has issued the following news
release:


Fourteen projects have been awarded grants through Connecting Susquehanna
Greenway River Towns, the Susquehanna Greenway Partnership's (SGP) mini-grant
program, financed in part through the Pennsylvania Department of Conservation
and Natural Resources (DCNR).  The projects are intended to further connect
individuals to the Susquehanna River, which runs through the heart of the
Keystone State.  Among them are trails, parks, and projects related to water
quality or public access.



The mini-grants, which total $60,000, range from $500 to $8,000.  Grant
recipients are leveraging the grants with an additional $203,000 in cash and
in-kind contributions.  Projects which received grants include the following:

Armstrong Township Greenway, Recreation and Open Space Plan: $5,000 to define an
open space network and the potential for conservation development and recreation
areas to connect residents with the River Walk, South Williamsport Recreation
Area, the West Branch Susquehanna River and Bald Eagle Ridge.

Berwick Test Track Trail Enhancement Project: $7,000, for picnic tables, trail
improvements and mile markers along the North Branch Susquehanna River.

Buffalo Creek Water Trail Map: $500 for development of a map to promote the new
water trail connecting with the West Branch Susquehanna River.

Buffalo Valley Rail Trail Conceptual Design to Connect Trail to West Branch
Susquehanna River: $5,000 for developing a conceptual plan for the remaining
portion of the trail through Lewisburg east of 5th Street to the West Branch.

Curwensville - Irvin Park Enhancements: $2,000 for new picnic tables and benches
along the West Branch Susquehanna River.

Danville River Town Signage Implementation Plan: $2,500 for creating a sign
implementation plan in Danville, using the Susquehanna Greenway Sign Design
Guidelines.

Danville Riverfront Trail Kiosk: $2,500 for implementation of the Danville
Riverfront Plan [#x2500] Creating an Active and Connected Community.

Millersburg River Bank Protection Study:  $2,500 for a feasibility study to
examine the erosion problems in Riverfront Park caused by the Susquehanna River
and identify alternatives to protect the river bank and the park.

Montgomery Gateway Tree Plantings: $5,000 for tree plantings within the
floodplain of the West Branch Susquehanna River and at gateways into the
community and along pedestrian walkways that connect downtown to the River.

Muncy Heritage Park & Nature Trail: $5,000 for designing and constructing the
last section of the Nature Trail to connect the tow path with Muncy's
residential area.

Ned Smith Center Trails Erosion Control Improvements: $6,000 for redesign and
reconstruction of ADA accessible trails to prevent erosion and sediment loads to
Wiconisco Creek near its confluence with the Susquehanna River.

Pineknotter Park Signage: $2,500 for a park entrance sign using the Susquehanna
Greenway Sign Design Guidelines.

Tozer's Landing Riverfront Trail Improvement Project: $8,000 for implementing
Bradford County Open Space, Greenways, and Outdoor Recreation Plan. This project
will improve public access to the Chemung River at its confluence with the North
Branch Susquehanna River near Athens, Sayre and South Waverly.

Watsontown Susquehanna Greenway Gateway: $5,000 for developing a conceptual
master plan for the Greenway Gateway Park and streetscape between the West
Branch Susquehanna River and Main Street, and along Canal Street.

Wilkes-Barre Bike Share Brochure: $1,500 for promoting the free bike share
program managed by the Gennetti Hotel in downtown Wilkes-Barre, and to provide
people with information about the Susquehanna River Levee Trail.

Commenting on the mini-grant program, Trish Carothers, Executive Director, SGP,
said, " The Susquehanna Greenway Partnership is pleased to partner with the DCNR
to award $60,000 in mini-grants to community partners along the Susquehanna.
SGP is dedicated to creating and sustaining the Susquehanna Greenway, an
interconnected corridor of parks, trails, river access points, conserved areas
along the 500 miles of the Susquehanna River in Pennsylvania.

"The Susquehanna Greenway is taking shape thanks to efforts of many local
partners and volunteers, and funding assistance from state and federal agencies,
individual and business donors. The projects that are being funded today may be
small in scale, but they are building critical connections that will spur
further trail, park and conservation projects which will make our region one of
the most desirable places to live in the country.  The grant recipients not only
share our vision for 500 miles of interconnected river towns, trails and parks
[#x2500] they are helping us to plan it and build it."

For further information please visit: http://www.seda-cog.org

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2012 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              263 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Southern Highland News

                                December 8, 2015

SECTION: COMMUNITY

LENGTH: 255  words


TWO Highlands based environmental projects will receive nearly $1 million in
funding.

This is aimed at kick-starting conservation projects across the Goulburn
electorate.

The funding is part of more than $7.5 million in state government bush connect
grants across NSW.

Member for Goulburn Pru Goward said the grants would help to implement long-term
environmental solutions in the region.

Greening Australia NSW received $486,739 for its Wall 2 Wollondilly project.

This is intended to enhance the east-west connectivity by coordinating
community, government and non-government organisations to deliver revegetation,
weed management, education and landholder capacity building.

The National Parks Association of NSW was given $500,000 to target ecological
connectivity in the Illawarra escarpment from Macquarie Pass to East Robertson.

The bush connect grants provide funding of between $250,000 and $500,000 each,
for the first six years of the projects.

"The 16 projects will span the Great Eastern Ranges, from the north of the state
to the southern border," Ms Goward said.

"This program is designed to encourage partnerships between community
environment groups or networks, farmers and non-government organisations to
complete important environmental work."

The grant program requires projects to run for a minimum of 10 years.

The Environmental Trust and the applicant will jointly fund up to 80 per cent of
the total project cost for the first six years.

The project will contribute the remaining 20 per cent over the final four years.

LOAD-DATE: December 09, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              264 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             July 14, 2016 Thursday

Nonprofit news and notes

BYLINE: Brattleboro Reformer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 467 words


BRATTLEBORO &GT;&GT; Four non-profit organizations in Windham County received a
total of $5,660 in Small and Inspiring grants from the Vermont Community
Foundation for local projects in the first half of 2016. One of a number of
competitive grant rounds at the Community Foundation, the Small and Inspiring
grants program funds work that helps connect people to their neighbors, their
land, and their history in ways that strengthen community.

Community Foundation fundholders partnered with the Foundation in making some of
the grants.

"The projects we support through this program embody the sense of community in
Vermont that we all know and cherish," said Jen Peterson, Vice President for
Program and Grants. "We are proud to support efforts that bring neighbors
together to help one another and to celebrate our shared humanity. Now more than
ever, this kind of work is vital."

Brattleboro Area Middle School received $1,160 to support a program in which
student participants will learn about the history, goals, and mission of the
charitable organization Emmy's Heart while creating empowering gifts to donate
to patients at local children's hospitals.

BrattRock received $1,500 to support a one-day youth rock music festival which
provides a venue for young musicians and bands from Brattleboro and the
surrounding region to gather, connect, learn, perform, and inspire.

Putney Public Library received $2,000 to support Parenting for Social Justice, a
program where parents will use children's books on social justice issues to gain
tools and skills for talking with their children about topics like racism,
wealth inequality, and diverse families. Kids will simultaneously learn about
social justice topics in workshops led by high school students.

The town of Brattleboro received $1,000 to support the establishment of an
off-leash dog park to increase recreational opportunities, create community
among dog owners, and diversify tourism assets in southern Vermont.

Nonprofits interested in applying for a Small and Inspiring grant are encouraged
to visit www.vermontcf.org/SmallandInspiring for more information. There are two
remaining rounds in 2016, with deadlines at 5 p.m. on July 26 and Oct.
11.Greater Falls hosts barbecue on July 21

BELLOWS FALLS &GT;&GT; The Annual Greater Falls Connections Barbecue is set for
July 21 at the Rockingham Rec Center from 5 to 7 p.m. This is a fun summer
potluck to celebrate inspiration, community and prevention. During the barbecue
there will be the official announcement of this year's ACE Award (Active
Community Engagement) winner.

Bring a dish to share. GFC will provide the hamburgers and hot dogs.

For more information, contact Scott Sharland, Program Specialist, Greater Falls
Connections, at scott@greaterfallsconnections.org or 802-463- 9927, ext. 213.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              265 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                          February 9, 2011, Wednesday

Appalachian Power bestows grants to Skyview Garden Club

SECTION: METRO EAST; Pg. P7

LENGTH: 311 words


Skyview Garden Club received an AEP Connects grant from Appalachian Power, an
affiliate of American Electric Power, in honor of John and Scott Rader's
significant volunteer service to the club and their community projects.

Mary Lou Rader, mother of John and Scott, presented the checks for "Dollars for
Doers" grants totaling $300 to Skyview Garden Club President Drema Clark. Clark
expressed the appreciation of the club to Mary Lou, John and Scott and AEP for
the checks, which will be used for future projects of the garden club.

The AEP Connects program recognizes the commitment of AEP employees and retirees
to their communities and supports causes that are important to groups such as
Skyview Garden Club and the projects they work with. Some of the Skyview Garden
Club's projects include those with the hearing- and speech-impaired children of
Shoals Elementary School and the beautification of the Shoals school grounds,
and the Knollwood community playground, where the club planted some additional
trees this past summer, made improvements to the wooden structures and graveled
the parking lot. The playground is completely maintained and improved each year
by the garden club.

Michael Morris, AEP chairman, president and chief executive officer, says that
more than 780 grants representing 130,000 volunteer hours donated by AEP
employees and retirees and their families were made last year across AEP's
11-state service territory.

"Although no monetary grant can compare to the value of the time our employees
and retirees give to worthwhile causes," Morris said, "the $150 grants made by
this program in the names of AEP volunteers will help schools and nonprofit
organizations meet the challenges of fulfilling important human needs."

(The above article was submitted to Kanawha Valley Neighbors by Anna Bell Reed
of the Skyview Garden Club in Charleston.)

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Charleston Newspapers


                              266 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           November 12, 2015 Thursday

'Taste of Southern Vermont' supports local food systems

BYLINE: By Chris Mays cmays@reformer.com @CMaysBR on Twitter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 856 words


BRATTLEBORO   Save the date.

Saturday's Second Annual Taste of Southern Vermont, described as a celebration
of local food, brew and culinary talent, starts at 6 p.m. at the Brattleboro
Museum & Art Center.

"It serves as one of our major annual fundraisers for our non-profit
organization," said Helen Rortvedt, Food Connects' farm to community program
manager. "Our mission is to cultivate a healthy community and healthy
connections between classrooms, cafeterias and communities. We fashion this
event as a way to bring our mission to life while also generating some financial
support for our organization and the work we do."

Tickets are available for $50 at
eventbrite.com/e/2nd-annual-taste-of-southern-vermont-tickets-18535209310 .
Attendees can sample custom-made dishes created by 10 local chefs as they walk
around taking in the museum's art exhibits. The meals will be paired with local
products and desserts. Admission also comes with a drink ticket.

Taking part in this year's event will be chefs from Grafton Village Cheese
Retail, Whetstone Station, Rigani Wood-fired Pizza, Duo Restaurant, The
Gleanery, The Four Columns, Grace Cottage and The Williamsville Eatery. Also
participating are students in Twin Valley's Jr. Iron Chef program and Kindle
Farm School. Sweets will include Tavernier Chocolates and Chelsea Royal Madness
Ice Cream. Coffee and teas are coming from Mocha Joe's while Windham Wines' cash
bar will feature drinks from Hermit Thrush Brewery, Whetstone Station Brewery
and Vermont Wines.

"It's a wonderful evening," Rortvedt said of the event aimed primarily at
benefiting her group's Million Meals Campaign. "A major piece of our program is
farm to school. We work with about 30 schools in Windham County. But we reach
over into New Hampshire and Windsor County and also have statewide partnerships.
We consult with organizations and schools in other parts of the state as well."

Approximately 7,000 students will be served about 1 million meals this year,
said Rortvedt, whose group hopes to improve the quality of the food. They want
to bring in fresher and more local foods.

Due to the importance of meals which provide kids with nutrition and energy,
Rortvedt said efforts to make the meals better are already underway.

"But there's still a long way to go," she said, adding that Food Connects puts
time into getting more state and federal funds for reimbursements for its
programming. "The more revenue, the more we're able to spend on higher quality
food and ingredients. That's a big part of what we do. That's been a focus of
our work this year."

One in four children in Windham County are food insecure, according to Food
Connects. And studies show food insecurity affects academic performance and
behavior.

The organization also runs Windham Farm and Food, an aggregation and
distribution food hub. In 2014-2015, over $200,000 of locally produced food from
50 buyers was reported to have gone to over 50 buyers within a 30-mile radius of
Brattleboro.

Deliveries are made to local institutions. Acknowledging these places' limited
budgets but their ability to serve people, Rorvedt said Food Connects saw a
niche and a way to provide healthy meals.

"We saw a need to help schools and hospitals access food at a more affordable
price. Also, it's kind of a one-stop shopping for busy food directors who don't
have time to manage relationships with 30 farms. We're able to provide an online
ordering system from a variety of farms," said Rortvedt, noting that a recent
$40,000 U.S. Department of Agriculture grant and another grant from the Fanny
Holt Ames and Edna Louise Holt Fund assisted in expanding her group's
deliveries.

The Holt Fund had given Food Connects money for its farm-to-school programs as
part of a two-year grant. Now, the Holt Fund is allowing them to use some of the
funding to purchase a new truck.

"Holt made up the difference from USDA on the cost of the truck," said Rortvedt.
"It is on the road officially this week."

This was all in response to identifying one of the area's biggest needs,
Rortvedt told the Reformer, referring to schools not having access to local
food. She said Saturday's event is a way to "round out our programming."

"We operate with a significant amount of grant funds, corporate sponsorships and
this is our main way to raise money. It's also a way to connect the community
around food," she added. "We have a lot of local artists and businesses donating
items for the silent auction."

Last year, approximately 200 people showed up. Tickets sold out and the
building's occupancy capacity was reached. Food Connects is hoping to repeat
that and they're recommending people purchase their tickets ahead of time. If
tickets are still available on the day of the event, they will be sold at the
door.

According to Rortvedt, Food Connects was "officially founded" in 2013 after
approximately seven years of food system and food security programming was
addressed by a group under Post Oil Solutions. The organization is now an
established nonprofit with "a specific focus" on food systems and support.

Contact Chris Mays at cmays@reformer.com or 802-254-2311, ext. 273.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SUBMITTED PHOTOTickets to last year's Taste of Southern Vermont sold
out.
SUBMITTED PHOTOA dish from last year's Taste of Southern Vermont.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              267 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 25, 2016 Saturday

Eleven Delaware sites awarded grants for urban agriculture and community garden
projects

LENGTH: 593  words

DATELINE: New York



  Dover: Delaware Gov Commission has issued the following news release



  Eleven Delaware urban farm and community garden projects are receiving support
to grow and thrive through a new initiative designed to strengthen communities
and improve nutrition, Governor Jack Markell announced today.





 "Urban agriculture and community gardens are an amazing way to strengthen
neighborhoods and improve the quality of life," Gov. Markell said. "Over the
last several years we've seen a tremendous growth in the community garden
movement across Delaware and I'm pleased that our support is helping these
neighborhood treasures impact even more families with fresh, nutritious food,
connect kids with nature, and enrich the lives of the next generation."



 This year's pilot initiative awarded $10,000 in micro-grants from the Delaware
Department of Agriculture to community groups, religious institutions, schools
and other organizations. Governor Markell's budget proposal would double that
funding for the upcoming fiscal year.



 Governor Markell made the announcement at Kingswood Community Center in
Wilmington, one of the 11 grant recipients. Kingswood has had a small garden for
its clients for several years, and the grant funding will help it expand and add
more raised beds.



 "This support is incredibly helpful in our efforts to connect our families and
children with fresh food and the art of gardening," said Logan Herring,
executive director of the Kingswood Community Center. "It's wonderful to see the
children digging in the dirt, pulling weeds, and planting, and even better to
see their faces when their work produces fresh, delicious produce to enjoy."



 Under the Markell Administration, grassroots initiatives have led to the growth
of more than 70 community gardens or urban farms throughout the state, primarily
in New Castle County and Wilmington, growing from only a handful eight years
ago.



 The Delaware Department of Agriculture, which has provided technical and other
assistance, launched the micro-grants as another way to support these
communities, said Secretary of Agriculture Ed Kee, who praised other partners
including the Delaware Urban Farm and Food Coalition, the Delaware Center for
Horticulture, and Delaware Cooperative Extension.



 "From overgrown lots to school lawns, our neighborhoods have risen to the
challenge and planted gardens or started small urban farms," Kee said. "The
support that these diverse efforts have received is phenomenal, and these micro-
grants are a way to continue that support in years to come. A small amount of
funding can go a long way for a neighborhood looking to build raised beds or
purchase plants and seeds."



 This year's recipients include:



 &gt; Kingswood Community Center, Wilmington, $1,000

 &gt; Downtown Visions, Market Street Community Garden, Wilmington, $1,000

 &gt; Lutheran Community Services Community Food Pantry, Wilmington, $1,000

 &gt; Wilmington Friends School, $1,000

 &gt; Absalom Jones Senior Center, Wilmington, $1,000

 &gt; Elsmere Garden Society Community Garden, $500

 &gt; St. Nicholas' Episcopal Church Parish Garden, Newark, $1,000

 &gt; Healthy Foods for Healthy Kids at Pleasantville Elementary School, New
Castle, $960

 &gt; Kent Community Garden Collaborative, $590

 &gt; W. Reily Brown Elementary, Dover, $1,000

 &gt; Kent County 4-H Afterschool Program, $950



 The next application round will open in the fall. More information will be
available at de



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              268 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Chronicle (Australia)

                             June 18, 2013 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

IN BRIEF

BYLINE: The Chronicle

SECTION: A; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 195  words


AUSTRALIA POST PROGRAM Australia Post recently launched its new community
program - Our Neighbourhood - with the announcement of a national grants
program.

Grants of between $1000 and $25,000 are available for registered charities and
community organisations in the Capital South-East region to support their local
projects.

Australia Post managing director and chief executive Ahmed Fahour said they
wanted to provide people with the financial support, tools and resources that
would assist them in building healthier, more vibrant and inclusive communities.

"These grants are just one initiative of a broader plan to further support
Australian neighbourhoods and get them to connect with each other," he said.

Australia Post is calling for organisations to submit their applications for an
Our Neighbourhood community grant before the closing date of Friday, June 28.

Grants will be awarded to organisations with projects that help connect
communities and foster inclusion across Australian neighbourhoods.

The Our Neighbourhood program provides opportunities for people from varying
backgrounds and communities.

Application kits are available at any Australia Post retail outlet.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CH


       Copyright 2013 The Federal Capital Press of Australia PTY Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              269 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                     The Glenville Democrat (West Virginia)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                December 4, 2014

USDA Announces New Support to Help Schools Purchase More Food from Local Farmers

BYLINE: The Glenville Democrat staff

LENGTH: 1042  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced more than $5 million in grants for
82 projects spanning 42 states and the U.S. Virgin Islands that support the U.S.
Department of Agriculture's (USDA) efforts to connect school cafeterias with
local farmers and ranchers through its Farm to School Program. The program helps
schools purchase more food from local farmers and ranchers in their communities,
expanding access to healthy local food for school children and supporting local
economies. According to USDA's first-ever Farm to School Census released earlier
this year, school districts participating in farm to school programs purchased
and served over $385 million in local food in school year 2011-2012, with more
than half of participating schools planning to increase their purchases of local
food in the future.

"USDA is proud to support communities across the country as they plan and
implement innovative farm to school projects," said Vilsack. "These inspiring
collaborations provide students with healthy, fresh food, while supporting
healthy local economies. Through farm to school projects, community partners are
coming together to ensure a bright future for students, and for local farmers
and ranchers."

Secretary Vilsack made this announcement at Common Market, a pioneering food hub
in Philadelphia that connects wholesale customers to farmers in New Jersey,
Pennsylvania and Delaware. Common Market is receiving a grant to support their
"An Apple a Day" Program. The facility will act as a bridge between Pennsylvania
Family Farms, a small Pennsylvania value-added processor, and public charter
schools to provide food safety, product development, packaging, educational,
marketing, planning, ordering and delivery support to farm and school food
service partners.

Together, Common Market and the other selected projects will serve more than
4,800 schools and 2.8 million students, nearly 51 percent of whom live in rural
communities. A few additional examples include:

Tift County School System in Georgia will build on its current efforts to
provide agriculture and nutrition programs that are experiential, educational
and better connect students to local and regional food. Proposed activities
include retrofitting a school bus to serve as a farm bus/rolling
classroom,retrofittingacanningplant to preserve local tomatoes, and irrigating
the school farm to expand the growing season and increase yield.

Colonial School District in Delaware will have students and staff directly
engaged in the entire process of planning, growing and processing foods,
creating new menus, and placing healthy foods directly into school nutrition
programs. At the Historic Penn Farm, high school students will grow crops for
both the school's breakfast and lunch programs.

The Inter Tribal Buffalo Council in South Dakota intends to provide locally
raised tribal bison meat into the school lunch programs, procure other locally
produced food products, and implement school gardens.

The National Future Farmers of America Organization (FFA) will connect local
youth producers/FFA members to school food buyers and host a series of webinars
focused on developing state level partnerships.

For a complete list of FY 15 Farm to

School grant recipients, please visit:
http://www.Jhs.usda.gov/sites/default/fileslf2s/FY_2015_Grant_
A-ward_Summaries.pdf

USDA's Farm to School Grants help schools respond to the growing demand for
locally sourced foods and increase market opportunities for producers and food
businesses, including food processors, manufacturers, and distributors. Grants
will also be used to support agriculture and nutrition education efforts such as
school gardens, field trips to local farms, and cooking classes. USDA Farm to
School Conference and Event Grants support regional, state, and national
conferences, events and/or trainings that have a specific emphasis on developing
supply chain relationships by connecting local producers to school food buyers,
along with events and trainings that provide technical assistance or other
programming in the area of local procurement, food safety, culinary education
and integration of agriculture-based curriculum.

USDA's Farm to School Program is made possible by the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids
Act of 2010, which authorized USDA to provide grants and technical assistance to
help schools gain better access to local foods. Since 2012, USDA has awarded
$15.1 million in grants to 221 Farm to School projects in 49 states, the
District of Columbia, and the Virgin Islands. The Farm to School program is a
core element of the USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food Initiative, which
coordinates the department's work on local food systems.

USDA is focused on improving childhood nutrition and empowering f amilies to
make healthier food choices by providing science-based information and advice,
while expanding the availability of healthy food.

America's students now have healthier and more nutritious school meals due to
improved nutrition standards implemented as a result of the historic Healthy,
Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010.

USDA's MyPlate symbol and the resources at ChooseMyPlate.gov provide quick, easy
reference tools for parents, teachers, healthcare professionals and communities.

USDA awarded $5.2 million in grants to provide training and technical assistance
for child nutrition foodservice professionals and support stronger school
nutrition education programs.

Since 2009, USDA has provided $160 million in kitchen equipment funding to
states and schools. The President's fiscal year 2015 budget requests an
additional $35 million for kitchen equipment grants. These grants are one of
several ways that USDA is supporting schools as the implement the updated
nutrition standards.

USDA recently launched a pilot project, called Team Up for School Nutrition
Success, which is working with schools to identify challenges, provide free,
customized training, and match schools with mentors who have successfully
addressed similar challenges.

Collectively these policies and actions are helping to combat child hunger and
obesity, while improving the health and nutrition of the nation's children. For
more information on USDA's Farm to School Program, please visit
www.fns.usda.gov/farmtoschool.

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GNV

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2014 The Glenville Democrat


                              270 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 Republican & Herald (Pottsville, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 7, 2011 Thursday

Grant to help Haven develop river heritage action plan

BYLINE: Leslie Richardson, Republican & Herald, Pottsville, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 575 words


April 07--SCHUYLKILL HAVEN -- The borough is benefitting from grant funding to
help develop recreational opportunities and spur tourism in communities along
the Schuylkill River.

Schuylkill Haven officials met last week with Kurt Zwikl, Schuylkill River
Heritage Area executive director, Kara Wilson, a Schuylkill River Trail steward,
and Joanne Parulis and Kay Jones of Schuylkill County's VISION to get started on
a Heritage Action Plan, which VISION will help the borough create.

Schuylkill Haven received a $2,000 grant through the heritage area's new
Heritage Towns and Tours initiative. The money came through a second round of
funding created to accommodate more applicants.

"The Schuylkill River Heritage is looking to complete a river trail from
Philadelphia to Pottsville and we are looking to enhance the trail in Schuylkill
Haven," Schuylkill Haven Mayor Gary Hess said Wednesday. "We have the Island
Park project going on, and the trail actually goes around there, so it is the
ideal situation."

The borough is in the process of a five-phase revitalization project that
includes the Island project, Schuylkill River project, the Walk-In Art Center,
the Route 61 corridor and downtown revitalization.

Hess said the borough decided to bring VISION on board to connect the community
and the county.

"They bring a lot to the table, especially in seeing things not only good for
Schuylkill Haven, but good for all of Schuylkill County," Hess said. "We are
near the southern tip of Schuylkill County, and if we can connect to the rest of
Schuylkill County above us and Berks County below us, that will give us and the
entire county a leg up to get people to come in not only for tourism, but to
start businesses because of the tourism."

The heritage area's vision is to have a network of communities using their
historical, environmental and recreational resources to enhance visitors'
experiences, improve residents' quality of life and increase the positive
economic impact of these resources.

"SRHA received many more applications for the grant program than anticipated,
and after selecting the top five applications, we felt that there were still a
number of very strong applications that we wanted to encourage," Wilson said.
"So, whilst we could only offer the full grant to five communities, we managed
to make available funding to support communities with the creation of a Heritage
Action Plan for a further four applicants."

Schuylkill Haven has up to $2,000 in grant funds to create a Heritage Action
Plan using the Heritage Towns & Tours Toolkit.

Hess said the thought is that someone might come to Schuylkill Haven to open a
bike shop for people riding along the bike trail or someone might sell or rent
canoes near the boat launch.

"That's the pitch -- to look outside the box," Hess said.

The grants were made possible with funding from the William Penn Foundation and
are intended to support communities along the Schuylkill River land and water
trails, Laura Catalano, SRHA staff writer said.

The heritage area covers Schuylkill, Berks, Chester, Montgomery and Philadelphia
counties.

To see more of the Republican & Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.republicanherald.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Republican & Herald,
Pottsville, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110407-RN-Grant
-to-help-Haven-develop-river-heritage-action-plan-0407-20110407

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RN


                       Copyright 2011 Republican & Herald


                              271 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Hawk Eye (Burlington, Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 22, 2014 Friday

Group formed to help guide trail construction

BYLINE: William Smith, The Hawk Eye, Burlington, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 354 words


Aug. 22--FORT MADISON -- Construction on a 1.5-mile walking trail that will wind
around Fort Madison is set to begin next spring.

A group of community members have joined together to create an organization
dedicated to developing recreational trails in Fort Madison. The group, called
PORT (Promoting Outdoor Recreational Trails) of Fort Madison, has made it their
mission to improve and promote the walkability, run-ability and bike-ability of
Fort Madison.

"We're really excited about it," said committee member Angie Budnik.

PORT is operating as a subcommittee under the Parks and Recreation Department
with seed money from RAGBRAI 2013 and the Lake Cooper Trail fund. The need for
additional recreation opportunities was identified as one of the city's
five-year goals.

Three initial phases have been identified by PORT:

--Phase 1 -- A 3,000-foot section of trail that will connect Ivanhoe Park to
Bluff Road Trail.

--Phase 2 -- A 2,750-foot section of trail that will connect Fort Madison Middle
School to the sports complex.

--Phase 3 -- A roughly 3,000-foot section of trail will connect the sports
complex to Fort Madison Community Hospital.

The estimated cost of the project is $1 million, which includes a 10-foot-wide
concrete path. The committee has received several grants for the project,
including a $75,000 matching Wellmark Wellness Grant, a $10,000 Lee County
Charitable Foundation grant, and a $500 grant from the William Kuhlmeier Trust.

The committee's first fundraising event will take place Oct. 25. The
Spooktakular Boo-Athlon will consist of a kids' fun run, a 5K run, a 10-mile
bike ride and a duathlon (run and bike) at Riverview Park.

PORT is accepting individual and corporate donations for the development of the
trails and a corporate campaign will kick off later in the fall.

PORT holds monthly planning meetings at 8:30 a.m. on the first Wednesday of each
month at the Ivy Bake Shop. Interested community members are encouraged to join
the planning committee.

___ (c)2014 The Hawk Eye (Burlington, Iowa) Visit The Hawk Eye (Burlington,
Iowa) at www.thehawkeye.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140822-QW-Group-formed-to-help-guide-trail-construction-0822-20140822

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QW


                          Copyright 2014 The Hawk Eye


                              272 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Chronicle (Australia)

                             June 18, 2013 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

IN BRIEF

BYLINE: The Chronicle

SECTION: A; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 196  words


AUSTRALIA POST PROGRAM Australia Post recently launched its new community
program - Our Neighbourhood - with the announcement of a national grants
program.

Grants of between $1000 and $25,000 are available for registered charities and
community organisations in the Capital South-East region to support their local
projects.

Australia Post managing director and chief executive Ahmed Fahour said they
wanted to provide people with the financial support, tools and resources that
would assist them in building healthier, more vibrant and inclusive communities.

''These grants are just one initiative of a broader plan to further support
Australian neighbourhoods and get them to connect with each other," he said.

Australia Post is calling for organisations to submit their applications for an
Our Neighbourhood community grant before the closing date of Friday, June 28.

Grants will be awarded to organisations with projects that help connect
communities and foster inclusion across Australian neighbourhoods.

The Our Neighbourhood program provides opportunities for people from varying
backgrounds and communities.

Application kits are available at any Australia Post retail outlet.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CH


       Copyright 2013 The Federal Capital Press of Australia PTY Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              273 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             May 17, 2007 Thursday

Concord may replace pool with 'sprayground'

BYLINE: By Kellie Applen STAFF WRITER

SECTION: MY TOWN; Central Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 531 words



     ·    WHAT: Public input meeting on proposal to convert Meadow Homes Pool
          into a sprayground



     ·    WHERE: Meadow Homes Park multipurpose room, corner of Sunshine Drive
          and Detroit Avenue, Concord


     ·    WHEN: 6:30-8 p.m. Tuesday, May 29


By Kellie Applen STAFF WRITER

CONCORD -- One of Concord's two community pools may be replaced with a water
playground. That's one of the options the city staff is considering for the
Meadow Homes Pool, which they've been planning to renovate for more than a year.

The $1 million project was delayed twice, first because engineers uncovered soil
problems and then construction bids the city received were higher than expected.
On May 29, the staff will hold a public meeting to see what residents think
about getting rid of the pool and building a so-called sprayground instead.

"That park is one of the most heavily used in Concord, and unfortunately the
pool comparatively is not as well used," said Danea Gemmell, senior civil
engineer. "In light of the amount of money we are spending, we want to make sure
that what we put in something the public actually wants." The 43-year-old pool,
which opens June 18 for the summer, has rusted pipes, chipped plaster and cracks
in the decking. The city has been cited by county health officials for not
meeting current health code standards, such as proper fencing, according to Joan
Carrico, director of the city's Community and Recreation Services Department.

The pool is safe, but the codes in place when it was constructed have changed,
Carrico said. The city had planned to pay for the repairs using about $590,000
of parkland funds, which are developers' fees set aside for park maintenance. A
state grant, the Urban Parks Healthy Communities grant, would cover the
remainder.

If the city decides to replace the pool with a sprayground, it will ask for
permission to use the grant to pay for it, Gemmell said. The pool is one of
several capital improvement projects that building, engineering and neighborhood
services have in the works for 2007 and 2008. Gemmell said many of the projects
are aimed toward making the city more pedestrian and bicycle friendly.

By the end of the summer, a new sidewalk will run along San Miguel Road next to
the Concord Skate Park. At Concord Community Park, the reservation picnic sites
will be moved and improved by the end of 2007 with new picnic tables, a new
barbecue and sink. The projects, which will cost about $300,000, are being paid
for with grants.

"We've become very aggressive at going after grants," Gemmell said, "because
money is so tight." Other improvement projects, most of which are grant-based,
scheduled for construction in 2007-2008 include:


     ·    A new signal and wheelchair-accessible sidewalk at Willow Pass Road
          and Sutter Street.


     ·    A pedestrian bridge over Galindo Creek to connect the East Bay Riding
          and Hiking Trail.



     ·    The Commerce Avenue Bridge over Pine Creek will connect Waterworld
          Parkway with Commerce Avenue.


     ·    A new sidewalk on Concord Boulevard will connect Farm Bureau Road to
          Sattler Drive.



     ·    A new sidewalk along Mesa Street to serve pedestrians and bicycle
          along BART Linear Park.


Kellie Applen covers Concord and Clayton. Reach her at 925-943-8196 or
kapplen@cctimes.com .

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              274 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                             March 15, 2010 Monday

Going the 'middle mile'

BYLINE: Editorial

SECTION: EDITORIALS

LENGTH: 296 words


Monday March 15, 2010 In 2010, nothing may have more of an impact on a community
in terms of economic growth than broadband access. The Internet is one
consistent growth area in a period of economic stagnation. That growth will
continue in the years ahead, and is likely to be even more dramatic. The
Berkshires cannot afford to be left out, and we don't believe it will be. A
state survey in 2009 found that 33 communities were not served or were
underserved by high- speed Internet access, and of those 33, 14 were in the
Berkshires. Last year came the creation of the Massachusetts Broadband
Initiative (MBI), a public-private effort that has already succeeded in closing
the broadband gap between densely populated and lightly populated areas around
the state. Governor Patrick and the Legislature have made extending broadband
access a priority, and groups like WesternMA Connect (a combination of the
former Berkshire Connect and Pioneer Valley Connect) have been instrumental in
the progress made in the western end of Massachusetts. The latter received a
$500,000 grant a year ago to expedite broadband planning activities.

The MBI is applying for federal stimulus funds designated for broadband access
to construct a "middle mile" network that would be of considerable benefit to
the western part of the state. Considering how the rural communities of the
Berkshires have lagged in getting broadband service, an excellent argument can
be made for federal grant money to be targeted to this region through the
"middle mile" effort.

The Berkshires are an attractive place to live, and with state-of-the-art
Internet access, the region will be even more attractive to small businesses and
those who work out of their home. To make this reality, we must go the middle
mile.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              275 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                Bowen Independent (North Queensland, Australia)

                             June 1, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Bowen Edition

QCoal support is key

SECTION: CLASSIFIEDS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 332 words


The QCoal Foundation has been a key partner of the Collinsville Regional
Experience (REX) program since it started four years ago, and that partnership
is set to continue.

The Foundation has decided to continue its support of this initiative with the
next placements scheduled for July this year.

The REX program brings students from James Cook University (JCU) to Collinsville
to complete work experience placements as part of their studies, giving students
exposure to living and working in a regional rural community, and helping the
town benefit from the skills and enthusiasm of the students.

Earlier this year students studying across a number of disciplines at JCU were
hosted by various Collinsville businesses and organisations to gain some
practical experience in their chosen professions.

This placement saw the participants working at The Northern Hub with Thiess
(Engineering), at Hillside Haven (Nursing) at the Collinsville Pharmacy
(Pharmacy) and at the Collinsville Connect Telecentre (Engineering and
Planning).

The QCoal Foundation has further cemented its partnership with the Collinsville
Connect Telecentre through a new 2020 Community Growth Grant of $15,000.

Awarded annually in December, the 2020 Community Growth Grants support community
-led initiatives to improve livability, health and education in communities
throughout rural and remote Queensland.

The Collinsville Connect Telecentre provides comprehensive Information
Communication Technology (ICT) services and support to the Collinsville and
Scottville communities and has played a key role in community initiatives such
as the Pit Pony Experience.

Meanwhile, the QCoal Community Dental Service recently celebrated its third
anniversary of delivering mobile dental health services to rural and remote
Queenslanders.

The service has treated its 7000th patient, visited more than 20 communities and
travelled over 40,000km since starting in 2013.It was recently in Collinsville
with many locals benefiting from the service.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Bowen Independent


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              276 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            June 10, 2015 Wednesday
                              WED REGIONAL Edition

Playing naturally

BYLINE: Jason Blevins

SECTION: ASECTION; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 991 words


Santiago Martos has never spent much time in the woods.

On Monday he and his younger brother, Jose, came close to camping as they
carefully stacked logs next to the South Platte River near their home.

"This is our secret hideout," 13 year old Santiago said, his shorts damp from
scavenging limbs near the river. "It really feels like we are out in the woods.
It doesn't feel like a park."

That's the idea behind the new Johnson Habitat Park, a riverfront jungle of
rocks, tree trunks and climbing platforms funded by Great Outdoors Colorado and
the Greenway Foundation: connecting kids with nature a few blocks from their
homes.

And that's the goal of GOCO's new Inspire Initiative, an ambitious, five year
$25 million grant program that aims to help 15 Colorado communities develop
close to home natural experiences on trails, in parks, near rivers and woods.
Those experiences can connect a kid's backyard to the backcountry, a necessary
coupling for the next generation in charge of the nation's treasure trove of
wildlands.

It's a significant shift for GOCO, which has directed $825 million in lottery
proceeds toward open space conservation, trails and outdoor recreation areas
across Colorado since it was created by voters in 1992.

Inspiring a love for the outdoors in future generations of Coloradans is the
next critical step in GOCO's mission to protect lands and connect people with
wild places.

"Across the state, whether it's Fort Morgan, Lamar, Montrose or downtown Denver,
there's an angst by citizens, and parents in particular, that their children are
not getting outside the way we did," GOCO executive director Lise Aangeenbrug
said.

GOCO has spent three years and $2.8 million building nature inspired playgrounds
in 30 Colorado communities, reaching 12,000 kids. The Inspire Initiative evolved
from those shaded, rock and wood play yards.

The program kicks off in October with five $100,000 grants and 10 $25,000 to
$75,000 grants for communities grantees can be a neighborhood, a town, a county
or a region that are ready to serve as Inspire Initiative pioneers. GOCO sent
requests for proposals to communities across Colorado this week. The initial
money will help community groups develop their recreational plans, identify
sites for natural recreation near homes, spark programs that would fill those
parks with kids and find potential partners to help fund the efforts.

That partnership is key. GOCO hopes to serve as a resource connecting
communities with corporate sponsors and foundations that can more than match
GOCO's funds, hopefully making it a $100 million effort. GOCO's Outdoor Summit,
set for Thursday, is sponsored by DaVita Healthcare Partners and supported by
Kaiser Permanente, the Colorado Health Foundation, Anadarko Petroleum, the
Outdoor Industry Association, the Greenway Foundation, the U.S. Forest Service
and Bicycle Colorado, all groups that could sponsor Inspire projects and
programs.

After reviewing proposals from community groups, GOCO in October 2016 plans to
distribute grants of $1 million to $5 million to five communities that will have
three years to develop projects and programs that connect kids with the
outdoors.

In April 2017, GOCO will distribute grants to a second round of communities, as
many as 10. It's one of the largest initiatives of its kind in the country.

There are at least a hundred operations in the Front Range that aim to get
children outside and enjoying nature. They bus kids up to Rocky Mountain
National Park or take kids skiing or rafting or camping. The Inspire program
aims to keep that interest in nature alive between those infrequent trips.

"The disconnect between kids and nature is one of the biggest and most
overlooked crises of our time," said Scott Samson, the vice president of
research and collections at the Denver Museum of Nature & Science who is known
to perhaps thousands of Denver kids as "Dr. Dinosaur."

Natural playgrounds, like Johnson Habitat, get kids more imaginative and
engaged, said Samson, whose book, "How To Raise A Wild Child," aims to reverse
the disturbing trend that has today's kids spending several hours a day staring
at screens and somewhere around seven minutes a day playing outside.

Kids playing in nature or natural playgrounds that replace swings and slides
with boulders and trees tend to be better critical thinkers, always testing
their agility and coordination, Samson said.

"We can protect all the lands we want outside cities, but unless kids get
outside and into natural places, they never will, a generation from now, work to
preserve those lands," Samson said.

It's a national issue, this growing divide between kids and nature. The National
Park Service is working to get more kids into parks as the agency realizes that
a dangerously high number an estimated 75 percent have never been to a national
park. The newly launched "Every Kid in a Park" initiative, which this fall will
deliver every fourth grader a national parks pass, hopes to spark that interest.

Inspire aims to do more than spark. It's about keeping the passion for wild
places alive.

The initiative is asking communities to propose plans that target not just kids
but families. An additional tier of the program builds opportunities for older
kids to get paid for building outdoor projects, ideally developing stewardship
and leadership skills.

Fifteen years ago, GOCO broke the grant funding mold with its legacy grants,
using matching funds to prod communities into designing their grandest dreams
for river corridors, open space, trails and connected parks. Back then, about
five communities had an open space preservation tax to help raise money to land
GOCO grants. Today, there are more than 40 municipal and regional open space
taxation plans across Colorado.

"We are using the same idea for getting kids outdoors by holding out this
significant carrot," Aangeenbrug said.

Jason Blevins: 303 954 1374, jblevins@denverpost.com or twitter.com/jasonblevins

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ivan Roan, left, and Ben Brooks scoop up bugs to study from the South
Platte River. Andy Cross, The Denver Post

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              277 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                           October 31, 2015 Saturday

New Mexico: NM Delegation Announces $1 Million for Construction of Bike and
Pedestrian Routes at Laguna Pueblo

LENGTH: 363  words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Santa Fe: Democratic Party has issued the following news release:





  Today, U.S. Senators Tom Udall and Martin Heinrich and U.S. Representatives
Ben Ray Luj&aacute;n and Michelle Lujan Grisham announced that the Pueblo of
Laguna will receive a $1 million grant to help complete a network of bike and
pedestrian routes. The grant, awarded through the U.S. Department of
Transportation&rsquo;s TIGER VII Discretionary Grant Program, will fund
construction of the Pueblo&rsquo;s Bike and Pedestrian Priority Route
Construction Project, which will connect its six distinct villages and provide
links to adjacent communities in Cibola County. The lawmakers supported the
Pueblo&rsquo;s application for funding in April. Connecting centers of
employment, education and services will support long-term job growth and promote
economic development.



  &ldquo;This funding will create new transportation options to connect
communities and make it easier for members of Laguna Pueblo to get to jobs,
school and important services. Enabling people to get to work and businesses
will help boost economic development in the region,&rdquo; the lawmakers said.
&ldquo;The Pueblo&rsquo;s bike and pedestrian project is a model for
transportation planning and development, and we were proud to support its
application for funding from the TIGER program. We will continue to fight for
investments in New Mexico&rsquo;s transportation infrastructure to help boost
long-term job growth and strengthen our economy.&rdquo;

  A Pueblo of Laguna Community Biking and Walking Advisory Group with
representatives from each of the six villages planned projects to improve bike
and pedestrian routes to reconnect the six Pueblo communities, connect the
villages to the subdivisions, promote housing redevelopment in the villages and
revitalize the Pueblo&rsquo;s economic centers. This TIGER grant funding will
support the continued construction of projects to promote alternative
transportation access, safety, health and fitness, and the revitalization of the
Pueblo&rsquo;s villages.


 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              278 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             July 19, 2016 Tuesday

SAD 4 lands grant to build distance learning network

LENGTH: 328 words


WASHINGTON, D.C. â[#x20ac]" U.S. Sens. Susan Collins and Angus King announced
that the U.S. Department of Agriculture has awarded a total of $1,644,596 in
grant funding to four Maine school districts and a rural health care provider
through the Distance Learning and Telemedicine Loan and Grant program. The
funding will help connect rural communities with medical and educational experts
in other parts of the country, increasing access to health care, substance
misuse treatment and advanced educational opportunities.


The Guilford-based SAD 4 will be awarded a $239,235 grant to establish a
distance learning network connecting instructors at the Maine Tri-County
Technology Center to students in 10 rural schools in Maine, three rural schools
in New Hampshire as well as the Passamaquoddy Recreation Boys & Girls Club
located in the Indian Township of Passamaquoddy.


"Broadband and telehealth technologies have become critical tools for rural
communities, helping connect students with teachers and patients with doctors,"
Sens. Collins and King said in a joint statement. "This funding will support
rural Mainers in their efforts to bridge the digital divide and actively
interact with experts and resources across the country."


USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel said, "I am so pleased
these five Maine organizations from across our state have received grants
through this important program. Distance learning and telemedicine services are
critical to the quality of life for rural Maine residents, and these funds will
ensure that these programs are accessible, regardless of their rural location."


The Distance Learning and Telemedicine Loan and Grant program provides funding
to rural hospitals, clinics, schools and libraries for equipment and technical
assistance for telemedicine and distance learning. Grant recipients must
demonstrate that they serve rural America, prove there is an economic need and
provide at least 15 percent in matching funds.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              279 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             July 19, 2016 Tuesday

SAD 4 lands grant to build distance learning network

LENGTH: 328 words


WASHINGTON, D.C. â[#x20ac]" U.S. Sens. Susan Collins and Angus King announced
that the U.S. Department of Agriculture has awarded a total of $1,644,596 in
grant funding to four Maine school districts and a rural health care provider
through the Distance Learning and Telemedicine Loan and Grant program. The
funding will help connect rural communities with medical and educational experts
in other parts of the country, increasing access to health care, substance
misuse treatment and advanced educational opportunities.


The Guilford-based SAD 4 will be awarded a $239,235 grant to establish a
distance learning network connecting instructors at the Maine Tri-County
Technology Center to students in 10 rural schools in Maine, three rural schools
in New Hampshire as well as the Passamaquoddy Recreation Boys & Girls Club
located in the Indian Township of Passamaquoddy.


"Broadband and telehealth technologies have become critical tools for rural
communities, helping connect students with teachers and patients with doctors,"
Sens. Collins and King said in a joint statement. "This funding will support
rural Mainers in their efforts to bridge the digital divide and actively
interact with experts and resources across the country."


USDA Rural Development State Director Virginia Manuel said, "I am so pleased
these five Maine organizations from across our state have received grants
through this important program. Distance learning and telemedicine services are
critical to the quality of life for rural Maine residents, and these funds will
ensure that these programs are accessible, regardless of their rural location."


The Distance Learning and Telemedicine Loan and Grant program provides funding
to rural hospitals, clinics, schools and libraries for equipment and technical
assistance for telemedicine and distance learning. Grant recipients must
demonstrate that they serve rural America, prove there is an economic need and
provide at least 15 percent in matching funds.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              280 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 18, 2014 Saturday

Tennessee: Energy-Efficiency Education Grant Boosts Funding for Knoxville
Smarter Cities Partnership

LENGTH: 733  words

DATELINE: Nashville


City of Knoxville, The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:

The Knoxville Smarter Cities Partnership has been awarded a total of $60,000 to
support energy-efficiency education initiatives.

Knoxville is one of 10 communities across the country to receive a Partners for
Places grant, which is matched locally by the United Way of Greater Knoxville
and the East Tennessee Foundation.

Partners for Places is a project of the Funders' Network for Smart Growth and
Livable Communities, and its aim is to help communities connect local government
and philanthropy to invest in sustainability projects that promote a healthy
environment, a strong economy and well-being for all residents.

The Smarter Cities Partnership, a coalition including the City of Knoxville and
more than 17 community agencies, seeks to improve the quality, comfort and
affordability of inner-city homes through energy efficiency.

The partnership was formed in response to Knoxville's participation in the IBM
Smarter Cities Challenge grant program, which offered $400,000 in technical
assistance to evaluate how to connect energy-efficiency services with utility
bill assistance and other programs serving lower-income populations.

One of IBM's main recommendations was that the Knoxville community should
implement a coordinated, end-to-end education campaign to engage residents
through multiple types of media, effective messaging and interactive,
peer-to-peer learning. The Partners for Places funding will allow the Smarter
Cities Partnership to act on this recommendation by designing and launching an
education and engagement campaign that empowers disadvantaged residents in
Knoxville to reduce utility bills through energy-efficient behaviors and no- or
low-cost upgrades.

"The Partners for Places grant will allow us to strengthen existing
energy-efficiency education resources and create new tools for engaging
residents," said Mayor Madeline Rogero, who chairs the leadership council of the
Smarter Cities Partnership.

"It will support the efforts of the Smarter Cities Partnership to coordinate
local resources in order to provide better services for the community."

The City of Knoxville's Office of Sustainability worked with partners at United
Way of Greater Knoxville, the East Tennessee Foundation and Community Action for
Affordable Neighborhoods in applying for this grant, which will support the
efforts of the Knoxville Smarter Cities Partnership.

United Way and the East Tennessee Foundation each contributed $15,000 of local
foundation funding, which will be matched 1-to-1 with national foundation
funding from the Funders' Network for Smart Growth and Livable Communities.

"The Partners for Places initiative is the beginning of a potential tide shift
in our community," said Caleb Fristoe, United Way's Manager of Community
Outreach and Special Initiatives.

"It shows that Knoxville has the ability to achieve its creative and
collaborative potential by thinking about the problems, both seen and unseen,
that affect our community in new and thoughtful ways. United Way of Greater
Knoxville is proud to be a part of this great initiative."

Michael T. McClamroch, East Tennessee Foundation's President and CEO, said the
foundation "is pleased to have participated in successfully securing the
Partners for Places matching grant that will support a coordinated campaign to
empower low-income residents to improve home quality, comfort and affordability
through energy efficiency."

Community Action for Affordable Neighborhoods - which is administered by the
Knoxville-Knox County Community Action Committee - will receive grant funds on
behalf of the Smarter Cities Partnership.

Jason Estes, CAC's Housing and Energy Services Director, said CAAN is
appreciative of the community support that made the Partners for Places grant
possible.

"Education is the key to making sure that weatherization works, that residents
actually use less energy and have more affordable utility bills," he said.

National funders of Partners for Places grants invest in local projects
developed through local partnerships, such as the Knoxville Smarter Cities
Partnership. Through these investments, Partners for Places fosters long-term
relationships that make urban areas more prosperous, livable and vibrant.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              281 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 16, 2014 Thursday

Tennessee: Energy-Efficiency Education Grant Boosts Funding for Knoxville
Smarter Cities Partnership

LENGTH: 735  words

DATELINE: Nashville


City of Knoxville, The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:

The Knoxville Smarter Cities Partnership has been awarded a total of $60,000 to
support energy-efficiency education initiatives.

Knoxville is one of 10 communities across the country to receive a Partners for
Places grant, which is matched locally by the United Way of Greater Knoxville
and the East Tennessee Foundation.

Partners for Places is a project of the Funders' Network for Smart Growth and
Livable Communities, and its aim is to help communities connect local government
and philanthropy to invest in sustainability projects that promote a healthy
environment, a strong economy and well-being for all residents.

The Smarter Cities Partnership, a coalition including the City of Knoxville and
more than 17 community agencies, seeks to improve the quality, comfort and
affordability of inner-city homes through energy efficiency.

The partnership was formed in response to Knoxville's participation in the IBM
Smarter Cities Challenge grant program, which offered $400,000 in technical
assistance to evaluate how to connect energy-efficiency services with utility
bill assistance and other programs serving lower-income populations.

One of IBM's main recommendations was that the Knoxville community should
implement a coordinated, end-to-end education campaign to engage residents
through multiple types of media, effective messaging and interactive,
peer-to-peer learning. The Partners for Places funding will allow the Smarter
Cities Partnership to act on this recommendation by designing and launching an
education and engagement campaign that empowers disadvantaged residents in
Knoxville to reduce utility bills through energy-efficient behaviors and no- or
low-cost upgrades.

"The Partners for Places grant will allow us to strengthen existing
energy-efficiency education resources and create new tools for engaging
residents," said Mayor Madeline Rogero, who chairs the leadership council of the
Smarter Cities Partnership.

"It will support the efforts of the Smarter Cities Partnership to coordinate
local resources in order to provide better services for the community."

The City of Knoxville's Office of Sustainability worked with partners at United
Way of Greater Knoxville, the East Tennessee Foundation and Community Action for
Affordable Neighborhoods in applying for this grant, which will support the
efforts of the Knoxville Smarter Cities Partnership.

United Way and the East Tennessee Foundation each contributed $15,000 of local
foundation funding, which will be matched 1-to-1 with national foundation
funding from the Funders' Network for Smart Growth and Livable Communities.

"The Partners for Places initiative is the beginning of a potential tide shift
in our community," said Caleb Fristoe, United Way's Manager of Community
Outreach and Special Initiatives.

"It shows that Knoxville has the ability to achieve its creative and
collaborative potential by thinking about the problems, both seen and unseen,
that affect our community in new and thoughtful ways. United Way of Greater
Knoxville is proud to be a part of this great initiative."

Michael T. McClamroch, East Tennessee Foundation's President and CEO, said the
foundation "is pleased to have participated in successfully securing the
Partners for Places matching grant that will support a coordinated campaign to
empower low-income residents to improve home quality, comfort and affordability
through energy efficiency."

Community Action for Affordable Neighborhoods - which is administered by the
Knoxville-Knox County Community Action Committee - will receive grant funds on
behalf of the Smarter Cities Partnership.

Jason Estes, CAC's Housing and Energy Services Director, said CAAN is
appreciative of the community support that made the Partners for Places grant
possible.

"Education is the key to making sure that weatherization works, that residents
actually use less energy and have more affordable utility bills," he said.

National funders of Partners for Places grants invest in local projects
developed through local partnerships, such as the Knoxville Smarter Cities
Partnership. Through these investments, Partners for Places fosters long-term
relationships that make urban areas more prosperous, livable and vibrant.

In case of any query regarding this article or other or other content needs
please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              282 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        St. Joseph News-Press (Missouri)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Local group receives funding to help those in poverty

BYLINE: Alonzo Weston, St. Joseph News-Press, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 344 words


Sept. 08--A local social service agency recently received funding to help its
mission to serve the overall health needs of the city's impoverished population.

HEALTH (Helping Everyone Attain Long Term Health) received a $187,000 grant from
the Mosaic Community Center Initiative. The program services are coordinated
under the facilitation of the public health department inside the Social Welfare
board building.

The department was one of 10 agencies chosen to receive Community Connect
funding for population health programs.

The funding will go towards helping the organization of 23 partner agencies that
make up the HEALTH program achieve its goal of increasing overall health in the
community by decreasing poverty said Dr. Robert Stuber, medical director for the
Social Welfare board and co-director of the program.

It's the fruition of an idea Stuber had four years ago when he brought together
a collective of 23 health and social services providers in the community to
provide a safety net for the community's needy residents.

"We know that if we can help people get out of poverty that they're going to be
healthier," Stuber said. "People living in poverty have a survival rate that's
15 years shorter than those who are not living in poverty."

Linda Judah, executive director of the Social Welfare Board, said HEALTH
currently has three community workers in the program and is serving 96 clients.

"The Community Connect grant will also fund a $25,000 initiative called their
Patient Relief Fund, which will help cover medication needs, transportation, IDs
that will assist clients in overcoming their barriers to care," Judah said.

Judah added that the HEALTH program is accepting referrals from other agencies.

"We will soon start tiering the clients, and so when they come off high acuity
of needs we'll tier them down so we can enter more clients into the program,"
she said.

___ (c)2016 the St. Joseph News-Press (St. Joseph, Mo.) Visit the St. Joseph
News-Press (St. Joseph, Mo.) at www.newspressnow.com/index.html Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160908-JM-Local-group-receives-funding-to-help-those-in-poverty-0908-20160908

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JM


                      Copyright 2016 St. Joseph News-Press


                              283 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       South-East Advertiser (Australia)

                          September 26, 2007 Wednesday

* NEWS >> EDUCATION;
Students helped to;
connect with talent

SECTION: Pg. 19

LENGTH: 208  words


FOR the second year in a row, Whites Hill State College has received a grant to
help continue a program which has helped students stay in school longer and
realise their potential.

On September 11 the college was presented with a $5000 NRMA Insurance Community
Help grant.

The college's Connect program will use the funds to offer wilderness camps,
extended learning classes and adventure day excursions to those students who are
disengaged from their peers or considered potential early school leavers.

College chaplain Tim Lucas said the program had great success in helping
students improve their attitude, grades and confidence.

''Connect exposes young people to a temporary community that is supportive, fun
and at the same time challenging,'' he said.

''Adventure camps put students in an environment outside their comfort zone to
help develop important skills such as teamwork, communication, negotiation,
problem solving and leadership.''

This year Connect will put six groups of up to 10 students through experiential
learning classes and high ropes courses, plus beach, wilderness and canoeing
camps.

Graduates from Connect are not only staying in school, but they are returning to
become junior leaders and mentors for those taking part this year.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: SEA


                   Copyright 2007 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              284 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 10, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Coming Soon: Better Bus Rides in a Community Near You

LENGTH: 400  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S Department of Transportation has issued the following news
release:



 At the Federal Transit Administration (FTA), helping transit agencies reach and
maintain a state of good repair for all of their vehicles and equipment is a top
priority.





 Today, we're taking a major step toward that goal by awarding nearly $211
million in grants to help communities nationwide upgrade their transit buses and
related facilities.These grants are the result of the re-establishment of the
competitive Bus & Bus Facilities program in the FAST Act. And this year's round
of funding was competitive indeed, with 284 applications requesting over $1.6
billion.



 It was challenging to narrow the field down to the final selections: 61
projects in 41 states and the U.S. Virgin Islands.



 I'm excited that FTA can provide this important funding to move projects
forward in nearly every corner of the country, from our largest metros to rural
areas and even Native American reservations.



 Communities nationwide are dealing with aging bus fleets that are in need of
rehabilitation and replacement, as well as a lack of modern maintenance
facilities and other crucial infrastructure.



 The competitive Bus & Bus Facilities program helps fill in some of those gaps,
providing funding that supplements FTA's other grant programs as well as state
and local efforts.



 That means improved bus service that uses state-of-the-art vehicles, resulting
in fewer costly breakdowns, more reliable service, and, often, more
environmentally-friendly engines and fuels.



 Investing in our bus infrastructure is a critical way to connect people to
opportunity - like in Flagstaff, Arizona, where new hybrid-electric buses will
connect riders from downtown Flagstaff to Northern Arizona University.



 Workforce development is a key part of Ladders of Opportunity, as well, so
we're proud to support projects like those in Monterey County, California, and
Baltimore, Maryland, that will train transit professionals in operating new
vehicles and technologies.



 Whether getting to a job, class, or doctor's appointment, or just visiting
friends and family, buses connect Americans to vital destinations every day.



 We at FTA will keep working to make those bus rides as safe, convenient, and
accessible as possible.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              285 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 10, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Coming Soon: Better Bus Rides in a Community Near You

LENGTH: 400  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S Department of Transportation has issued the following news
release:



 At the Federal Transit Administration (FTA), helping transit agencies reach and
maintain a state of good repair for all of their vehicles and equipment is a top
priority.





 Today, we're taking a major step toward that goal by awarding nearly $211
million in grants to help communities nationwide upgrade their transit buses and
related facilities.These grants are the result of the re-establishment of the
competitive Bus & Bus Facilities program in the FAST Act. And this year's round
of funding was competitive indeed, with 284 applications requesting over $1.6
billion.



 It was challenging to narrow the field down to the final selections: 61
projects in 41 states and the U.S. Virgin Islands.



 I'm excited that FTA can provide this important funding to move projects
forward in nearly every corner of the country, from our largest metros to rural
areas and even Native American reservations.



 Communities nationwide are dealing with aging bus fleets that are in need of
rehabilitation and replacement, as well as a lack of modern maintenance
facilities and other crucial infrastructure.



 The competitive Bus & Bus Facilities program helps fill in some of those gaps,
providing funding that supplements FTA's other grant programs as well as state
and local efforts.



 That means improved bus service that uses state-of-the-art vehicles, resulting
in fewer costly breakdowns, more reliable service, and, often, more
environmentally-friendly engines and fuels.



 Investing in our bus infrastructure is a critical way to connect people to
opportunity - like in Flagstaff, Arizona, where new hybrid-electric buses will
connect riders from downtown Flagstaff to Northern Arizona University.



 Workforce development is a key part of Ladders of Opportunity, as well, so
we're proud to support projects like those in Monterey County, California, and
Baltimore, Maryland, that will train transit professionals in operating new
vehicles and technologies.



 Whether getting to a job, class, or doctor's appointment, or just visiting
friends and family, buses connect Americans to vital destinations every day.



 We at FTA will keep working to make those bus rides as safe, convenient, and
accessible as possible.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              286 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                October 1, 1999, Friday, EARLY AND CITY EDITIONS

Springfield, Rochester to share $ 1 million for more bike paths

BYLINE: DOUG FINKE STATE CAPITOL BUREAU
Doug Finke can be reached at 788-1527

SECTION: LOCAL, Pg. 19

LENGTH: 336 words


Nearly $ 1 million in grant money will go to Springfield and Rochester to pay
for continued construction of bicycle paths.

The Springfield Park District will get $ 550,000 for construction of a path that
will roughly connect Bunn Park to the hugely popular Lost Bridge Trail that
begins at the Illinois Department of Transportation headquarters.

An additional $ 399,000 will go to Rochester for construction of a two-mile
addition to the Lost Bridge Trail.  The trail now ends on the western edge of
the village.

The grants were announced Thursday by Lt. Gov. Corinne Wood.

The money is coming from the Illinois Transportation Enhancement Program, a
federally funded project administered by IDOT that helps pay for bike paths and
highway beautification projects.  IDOT is funding 37 bicycle-path projects
costing $ 47.7 million.

"This is a tremendous opportunity for the park district and Springfield to
further our goal of trying to connect the entire community through bike paths,"
said park district president Leslie Sgro.

District officials think the new path can be completed by late next summer or
early fall.

The path will be along an abandoned Interurban/Norfolk Southern railroad
corridor in southeast Springfield.  The trail will begin at Stanford Avenue and
Fox Bridge Road along the rail corridor to Eisenhower and Dreamland parks.  The
path will then follow Taylor Avenue to Ash Street and Ash to IDOT headquarters,
where it will connect with the Lost Bridge Trail.

On the outskirts of Rochester, the funding will pay for a two-mile extension in
three segments.  One will follow an abandoned railway from Walnut Street to
Community Drive.  Another segment will be built along West Main Street between
Lost Bridge Trail and the Rochester Community Trail.

The final portion will connect the Rochester Community Trail with the Oak
Hills/Woodland residential area.

Rochester Village Manager Linda Shaw said it will probably take 18 months to
complete the three segments.


LOAD-DATE: October 15, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NEWS

                   Copyright 1999 The State Journal-Register


                              287 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                              July 12, 2010 Monday

Mayor wants account to fund arts programs

BYLINE: By Marisa Donelan, mdonelan@sentinelandenterprise.com

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 405 words


LEOMINSTER -- Mayor Dean J. Mazzarella is asking city councilors to set up a
donation account to build upon the city's growing arts community.

The city has received a $5,000 Artist Gateway Program grant from the
Massachusetts Cultural Council and another $5,000 from the Community Foundation
of North Central Massachusetts to support the arts in Leominster.

But to use the money, and to collect other donations and grants, Mazzarella said
the city must establish a donation account.

"It can't just go in the general fund," he said Friday. "We're anticipating that
we'll probably also get other grants in the future. This is just a baseline to
get ourselves organized. We're going to put together a plan for arts in the
community."

The city has hired a Fitchburg State College student through the grant for the
summer to help build a master plan for arts and culture in Leominster.

There's an ongoing partnership between the city and the Leominster Art
Association, which resulted in the opening of the Leominster Art Center at 69
Main St., which the mayor said has allowed city residents to see the talented
works of local artists. No city money is being used for the center, and it's
staffed by volunteers, he said.

The next step is to formulate a plan with goals for the association and the art
community at-large, and the Artist Gateway Program grant is going to be used to
tie art in with economic development and quality of life, connect the arts with
Leominster's history and culture and encourage low-income students to become
involved in the arts, Mazzarella said.

Students do not have to pay anything to have their work displayed in the art
center, and the mayor said he wants to connect interested artists with more
local kids, whether it's through lessons or simple art appreciation.

"For many of the artists right now there's a challenge and a vision to do more,"
he said. "Some of the students in our schools and the private schools have
already shown tremendous potential and talent."

There is also ongoing discussion about establishing a theater performance group,
encouraging artists to create their own galleries and holding larger-scale arts
events in Leominster.

The account request is on the council agenda for the first time today, where it
will be referred to the Finance Committee for discussion at a later date.

The regular council meeting is scheduled to begin at 7:30 p.m. tonight in the
council chambers at City Hall.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              288 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Daily Item (Sunbury, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            July 30, 2008 Wednesday

Sewer projects, reviews begin

BYLINE: Jaime North, The Daily Item, Sunbury, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 455 words


Jul. 30--LEWISBURG -- Several sewer projects are under way in Union County
through Community Development Block Grant funding, including a review of Kelly
Crossroad's sewage management plan, which may result in the need for an
extensive sewer upgrade.

The state Department of Environmental Protection is determining whether the
Kelly Township village would benefit from improved on-lot sewage systems or
should connect to the township's sewer plant, according to Bill Seigel, block
grant program director with SEDA-Council of Governments.

Seigel, who updated the county commissioners Tuesday on the projects being
funded by the federal grant program, said connecting to the sewer plant would be
a multimillion dollar project.

"Each municipality is required by law to complete a sewage treatment plan, which
they did two years ago," Seigel said. "When it was reviewed, it was determined
not to be cost effective to stay as is. It was recommended they do a maintenance
program across the township, which is currently being reviewed."

According to Seigel, the township supervisors will choose how the block grant
money will be used, whether to improve the on-lot systems or connect to the
larger system. About $211,000 has been allocated through the block grant
program, while the township has roughly $215,000 available for the project,
Seigel said.

Other sewer projects include:

n Lewis Township, upgrades to its operation system and improvements to the wet
well with approximately $57,000 allocated through the grant program. Seigel said
the project recently began and should be completed within the next two months.

n White Deer Township, improvements to its sewer system with approximately
$160,000 allocated. Mike Miller, who is working with Seigel in SEDA-COG's
community development program, said the project should start this week.

n Hartley Township, upgrades of the energy consumption at its sewage plant with
$63,000 allocated. Seigel said the design work has begun.

n Kelly Township, a sewer extension in West Milton with approximately $43,000
allocated. Seigel said the design has been completed as the township finishes
its easement agreements with property owners. Union County has allocated $43,000
to fund a small portion of White Deer Township to be included in the project.

n E-mail comments to jnorth@dailyitem.com

To see more of The Daily Item or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.dailyitem.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, The Daily Item, Sunbury, Pa.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080730-DN-Sewer-projects-reviews-begin-0730

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DN


                                 Copyright 2008


                              289 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              India Insurance News

                       April 28, 2014 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Humana Foundation Relaunches Signature Philanthropic Program, Increasing Humana
Communities Benefit Grant Amount to $350,000 for Nonprofits in Tampa Bay,
Chicago and San Antonio

LENGTH: 805  words


April 28 -- Humana Inc. (NYSE: HUM) and the Humana Foundation, the company's
philanthropic arm, today announced a relaunch of their signature Humana
Communities Benefit program, which will now award multi-year grants totaling
$350,000 to an eligible nonprofit 501(c)(3) organization in each of three areas:
Tampa Bay, Chicago and San Antonio. Organizations focused on promoting healthy
behaviors and healthy relationships will be considered.



Also new to this year's charitable giving program is the launch of an online
community vote as part of the judging process, which will take place at the
finalist stage.

The new structure of the Humana Communities Benefit program will award nonprofit
501(c)(3) organizations a three-year infusion of funds, enabling the winning
nonprofits to receive $200,000 the first year; $100,000 the second year; and
$50,000 in the final year. Winners will use the Humana Foundation grant to
create new programs or enhance ongoing activities that have a positive,
transformational impact on the organization and the community.

"This new approach with Humana Communities Benefit is a natural evolution for
the program as Humana and the Humana Foundation work to improve the health of
the communities we serve nationwide," said Humana President and CEO Bruce
Broussard, who announced the new program today at a news conference in St.
Petersburg, Fla. "We have added several new features to the program, including
the online vote, which provides an opportunity for each community to have a
stake in which organization in each region is awarded our $350,000 grant."

The three areas for the charitable giving program's new approach this spring are
Tampa Bay, Chicago and San Antonio.

"As we ushered in the renewal of Humana Communities Benefit, it was important
for us to select communities where Humana has deep roots," said Virginia Kelly
Judd, Executive Director of the Humana Foundation. "We are excited to host this
new phase of our charitable grant program in Tampa Bay, where Humana has its
largest associate population (more than 3,500 Humana associates) outside of our
corporate hometown, Louisville, Ky.; Chicago, where we started Humana
Communities Benefit in 2003; and San Antonio, a new location for the program but
a city where Humana has had a presence for more than three decades."

The Humana Foundation charitable program has awarded more than $8 million to
nonprofits in 11 communities nationwide since launching in Chicago in 2003.
Previously, Humana Communities Benefit annually awarded one-time, $100,000
charitable grants to nonprofits.

"Keep Tampa Bay Beautiful is so excited to break ground on the Humana
Educational Pavilion at the Florida Learning Garden in Tampa thanks to the 2013
Humana Communities Benefit grant," said Debbie Evenson, Executive Director of
Keep Tampa Bay Beautiful. "The Pavilion will provide an opportunity for children
to learn about growing techniques and sustainable practices in a hands-on,
educational environment that encourages healthy eating and healthy behaviors."

Call for Entries

Organizations in Tampa Bay, Chicago and San Antonio focused on promoting healthy
behaviors and healthy relationships will be considered. Eligible nonprofit
organizations in the following counties may submit their applications on
humana.com/hcb, starting today until June 30:

* Humana Communities Benefit in Tampa Bay - Hillsborough, Hernando, Pasco and
Pinellas counties.

* Humana Communities Benefit in Chicago - Cook, DuPage, Kane, Kankakee, Lake and
McHenry counties.

* Humana Communities Benefit in San Antonio - Atascosa, Bandera, Bexar, Comal,
Guadalupe, Kendall, Medina and Wilson counties.

The timeline for the program is as follows:

* Applications accepted: April 28 - June 30

* Judging: August

* Grant Recipients Named: September

New Program Features

The Humana Communities Benefit program will also launch a host of new features
designed to educate nonprofits on the application process; connect former and
prospective grant winners; and show communities locally and nationwide some of
the work being done by nonprofit organizations. The new features include:

* HCB Mentors. Prospective organizations can visit the mentor page
(http://www.humana.com/hcbmentor) to connect with former Humana Communities
Benefit grant winners regarding their experience with the process of applying
for the grant.

* E-Newsletter. The semi-annual digital newsletter will highlight news about the
Humana Communities Benefit program, advice and tips from previous winners and
success stories.

* Online Community Vote. The community will have an opportunity to weigh in on
which organization in each community it feels is most deserving of the Humana
Communities Benefit grant. Voting will be based upon a video and short narrative
submitted by three finalists in each city and will take place online.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              290 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                              June 29, 2014 Sunday

Glendale grabs grant for Green Streets

BYLINE: Anna Iliff STAFF writer, The Orange County Register

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B

LENGTH: 379 words


The city of Glendale will get a little greener this year.

With the help of a $998,000 grant approved by the California Strategic Growth
Council and $1.9 million from state gas tax funds, downtown Glendale will be
transformed by its Green Streets Demonstration Project.

The project aims to beautify downtown Glendale streets, enhance pedestrian
safety and improve stormwater drainage by planting about 100 trees and
installing curb extensions, additional crosswalks, permeable concrete gutters
and bioswales, a natural landscaping technique to remove pollutants from runoff
water. The makeover will cost about $2.9 million, officials said.

The Green Streets transformation will cover 1 mile of roadways, including a
five-block area of Harvard Street between Brand Boulevard and Isabel Street and
a seven-block stretch on Louise Street, between Maple Street and Wilson Avenue.

Selecting which streets would become greener was a strategic move, Glendale
senior mobility planner Mike Nilsson said.

"We wanted to get the maximum benefit for the locations we selected so we could
encourage more people to walk instead of driving," Nilsson said. "Harvard Street
is significant because it connects to our main commercial corridor. It also
connects to a lot of senior housing."

The Louise Street portion of the project includes a YMCA, post office, library,
park, church and school.

Glendale was one of 40 recipients selected from 184 proposals. The California
Strategic Growth Council's Urban Greening Grant Program awarded $24 million to
fund green projects throughout the state.

Other Los Angeles County cities to receive the grants include Pico Rivera,
Bellflower, Long Beach and Whittier. The cities' green developments will range
from creating community gardens to building bike paths.

Funding for the grants comes from Proposition 84, a bond act that supports
sustainable community projects.

"Glendale's ability to secure this competitive grant is a testament to the
city's commitment to creating a more pedestrian-friendly and sustainable
community," Nilsson said.

Planning for the project will begin later this year between the Glendale Public
Works Department and the Community Development Department with hopes for
construction beginning in mid-2015.



ailiff@losangelesregister.com

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              291 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                              June 29, 2014 Sunday

Glendale grabs grant for Green Streets

BYLINE: Anna Iliff STAFF writer, The Orange County Register

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B

LENGTH: 379 words


The city of Glendale will get a little greener this year.

With the help of a $998,000 grant approved by the California Strategic Growth
Council and $1.9 million from state gas tax funds, downtown Glendale will be
transformed by its Green Streets Demonstration Project.

The project aims to beautify downtown Glendale streets, enhance pedestrian
safety and improve stormwater drainage by planting about 100 trees and
installing curb extensions, additional crosswalks, permeable concrete gutters
and bioswales, a natural landscaping technique to remove pollutants from runoff
water. The makeover will cost about $2.9 million, officials said.

The Green Streets transformation will cover 1 mile of roadways, including a
five-block area of Harvard Street between Brand Boulevard and Isabel Street and
a seven-block stretch on Louise Street, between Maple Street and Wilson Avenue.

Selecting which streets would become greener was a strategic move, Glendale
senior mobility planner Mike Nilsson said.

"We wanted to get the maximum benefit for the locations we selected so we could
encourage more people to walk instead of driving," Nilsson said. "Harvard Street
is significant because it connects to our main commercial corridor. It also
connects to a lot of senior housing."

The Louise Street portion of the project includes a YMCA, post office, library,
park, church and school.

Glendale was one of 40 recipients selected from 184 proposals. The California
Strategic Growth Council's Urban Greening Grant Program awarded $24 million to
fund green projects throughout the state.

Other Los Angeles County cities to receive the grants include Pico Rivera,
Bellflower, Long Beach and Whittier. The cities' green developments will range
from creating community gardens to building bike paths.

Funding for the grants comes from Proposition 84, a bond act that supports
sustainable community projects.

"Glendale's ability to secure this competitive grant is a testament to the
city's commitment to creating a more pedestrian-friendly and sustainable
community," Nilsson said.

Planning for the project will begin later this year between the Glendale Public
Works Department and the Community Development Department with hopes for
construction beginning in mid-2015.



ailiff@losangelesregister.com

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              292 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            August 30, 2011, Tuesday

EDUCATION;
West Side students to receive free books

BYLINE: Davin White, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1A

LENGTH: 707 words


Every child who attends the new West Side Elementary School, or Stonewall
Jackson Middle School, will receive two free books to take home - an initiative
supported by an American Federation of Teachers grant.

At a news conference on Monday morning, AFT President Randi Weingarten said the
West Virginia Federation of Teachers and its partner organization, the West
Virginia School Service Personnel Association, were among five organizations
nationwide to receive this year's AFT Innovation Fund grant.

"What we're trying to do is make sure there's books in the library for kids to
have, but also books at home for kids to have," Weingarten said.

Debbie Cannada, the librarian at West Side Elementary, will also receive a
$1,000 budget to order books for her students.

Judy Hale, president of the West Virginia Federation of Teachers, said the state
group has partnered with First Book, a nonprofit organization that connects
community organizations with book publishers to help get books in the hands of
needy children.

Books like "Love That Dog," "Chang's Paper Pony," "Lunch Lady" and, of course,
"Charlotte's Web" covered a table in the new West Side Elementary School's
library on Monday.

Hale said the WVFT could keep receiving grant money for up to three years if the
effort proves successful.

Weingarten, Hale and other state and local leaders joined state Senate President
Earl Ray Tomblin, who is acting as governor, at the news conference.

Weingarten, who leads the national teachers union that represents 1.5 million
pre-kindergarten through 12th-grade teachers, also discussed the community
-school concept underway on Charleston's West Side.

"Community involvement in schools is essential for us to grow a nation,"
Weingarten said.

At a roundtable discussion earlier Monday, community leaders and Kanawha County
school officials talked about the direction the new West Side Elementary School
has taken.

Kanawha Superintendent Ron Duerring said that some parents might not feel
comfortable talking to teachers or administrators because they had a bad
experience in school. School staff members reach out to family members, but
there's also the "community office" located on the school's campus.

The community office - staffed with help from the Charleston Community and
Family Development Corporation - is a way for people in the neighborhood to
connect with services for their children and themselves.

Ralph Miller, chief executive officer of the Charleston Community and Family
Development Corporation, said the community office runs after-school programs
and connects families with Prestera and other services.

Meanwhile, the school's health clinic and dental clinic could open after West
Side students return from a break in early October.

Rev. Matthew Watts, the pastor at Grace Bible Church and president/CEO of Hope
Community Development Corp., called the land where the school now sits "sacred
ground." In the 19th century and before West Virginia's statehood, a large slave
plantation occupied the land along the Kanawha River.

"We redeemed this land," Watts said.

Guests at the roundtable also discussed dropout prevention and vocational
education on Charleston's West Side.

Cynthia Phillips, a special education teacher at Capital High School, said
schools would benefit from more parent involvement and more vocational and
technical opportunities for students.

Tomblin noted new legislation that requires all new middle schools built in West
Virginia to be "vocational equipped."

Yvonne Lee, a graduate student in social work, worries about local teenagers
who've told her they plan to drop out of school and get pregnant. She wishes it
wasn't so easy for them to simply drop out.

chris dorst | Gazette

State Board of Education Vice President Gayle Manchin, West Virginia Federation
of Teachers President Judy Hale, and state Senate President Earl Ray Tomblin,
acting as governor, visit a kindergarten class at the West Side Elementary
School during a school tour Monday.

chris dorst | Gazette

American Federation of Teachers President Randi Weingarten holds up the books
"Dingoes at Dinnertime" and "Love That Dog" during a news conference at West
Side Elementary School on Monday.

Reach Davin White at davinwhite@wvgazette.com or 304-348-1254.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Charleston Newspapers


                              293 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            January 11, 2011 Tuesday

Staying put in Toronto, choreographers pitch their work to the world

BYLINE: PAULA CITRON

SECTION: THE GLOBE REVIEW; DANCE / CONNECT T.O.; Pg. R2

LENGTH: 803 words


Without touring, dance exists in a bubble. Which is why, faced with funding
cuts, a group of dancers put together their own choreographic showcase.

Connect T.O., initiated by choreographers Sasha Ivanochko, Heidi Strauss,
Susanna Hood and Susie Burpee, is an artist-driven marketplace for the
presentation of Toronto dance. Between Jan. 12 and 15, each dancesmith will show
work to the public - and, more importantly, to eight presenters from Ireland,
Germany and Canada.

"We dancers have to create our own opportunities to get our work seen,"
Ivanochko says.

Presenters are the people who program dance into their theatres. To be picked by
a presenter is considered a validation of an artist's work. To be selected for a
theatre outside the home city is even better, because touring can also lead to
lucrative residencies and co-productions. To be part of the international dance
circuit with a worldwide profile is the holy grail.

Cathy Levy is the dance producer at Ottawa's National Arts Centre, home to the
largest dance series in the country. She will be attending Connect T.O. "Touring
is important because it lengthens the shelf-life of an artistic project," she
says. "The more a dance piece is performed, the more it can deepen and grow."
Levy also likes the showcase format because it is an efficient way to catch
multiple performances in a condensed period of time.

Ivanochko sees touring as broadening her personal experience as an artist. "I'm
informed by other choreographers, and the communities in which they live.
Artistically and socially, touring bridges and unites. It's a peaceful,
provocative and creative way to bring ideas and people together."

Two years ago, the Harper government cut funding for two programs at the
Department of Foreign Affairs and International Trade. One provided grants for
touring and the other subsidized the cost of bringing presenters. Although the
Canada Council has stepped into the breach with grants from its Audience and
Market Development Program, this pool of money is a fraction of what DFAIT used
to offer. It is an AMD grant that has allowed Connect T.O. to bring in
international presenters.

A mandate of the grant is that the wider community has to be involved. Thus,
Connect T.O. also includes an open rehearsal featuring new work by Peggy Baker,
Nova Bhattacharya and Burpee, and a panel discussion on building partnerships.
There is also one afternoon devoted to a pitch session, where a series of local
choreographers, chosen by an independent jury, get to talk up their repertoire
in one-on-ones with the visiting presenters. Even though the presenters are not
seeing actual work, an articulate choreographer can excite interest. Pitch
sessions are de rigueur events in any dance showcase.

Getting the support and funding they needed was a massive undertaking for
Connect T.O.'s team.

"We figure we collectively logged about 1,000 hours manning the phones getting
the showcase organized, not to mention the work involved in filling out grant
applications," Burpee says. "We all have busy lives as it is."

The paramount task was finding presenters with venues suitable to the
consortium's small scale performances of solos, duets and trios. Without a list
of presenters willing to come to the showcase, one can't apply for the AMD
grant. The choreographers also had to find other funding, mostly from the
Toronto Arts Council, to rent the theatres, pay their dancers, and cover
production costs.

The big question is, what if some get chosen and others don't? The women admit
it's something they think about, but they are philosophical in their answers.
"We are up against each other all the time, because grants are decided by
juries," Strauss says. "Presenters will also take into consideration such things
as how our dances will look in their spaces ... Choices don't always reflect
whether the presenters like the pieces."

The main subtext for this event is the group's belief that Toronto dance is
under-represented on both the national and international scene.

"Toronto doesn't have a major dance festival," Ivanochko says, "so we're without
an annual showcase for both local dance and visiting companies." Burpee points
out that a multicultural city like Toronto covers so many diverse dance forms
that no single identity or signature has emerged.

But there are positive signs - the Ontario Dance Platform, an initiative of the
Ontario Arts Council, held in Toronto last fall, brought together juried
companies and presenters with the aim of strengthening dance touring throughout
the province. Connect T.O. is another step in getting Toronto dance noticed. "We
want to see dance from Toronto going places," Strauss says.

Connect T.O. runs in Toronto,

Jan. 12 to 15, at various venues. For more information, visit
www.adelheid.ca/cto.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2011 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              294 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           December 4, 2012, Tuesday

Frontier questions broadband grants;
Deployment Council ready to distribute millions next week

BYLINE: Eric Eyre, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P8A

LENGTH: 1045 words


West Virginia's largest Internet provider is questioning whether the state
Broadband Deployment Council should distribute $3.15 million in grants next week
to make broadband service available to an estimated 2,600 homes in rural
communities.

The $1,200-per-household cost is about $500 more than what a federal grant
program spends to subsidize broadband expansion in rural areas. One Pocahontas
County broadband project recommended for state funding would cost about $10,000
per household.

"Clearly West Virginia taxpayers have an interest in the prudent use of their
funds," said Frontier Communications executive Dana Waldo, who also serves on
the Broadband Council. "Cost should be a concern."

Waldo also predicts the grants could discourage private investment.
Telecommunication firms might choose not to expand broadband service on their
own, if they believe the government plans to subsidize competitors, he said.

"State code cautions that the council should respect market forces and avoid
duplicating or displacing existing service or getting involved in projects where
companies will serve the market in the reasonably near future," said Waldo,
senior vice president and general manager of Frontier's West Virginia
operations.

But council member Lee Fisher, a Braxton County farmer, said Frontier's
objections shouldn't stop the board from handing out grants to the company's
competitors next week.

Fisher said West Virginia law requires the governor-appointed council to find
ways to bring broadband to the state's most rural communities.

"People in rural parts of the state deserve that service," Fisher said. "The
council was put in place to determine how to get service to these people."

Fisher noted state law and council rules don't set a per-household limit on
broadband project costs. He said West Virginia's broadband construction costs
top most states because so many people live in rural areas here.

"The per-household cost is always going to be higher because you don't have many
urban areas, and you don't have as many households to put into the bottom of the
equation," Fisher said Monday. "You just don't have as many people in West
Virginia."

The Broadband Deployment Council never attached any stipulations about project
costs when it solicited grant applications from telecommunications firms and
nonprofit organizations.

"Cost per household is obviously something you look at, but the council, from
the beginning, made it clear that anybody was open to apply," Fisher said.

A Broadband Deployment Council grant review committee has recommended that board
members distribute $3.15 million for 14 projects - a dozen of which would
provide Internet to rural households via wireless towers. The other two projects
would offer broadband through telephone wirelines.

Wheeling-based StratusWave Communications, Buckhannon-based 3Wlogic and Spruce
Knob-Seneca Rocks Telephone Inc. have applied for grants.

The projects' costs range from $740 to $10,000 per household.

The council, which meets Dec. 12, also is expected to award $923,000 for four
projects designed to increase demand for high-speed Internet in rural areas.

"The council has a role to play promoting the advantages of broadband," Waldo
said. "That is a mission it can take on right now."

The state Legislature established the Broadband Deployment Council and allocated
the broadband expansion grant money four years ago. Much has changed since then.

In 2010, West Virginia received $126.3 million in federal stimulus funds to
expand broadband and bring high-speed fiber-optic cable to more than 1,000 "
community anchor institutions" - schools, libraries, health centers, county
courthouses, 911 centers, state agencies and other public facilities. Frontier
is building the fiber network, but the state has pledged to allow other Internet
companies to use the network to serve customers.

Companies such as Frontier also now offer satellite Internet service, so
technically every household in West Virginia has access to broadband.

"The latest generation of satellite broadband service - called 'Frontier
Broadband' - currently provides coverage to all unserved areas of West
Virginia," Waldo said.

What's more, the federal government has established a broadband expansion
program of its own - called the Connect America Fund.

In July, the Federal Communications Commission announced plans to spend $115
million to subsidize broadband Internet providers that extend services to rural
parts of the U.S.

The FCC said the subsidies would prompt broadband companies to serve rural areas
that lack customers.

FCC Chairman Julius Genachowski declared the program "the most significant
effort ever undertaken to connect rural America to broadband."

Frontier accepted a $71.9 million subsidy from the FCC to bring broadband to
nearly 93,000 new households in 27 states, including in West Virginia, where
Frontier is the state's largest Internet provider by far.

Next year, the FCC is expected to expand the Connect America Fund and make $1.8
billion available to bring broadband to the nation's most rural areas.

Within the next several months, Frontier plans to offer broadband Internet to 85
percent of its West Virginia customers - a percentage that will climb higher
with the Connect America Fund subsidies. Frontier has spent more than $250
million and brought broadband to more than 136,000 additional households in West
Virginia since 2010, Waldo said.

"The council's mission cannot and should not be the same today as it was four
years ago," Waldo said. "We do not have the same environment. The private-sector
investment in broadband deployment, including the new satellite-based service,
and the emergence of the Connect America Fund have changed the landscape."

At a Broadband Deployment Council meeting last week, Waldo said the grant review
committee recommended funding projects in multiple areas where Frontier already
offers broadband service. The committee plans to review Frontier's new
information about broadband coverage before the Dec. 12 meeting.

Fisher said he expects the council to award the entire $4.1 million next week.

"We need to get these things voted on and approved and processed," Fisher said.
"We're going to do the best job we can."

Reach Eric Eyre at ericeyre@wvgazette.com or 304-348-4869.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Charleston Newspapers


                              295 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Chronicle of Philanthropy

                             June 14, 2007 Thursday

New Grant Programs

SECTION: GIVING; Pg. 28 Vol. 19 No. 17

LENGTH: 361 words


Grant maker: Home Depot Foundation (Atlanta)

Purpose: To support increased availability of low-cost homes for working
families and to plant and preserve trees in urban areas

Amount available: $100-million over 10 years

Web site: http://www.homedepotfoundation.org

Grant maker: Morris Animal Foundation (Denver)

Program: Canine Cancer Campaign

Purpose: For efforts to cure canine cancer and to apply the research to the
prevention, treatment, and cure of human cancers, in particular those affecting
children

Amount available: $30-million over 20 years

Web site: http://www.curecaninecancer.org

Grant maker: John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation (Chicago)

Program: New Communities Program, administered by Local Initiatives Support
Corporation Chicago

Purpose: To support community- and economic-development efforts in 16 of
Chicago's lowest-income neighborhoods

Amount available: $26-million over five years

Web site: http://www.newcommunities.org

Grant maker: Robert Wood Johnson Foundation (Princeton, N.J.)

Program: Pipeline, Profession & Practice: Community-Based Dental Education

Purpose: For efforts to improve dental health among low-income and other people
who lack dental care

Amount available: $23-million

Web site: http://www.dentalpipeline.org

Grant maker: The Colorado Trust (Denver)

Program: Equality in Health Initiative

Purpose: For efforts to reduce disparities in health care for minorities in
Colorado

Amount available: $13.1-million over seven years

Web site: http://www.coloradotrust.org

Grant maker: Public Interest Projects (New York)

Program: Communities for Public Education Reform

Purpose: To help local groups and citizens exert influence on
education-improvement efforts in their regions

Amount available: $6-million over three years

Web site: http://www.racialjusticecollaborative.org/pip.cfm

Grant maker: Connect US (Washington)

Program: Global Security and Cooperation Initiative

Purpose: To build support for American involvement in international affairs,
including climate change and energy policy, human rights, nuclear-weapons
proliferation, and international trade and development

Amount available: $5-million over two years

Web site: http://www.connect.us

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 The Chronicle of Philanthropy
                              All Rights Reserved


                              296 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                             April 3, 2014 Thursday
                                  WEST EDITION

COLLIER GETS $250,000 TRAIL GRANT;
FUNDS WILL GO TOWARD CONSTRUCTING DISCOVERY PATH

BYLINE: Carole Gilbert Brown

SECTION: METRO; Pg. W-5

LENGTH: 321 words


Collier will receive $250,000 in state grant money for the construction of
another trail in the sprawling 14-square-mile township.

State Sen. Matt Smith, D-Mt. Lebanon, announced the grant March 25, saying in a
statement, "State investment in our open spaces and vast trail network will
yield immediate economic and quality of life improvements to Collier Township."

The township will receive $169,711 from the Department of Community and Economic
Development's Greenways, Trails and Recreation Program and $80,289 from the
Department of Conservation and Natural Resources Community Conservation
Partnerships Program. Total cost for the Collier Discovery Path trail is
estimated at $502,846, with the township funding the balance with recreation
funds, volunteer labor and in-kind donations.

"The Collier Discovery Path has been a planned initiative of the Friends of
Collier Parks and Recreation as their goal is to connect the many wonderful
places in our community, including our residential areas, business district,
schools and historic places to Collier's parks and already existing Panhandle
Trail network," said Collier commissioners' President George Macino.

The plan is to eventually connect the 2.1-mile Discovery Path with the Neville's
Wood Trail and Panhandle Trail, as well as Settlers Ridge Park and the
Pittsburgh Botanic Garden.

The Discovery Trail will begin at Thoms Run Road near the intersection of Route
50 and wind through township-owned land before ending at Hilltop Park.

Collier, like many other communities, lacks sidewalks in some of its residential
areas, but the Discovery Trail will promote a healthy lifestyle and provide a
safer environment for both pedestrians and cyclists.

Construction on the project, which was rated highly by the Bureau of Recreation
and Conservation, is expected to begin late this year or early next year.

Carole Gilbert Brown, freelance writer: suburbanliving@post-gazette.com

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              297 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 8, 2014 Monday

Washington: USDA Announces New Support to Help Schools Purchase More Food from
Local Farmers

LENGTH: 1063  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Agriculture, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced more than $5 million in grants
for 82 projects spanning 42 states and the U.S. Virgin Islands that support the
U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) efforts to connect school cafeterias
with local farmers and ranchers through its Farm to School Program. The program
helps schools purchase more food from local farmers and ranchers in their
communities, expanding access to healthy local food for school children and
supporting local economies. According to USDA's first-ever Farm to School Census
released earlier this year, school districts participating in farm to school
programs purchased and served over $385 million in local food in school year
2011-2012, with more than half of participating schools planning to increase
their purchases of local food in the future.

"USDA is proud to support communities across the country as they plan and
implement innovative farm to school projects," said Vilsack. "These inspiring
collaborations provide students with healthy, fresh food, while supporting
healthy local economies. Through farm to school projects, community partners are
coming together to ensure a bright future for students, and for local farmers
and ranchers."

Secretary Vilsack made this announcement at Common Market, a pioneering food hub
in Philadelphia that connects wholesale customers to farmers in New Jersey,
Pennsylvania and Delaware. Common Market is receiving a grant to support their
"An Apple a Day" Program. The facility will act as a bridge between Pennsylvania
Family Farms, a small Pennsylvania value-added processor, and public charter
schools to provide food safety, product development, packaging, educational,
marketing, planning, ordering and delivery support to farm and school food
service partners.

Together, Common Market and the other selected projects will serve more than
4,800 schools and 2.8 million students, nearly 51 percent of whom live in rural
communities. A few additional examples include:

Tift County School System in Georgia will build on its current efforts to
provide agriculture and nutrition programs that are experiential, educational
and better connect students to local and regional food. Proposed activities
include retrofitting a school bus to serve as a farm bus/rolling classroom,
retrofitting a canning plant to preserve local tomatoes, and irrigating the
school farm to expand the growing season and increase yield.
 Colonial School District in Delaware will have students and staff directly
engaged in the entire process of planning, growing and processing foods,
creating new menus, and placing healthy foods directly into school nutrition
programs. At the Historic Penn Farm, high school students will grow crops for
both the school's breakfast and lunch programs.
 The Inter Tribal Buffalo Council in South Dakota intends to provide locally
raised tribal bison meat into the school lunch programs, procure other locally
produced food products, and implement school gardens.
 The National Future Farmers of America Organization (FFA) will connect local
youth producers/FFA members to school food buyers and host a series of webinars
focused on developing state level partnerships.

For a complete list of FY15 Farm to School grant recipients, please visit:
http://www.fns.usda.gov/sites/default/files/f2s/FY_2015_Grant_
Award_Summaries.pdf

USDA's Farm to School Grants help schools respond to the growing demand for
locally sourced foods and increase market opportunities for producers and food
businesses, including food processors, manufacturers, and distributors. Grants
will also be used to support agriculture and nutrition education efforts such as
school gardens, field trips to local farms, and cooking classes. USDA Farm to
School Conference and Event Grants support regional, state, and national
conferences, events and/or trainings that have a specific emphasis on developing
supply chain relationships by connecting local producers to school food buyers,
along with events and trainings that provide technical assistance or other
programming in the area of local procurement, food safety, culinary education
and integration of agriculture-based curriculum.

USDA's Farm to School Program is made possible by the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids
Act of 2010, which authorized USDA to provide grants and technical assistance to
help schools gain better access to local foods. Since 2012, USDA has awarded
$15.1 million in grants to 221 Farm to School projects in 49 states, the
District of Columbia, and the Virgin Islands. The Farm to School program is a
core element of the USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food Initiative, which
coordinates the department's work on local food systems.

USDA is focused on improving childhood nutrition and empowering families to make
healthier food choices by providing science-based information and advice, while
expanding the availability of healthy food.

America's students now have healthier and more nutritious school meals due to
improved nutrition standards implemented as a result of the historic Healthy,
Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010.
 USDA's MyPlate symbol and the resources at ChooseMyPlate.gov provide quick,
easy reference tools for parents, teachers, healthcare professionals and
communities.
 USDA awarded $5.2 million in grants to provide training and technical
assistance for child nutrition foodservice professionals and support stronger
school nutrition education programs.
 Since 2009, USDA has provided $160 million in kitchen equipment funding to
states and schools. The President's fiscal year 2015 budget requests an
additional $35 million for kitchen equipment grants. These grants are one of
several ways that USDA is supporting schools as the implement the updated
nutrition standards.
 USDA recently launched a pilot project, called Team Up for School Nutrition
Success, which is working with schools to identify challenges, provide free,
customized training, and match schools with mentors who have successfully
addressed similar challenges.

Collectively these policies and actions are helping to combat child hunger and
obesity, while improving the health and nutrition of the nation's children.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              298 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                              June 29, 2014 Sunday

Glendale will get greener with grant

BYLINE: Anna Iliff STAFF writer, The Orange County Register

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B

LENGTH: 379 words


The city of Glendale will get a little greener this year.

With the help of a $998,000 grant approved by the California Strategic Growth
Council and $1.9 million from state gas tax funds, downtown Glendale will be
transformed by its Green Streets Demonstration Project.

The project aims to beautify downtown Glendale streets, enhance pedestrian
safety and improve stormwater drainage by planting about 100 trees and
installing curb extensions, additional crosswalks, permeable concrete gutters
and bioswales, a natural landscaping technique to remove pollutants from runoff
water. The makeover will cost about $2.9 million, officials said.

The Green Streets transformation will cover 1 mile of roadways, including a
five-block area of Harvard Street between Brand Boulevard and Isabel Street and
a seven-block stretch on Louise Street, between Maple Street and Wilson Avenue.

Selecting which streets would become greener was a strategic move, Glendale
senior mobility planner Mike Nilsson said.

"We wanted to get the maximum benefit for the locations we selected so we could
encourage more people to walk instead of driving," Nilsson said. "Harvard Street
is significant because it connects to our main commercial corridor. It also
connects to a lot of senior housing."

The Louise Street portion of the project includes a YMCA, post office, library,
park, church and school.

Glendale was one of 40 recipients selected from 184 proposals. The California
Strategic Growth Council's Urban Greening Grant Program awarded $24 million to
fund green projects throughout the state.

Other Los Angeles County cities to receive the grants include Pico Rivera,
Bellflower, Long Beach and Whittier. The cities' green developments will range
from creating community gardens to building bike paths.

Funding for the grants comes from Proposition 84, a bond act that supports
sustainable community projects.

"Glendale's ability to secure this competitive grant is a testament to the
city's commitment to creating a more pedestrian-friendly and sustainable
community," Nilsson said.

Planning for the project will begin later this year between the Glendale Public
Works Department and the Community Development Department with hopes for
construction beginning in mid-2015.



ailiff@losangelesregister.com

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              299 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 6, 2014 Saturday

Nevada: USDA Announces New Support to Help Schools Purchase More Food from Local
Farmers

LENGTH: 1086  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of Agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced more than $5 million in grants
for 82 projects spanning 42 states and the U.S. Virgin Islands that support the
U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) efforts to connect school cafeterias
with local farmers and ranchers through its Farm to School Program. The program
helps schools purchase more food from local farmers and ranchers in their
communities, expanding access to healthy local food for school children and
supporting local economies. According to USDA's first-ever Farm to School Census
released earlier this year, school districts participating in farm to school
programs purchased and served over $385 million in local food in school year
2011-2012, with more than half of participating schools planning to increase
their purchases of local food in the future.

"USDA is proud to support communities across the country as they plan and
implement innovative farm to school projects," said Vilsack. "These inspiring
collaborations provide students with healthy, fresh food, while supporting
healthy local economies. Through farm to school projects, community partners are
coming together to ensure a bright future for students, and for local farmers
and ranchers."

Secretary Vilsack made this announcement at Common Market, a pioneering food hub
in Philadelphia that connects wholesale customers to farmers in New Jersey,
Pennsylvania and Delaware. Common Market is receiving a grant to support their
"An Apple a Day" Program. The facility will act as a bridge between Pennsylvania
Family Farms, a small Pennsylvania value-added processor, and public charter
schools to provide food safety, product development, packaging, educational,
marketing, planning, ordering and delivery support to farm and school food
service partners.

Together, Common Market and the other selected projects will serve more than
4,800 schools and 2.8 million students, nearly 51 percent of whom live in rural
communities. A few additional examples include:

Tift County School System in Georgia will build on its current efforts to
provide agriculture and nutrition programs that are experiential, educational
and better connect students to local and regional food. Proposed activities
include retrofitting a school bus to serve as a farm bus/rolling classroom,
retrofitting a canning plant to preserve local tomatoes, and irrigating the
school farm to expand the growing season and increase yield.
    Colonial School District in Delaware will have students and staff directly
engaged in the entire process of planning, growing and processing foods,
creating new menus, and placing healthy foods directly into school nutrition
programs. At the Historic Penn Farm, high school students will grow crops for
both the school's breakfast and lunch programs.
    The Inter Tribal Buffalo Council in South Dakota intends to provide locally
raised tribal bison meat into the school lunch programs, procure other locally
produced food products, and implement school gardens.
    The National Future Farmers of America Organization (FFA) will connect local
youth producers/FFA members to school food buyers and host a series of webinars
focused on developing state level partnerships.

For a complete list of FY15 Farm to School grant recipients, please visit:
http://www.fns.usda.gov/sites/default/files/f2s/FY_2015_Grant_
Award_Summaries.pdf

USDA's Farm to School Grants help schools respond to the growing demand for
locally sourced foods and increase market opportunities for producers and food
businesses, including food processors, manufacturers, and distributors. Grants
will also be used to support agriculture and nutrition education efforts such as
school gardens, field trips to local farms, and cooking classes. USDA Farm to
School Conference and Event Grants support regional, state, and national
conferences, events and/or trainings that have a specific emphasis on developing
supply chain relationships by connecting local producers to school food buyers,
along with events and trainings that provide technical assistance or other
programming in the area of local procurement, food safety, culinary education
and integration of agriculture-based curriculum.

USDA's Farm to School Program is made possible by the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids
Act of 2010, which authorized USDA to provide grants and technical assistance to
help schools gain better access to local foods. Since 2012, USDA has awarded
$15.1 million in grants to 221 Farm to School projects in 49 states, the
District of Columbia, and the Virgin Islands. The Farm to School program is a
core element of the USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food Initiative, which
coordinates the department's work on local food systems.

USDA is focused on improving childhood nutrition and empowering families to make
healthier food choices by providing science-based information and advice, while
expanding the availability of healthy food.

America's students now have healthier and more nutritious school meals due to
improved nutrition standards implemented as a result of the historic Healthy,
Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010.
    USDA's MyPlate symbol and the resources at ChooseMyPlate.gov provide quick,
easy reference tools for parents, teachers, healthcare professionals and
communities.
    USDA awarded $5.2 million in grants to provide training and technical
assistance for child nutrition foodservice professionals and support stronger
school nutrition education programs.
    Since 2009, USDA has provided $160 million in kitchen equipment funding to
states and schools. The President's fiscal year 2015 budget requests an
additional $35 million for kitchen equipment grants. These grants are one of
several ways that USDA is supporting schools as the implement the updated
nutrition standards.
    USDA recently launched a pilot project, called Team Up for School Nutrition
Success, which is working with schools to identify challenges, provide free,
customized training, and match schools with mentors who have successfully
addressed similar challenges.

Collectively these policies and actions are helping to combat child hunger and
obesity, while improving the health and nutrition of the nation's children. For
more information on USDA's Farm to School Program, please visit
www.fns.usda.gov/farmtoschool.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              300 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 6, 2014 Saturday

Nevada: USDA Announces New Support to Help Schools Purchase More Food from Local
Farmers

LENGTH: 1086  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of Agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced more than $5 million in grants
for 82 projects spanning 42 states and the U.S. Virgin Islands that support the
U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) efforts to connect school cafeterias
with local farmers and ranchers through its Farm to School Program. The program
helps schools purchase more food from local farmers and ranchers in their
communities, expanding access to healthy local food for school children and
supporting local economies. According to USDA's first-ever Farm to School Census
released earlier this year, school districts participating in farm to school
programs purchased and served over $385 million in local food in school year
2011-2012, with more than half of participating schools planning to increase
their purchases of local food in the future.

"USDA is proud to support communities across the country as they plan and
implement innovative farm to school projects," said Vilsack. "These inspiring
collaborations provide students with healthy, fresh food, while supporting
healthy local economies. Through farm to school projects, community partners are
coming together to ensure a bright future for students, and for local farmers
and ranchers."

Secretary Vilsack made this announcement at Common Market, a pioneering food hub
in Philadelphia that connects wholesale customers to farmers in New Jersey,
Pennsylvania and Delaware. Common Market is receiving a grant to support their
"An Apple a Day" Program. The facility will act as a bridge between Pennsylvania
Family Farms, a small Pennsylvania value-added processor, and public charter
schools to provide food safety, product development, packaging, educational,
marketing, planning, ordering and delivery support to farm and school food
service partners.

Together, Common Market and the other selected projects will serve more than
4,800 schools and 2.8 million students, nearly 51 percent of whom live in rural
communities. A few additional examples include:

Tift County School System in Georgia will build on its current efforts to
provide agriculture and nutrition programs that are experiential, educational
and better connect students to local and regional food. Proposed activities
include retrofitting a school bus to serve as a farm bus/rolling classroom,
retrofitting a canning plant to preserve local tomatoes, and irrigating the
school farm to expand the growing season and increase yield.
    Colonial School District in Delaware will have students and staff directly
engaged in the entire process of planning, growing and processing foods,
creating new menus, and placing healthy foods directly into school nutrition
programs. At the Historic Penn Farm, high school students will grow crops for
both the school's breakfast and lunch programs.
    The Inter Tribal Buffalo Council in South Dakota intends to provide locally
raised tribal bison meat into the school lunch programs, procure other locally
produced food products, and implement school gardens.
    The National Future Farmers of America Organization (FFA) will connect local
youth producers/FFA members to school food buyers and host a series of webinars
focused on developing state level partnerships.

For a complete list of FY15 Farm to School grant recipients, please visit:
http://www.fns.usda.gov/sites/default/files/f2s/FY_2015_Grant_
Award_Summaries.pdf

USDA's Farm to School Grants help schools respond to the growing demand for
locally sourced foods and increase market opportunities for producers and food
businesses, including food processors, manufacturers, and distributors. Grants
will also be used to support agriculture and nutrition education efforts such as
school gardens, field trips to local farms, and cooking classes. USDA Farm to
School Conference and Event Grants support regional, state, and national
conferences, events and/or trainings that have a specific emphasis on developing
supply chain relationships by connecting local producers to school food buyers,
along with events and trainings that provide technical assistance or other
programming in the area of local procurement, food safety, culinary education
and integration of agriculture-based curriculum.

USDA's Farm to School Program is made possible by the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids
Act of 2010, which authorized USDA to provide grants and technical assistance to
help schools gain better access to local foods. Since 2012, USDA has awarded
$15.1 million in grants to 221 Farm to School projects in 49 states, the
District of Columbia, and the Virgin Islands. The Farm to School program is a
core element of the USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food Initiative, which
coordinates the department's work on local food systems.

USDA is focused on improving childhood nutrition and empowering families to make
healthier food choices by providing science-based information and advice, while
expanding the availability of healthy food.

America's students now have healthier and more nutritious school meals due to
improved nutrition standards implemented as a result of the historic Healthy,
Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010.
    USDA's MyPlate symbol and the resources at ChooseMyPlate.gov provide quick,
easy reference tools for parents, teachers, healthcare professionals and
communities.
    USDA awarded $5.2 million in grants to provide training and technical
assistance for child nutrition foodservice professionals and support stronger
school nutrition education programs.
    Since 2009, USDA has provided $160 million in kitchen equipment funding to
states and schools. The President's fiscal year 2015 budget requests an
additional $35 million for kitchen equipment grants. These grants are one of
several ways that USDA is supporting schools as the implement the updated
nutrition standards.
    USDA recently launched a pilot project, called Team Up for School Nutrition
Success, which is working with schools to identify challenges, provide free,
customized training, and match schools with mentors who have successfully
addressed similar challenges.

Collectively these policies and actions are helping to combat child hunger and
obesity, while improving the health and nutrition of the nation's children. For
more information on USDA's Farm to School Program, please visit
www.fns.usda.gov/farmtoschool.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              301 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 5, 2014 Friday

Nevada: USDA Announces New Support to Help Schools Purchase More Food from Local
Farmers

LENGTH: 1086  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of Agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced more than $5 million in grants
for 82 projects spanning 42 states and the U.S. Virgin Islands that support the
U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) efforts to connect school cafeterias
with local farmers and ranchers through its Farm to School Program. The program
helps schools purchase more food from local farmers and ranchers in their
communities, expanding access to healthy local food for school children and
supporting local economies. According to USDA's first-ever Farm to School Census
released earlier this year, school districts participating in farm to school
programs purchased and served over $385 million in local food in school year
2011-2012, with more than half of participating schools planning to increase
their purchases of local food in the future.

"USDA is proud to support communities across the country as they plan and
implement innovative farm to school projects," said Vilsack. "These inspiring
collaborations provide students with healthy, fresh food, while supporting
healthy local economies. Through farm to school projects, community partners are
coming together to ensure a bright future for students, and for local farmers
and ranchers."

Secretary Vilsack made this announcement at Common Market, a pioneering food hub
in Philadelphia that connects wholesale customers to farmers in New Jersey,
Pennsylvania and Delaware. Common Market is receiving a grant to support their
"An Apple a Day" Program. The facility will act as a bridge between Pennsylvania
Family Farms, a small Pennsylvania value-added processor, and public charter
schools to provide food safety, product development, packaging, educational,
marketing, planning, ordering and delivery support to farm and school food
service partners.

Together, Common Market and the other selected projects will serve more than
4,800 schools and 2.8 million students, nearly 51 percent of whom live in rural
communities. A few additional examples include:

Tift County School System in Georgia will build on its current efforts to
provide agriculture and nutrition programs that are experiential, educational
and better connect students to local and regional food. Proposed activities
include retrofitting a school bus to serve as a farm bus/rolling classroom,
retrofitting a canning plant to preserve local tomatoes, and irrigating the
school farm to expand the growing season and increase yield.
    Colonial School District in Delaware will have students and staff directly
engaged in the entire process of planning, growing and processing foods,
creating new menus, and placing healthy foods directly into school nutrition
programs. At the Historic Penn Farm, high school students will grow crops for
both the school's breakfast and lunch programs.
    The Inter Tribal Buffalo Council in South Dakota intends to provide locally
raised tribal bison meat into the school lunch programs, procure other locally
produced food products, and implement school gardens.
    The National Future Farmers of America Organization (FFA) will connect local
youth producers/FFA members to school food buyers and host a series of webinars
focused on developing state level partnerships.

For a complete list of FY15 Farm to School grant recipients, please visit:
http://www.fns.usda.gov/sites/default/files/f2s/FY_2015_Grant_
Award_Summaries.pdf

USDA's Farm to School Grants help schools respond to the growing demand for
locally sourced foods and increase market opportunities for producers and food
businesses, including food processors, manufacturers, and distributors. Grants
will also be used to support agriculture and nutrition education efforts such as
school gardens, field trips to local farms, and cooking classes. USDA Farm to
School Conference and Event Grants support regional, state, and national
conferences, events and/or trainings that have a specific emphasis on developing
supply chain relationships by connecting local producers to school food buyers,
along with events and trainings that provide technical assistance or other
programming in the area of local procurement, food safety, culinary education
and integration of agriculture-based curriculum.

USDA's Farm to School Program is made possible by the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids
Act of 2010, which authorized USDA to provide grants and technical assistance to
help schools gain better access to local foods. Since 2012, USDA has awarded
$15.1 million in grants to 221 Farm to School projects in 49 states, the
District of Columbia, and the Virgin Islands. The Farm to School program is a
core element of the USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food Initiative, which
coordinates the department's work on local food systems.

USDA is focused on improving childhood nutrition and empowering families to make
healthier food choices by providing science-based information and advice, while
expanding the availability of healthy food.

America's students now have healthier and more nutritious school meals due to
improved nutrition standards implemented as a result of the historic Healthy,
Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010.
    USDA's MyPlate symbol and the resources at ChooseMyPlate.gov provide quick,
easy reference tools for parents, teachers, healthcare professionals and
communities.
    USDA awarded $5.2 million in grants to provide training and technical
assistance for child nutrition foodservice professionals and support stronger
school nutrition education programs.
    Since 2009, USDA has provided $160 million in kitchen equipment funding to
states and schools. The President's fiscal year 2015 budget requests an
additional $35 million for kitchen equipment grants. These grants are one of
several ways that USDA is supporting schools as the implement the updated
nutrition standards.
    USDA recently launched a pilot project, called Team Up for School Nutrition
Success, which is working with schools to identify challenges, provide free,
customized training, and match schools with mentors who have successfully
addressed similar challenges.

Collectively these policies and actions are helping to combat child hunger and
obesity, while improving the health and nutrition of the nation's children. For
more information on USDA's Farm to School Program, please visit
www.fns.usda.gov/farmtoschool.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              302 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 4, 2014 Thursday

Nevada: USDA Announces New Support to Help Schools Purchase More Food from Local
Farmers

LENGTH: 1086  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of Agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced more than $5 million in grants
for 82 projects spanning 42 states and the U.S. Virgin Islands that support the
U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) efforts to connect school cafeterias
with local farmers and ranchers through its Farm to School Program. The program
helps schools purchase more food from local farmers and ranchers in their
communities, expanding access to healthy local food for school children and
supporting local economies. According to USDA's first-ever Farm to School Census
released earlier this year, school districts participating in farm to school
programs purchased and served over $385 million in local food in school year
2011-2012, with more than half of participating schools planning to increase
their purchases of local food in the future.

"USDA is proud to support communities across the country as they plan and
implement innovative farm to school projects," said Vilsack. "These inspiring
collaborations provide students with healthy, fresh food, while supporting
healthy local economies. Through farm to school projects, community partners are
coming together to ensure a bright future for students, and for local farmers
and ranchers."

Secretary Vilsack made this announcement at Common Market, a pioneering food hub
in Philadelphia that connects wholesale customers to farmers in New Jersey,
Pennsylvania and Delaware. Common Market is receiving a grant to support their
"An Apple a Day" Program. The facility will act as a bridge between Pennsylvania
Family Farms, a small Pennsylvania value-added processor, and public charter
schools to provide food safety, product development, packaging, educational,
marketing, planning, ordering and delivery support to farm and school food
service partners.

Together, Common Market and the other selected projects will serve more than
4,800 schools and 2.8 million students, nearly 51 percent of whom live in rural
communities. A few additional examples include:

Tift County School System in Georgia will build on its current efforts to
provide agriculture and nutrition programs that are experiential, educational
and better connect students to local and regional food. Proposed activities
include retrofitting a school bus to serve as a farm bus/rolling classroom,
retrofitting a canning plant to preserve local tomatoes, and irrigating the
school farm to expand the growing season and increase yield.
    Colonial School District in Delaware will have students and staff directly
engaged in the entire process of planning, growing and processing foods,
creating new menus, and placing healthy foods directly into school nutrition
programs. At the Historic Penn Farm, high school students will grow crops for
both the school's breakfast and lunch programs.
    The Inter Tribal Buffalo Council in South Dakota intends to provide locally
raised tribal bison meat into the school lunch programs, procure other locally
produced food products, and implement school gardens.
    The National Future Farmers of America Organization (FFA) will connect local
youth producers/FFA members to school food buyers and host a series of webinars
focused on developing state level partnerships.

For a complete list of FY15 Farm to School grant recipients, please visit:
http://www.fns.usda.gov/sites/default/files/f2s/FY_2015_Grant_
Award_Summaries.pdf

USDA's Farm to School Grants help schools respond to the growing demand for
locally sourced foods and increase market opportunities for producers and food
businesses, including food processors, manufacturers, and distributors. Grants
will also be used to support agriculture and nutrition education efforts such as
school gardens, field trips to local farms, and cooking classes. USDA Farm to
School Conference and Event Grants support regional, state, and national
conferences, events and/or trainings that have a specific emphasis on developing
supply chain relationships by connecting local producers to school food buyers,
along with events and trainings that provide technical assistance or other
programming in the area of local procurement, food safety, culinary education
and integration of agriculture-based curriculum.

USDA's Farm to School Program is made possible by the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids
Act of 2010, which authorized USDA to provide grants and technical assistance to
help schools gain better access to local foods. Since 2012, USDA has awarded
$15.1 million in grants to 221 Farm to School projects in 49 states, the
District of Columbia, and the Virgin Islands. The Farm to School program is a
core element of the USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food Initiative, which
coordinates the department's work on local food systems.

USDA is focused on improving childhood nutrition and empowering families to make
healthier food choices by providing science-based information and advice, while
expanding the availability of healthy food.

America's students now have healthier and more nutritious school meals due to
improved nutrition standards implemented as a result of the historic Healthy,
Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010.
    USDA's MyPlate symbol and the resources at ChooseMyPlate.gov provide quick,
easy reference tools for parents, teachers, healthcare professionals and
communities.
    USDA awarded $5.2 million in grants to provide training and technical
assistance for child nutrition foodservice professionals and support stronger
school nutrition education programs.
    Since 2009, USDA has provided $160 million in kitchen equipment funding to
states and schools. The President's fiscal year 2015 budget requests an
additional $35 million for kitchen equipment grants. These grants are one of
several ways that USDA is supporting schools as the implement the updated
nutrition standards.
    USDA recently launched a pilot project, called Team Up for School Nutrition
Success, which is working with schools to identify challenges, provide free,
customized training, and match schools with mentors who have successfully
addressed similar challenges.

Collectively these policies and actions are helping to combat child hunger and
obesity, while improving the health and nutrition of the nation's children. For
more information on USDA's Farm to School Program, please visit
www.fns.usda.gov/farmtoschool.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              303 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 3, 2014 Wednesday

Nevada: USDA Announces New Support to Help Schools Purchase More Food from Local
Farmers

LENGTH: 1086  words

DATELINE: Carson City


United States Department of Agriculture, The State of Nevada has issued the
following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced more than $5 million in grants
for 82 projects spanning 42 states and the U.S. Virgin Islands that support the
U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) efforts to connect school cafeterias
with local farmers and ranchers through its Farm to School Program. The program
helps schools purchase more food from local farmers and ranchers in their
communities, expanding access to healthy local food for school children and
supporting local economies. According to USDA's first-ever Farm to School Census
released earlier this year, school districts participating in farm to school
programs purchased and served over $385 million in local food in school year
2011-2012, with more than half of participating schools planning to increase
their purchases of local food in the future.

"USDA is proud to support communities across the country as they plan and
implement innovative farm to school projects," said Vilsack. "These inspiring
collaborations provide students with healthy, fresh food, while supporting
healthy local economies. Through farm to school projects, community partners are
coming together to ensure a bright future for students, and for local farmers
and ranchers."

Secretary Vilsack made this announcement at Common Market, a pioneering food hub
in Philadelphia that connects wholesale customers to farmers in New Jersey,
Pennsylvania and Delaware. Common Market is receiving a grant to support their
"An Apple a Day" Program. The facility will act as a bridge between Pennsylvania
Family Farms, a small Pennsylvania value-added processor, and public charter
schools to provide food safety, product development, packaging, educational,
marketing, planning, ordering and delivery support to farm and school food
service partners.

Together, Common Market and the other selected projects will serve more than
4,800 schools and 2.8 million students, nearly 51 percent of whom live in rural
communities. A few additional examples include:

Tift County School System in Georgia will build on its current efforts to
provide agriculture and nutrition programs that are experiential, educational
and better connect students to local and regional food. Proposed activities
include retrofitting a school bus to serve as a farm bus/rolling classroom,
retrofitting a canning plant to preserve local tomatoes, and irrigating the
school farm to expand the growing season and increase yield.
    Colonial School District in Delaware will have students and staff directly
engaged in the entire process of planning, growing and processing foods,
creating new menus, and placing healthy foods directly into school nutrition
programs. At the Historic Penn Farm, high school students will grow crops for
both the school's breakfast and lunch programs.
    The Inter Tribal Buffalo Council in South Dakota intends to provide locally
raised tribal bison meat into the school lunch programs, procure other locally
produced food products, and implement school gardens.
    The National Future Farmers of America Organization (FFA) will connect local
youth producers/FFA members to school food buyers and host a series of webinars
focused on developing state level partnerships.

For a complete list of FY15 Farm to School grant recipients, please visit:
http://www.fns.usda.gov/sites/default/files/f2s/FY_2015_Grant_
Award_Summaries.pdf

USDA's Farm to School Grants help schools respond to the growing demand for
locally sourced foods and increase market opportunities for producers and food
businesses, including food processors, manufacturers, and distributors. Grants
will also be used to support agriculture and nutrition education efforts such as
school gardens, field trips to local farms, and cooking classes. USDA Farm to
School Conference and Event Grants support regional, state, and national
conferences, events and/or trainings that have a specific emphasis on developing
supply chain relationships by connecting local producers to school food buyers,
along with events and trainings that provide technical assistance or other
programming in the area of local procurement, food safety, culinary education
and integration of agriculture-based curriculum.

USDA's Farm to School Program is made possible by the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids
Act of 2010, which authorized USDA to provide grants and technical assistance to
help schools gain better access to local foods. Since 2012, USDA has awarded
$15.1 million in grants to 221 Farm to School projects in 49 states, the
District of Columbia, and the Virgin Islands. The Farm to School program is a
core element of the USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food Initiative, which
coordinates the department's work on local food systems.

USDA is focused on improving childhood nutrition and empowering families to make
healthier food choices by providing science-based information and advice, while
expanding the availability of healthy food.

America's students now have healthier and more nutritious school meals due to
improved nutrition standards implemented as a result of the historic Healthy,
Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010.
    USDA's MyPlate symbol and the resources at ChooseMyPlate.gov provide quick,
easy reference tools for parents, teachers, healthcare professionals and
communities.
    USDA awarded $5.2 million in grants to provide training and technical
assistance for child nutrition foodservice professionals and support stronger
school nutrition education programs.
    Since 2009, USDA has provided $160 million in kitchen equipment funding to
states and schools. The President's fiscal year 2015 budget requests an
additional $35 million for kitchen equipment grants. These grants are one of
several ways that USDA is supporting schools as the implement the updated
nutrition standards.
    USDA recently launched a pilot project, called Team Up for School Nutrition
Success, which is working with schools to identify challenges, provide free,
customized training, and match schools with mentors who have successfully
addressed similar challenges.

Collectively these policies and actions are helping to combat child hunger and
obesity, while improving the health and nutrition of the nation's children. For
more information on USDA's Farm to School Program, please visit
www.fns.usda.gov/farmtoschool.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.come

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              304 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 2, 2014 Tuesday

Arizona: USDA Announces New Support to Help Schools Purchase More Food from
Local Farmers

LENGTH: 1155  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Agriculture has issued the following news release:

PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 2, 2014 - Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced
more than $5 million in grants for 82 projects spanning 42 states and the U.S.
Virgin Islands that support the U.S. Department of Agriculture's (USDA) efforts
to connect school cafeterias with local farmers and ranchers through its Farm to
School Program. The program helps schools purchase more food from local farmers
and ranchers in their communities, expanding access to healthy local food for
school children and supporting local economies. According to USDA's first-ever
Farm to School Census released earlier this year, school districts participating
in farm to school programs purchased and served over $385 million in local food
in school year 2011-2012, with more than half of participating schools planning
to increase their purchases of local food in the future.

"USDA is proud to support communities across the country as they plan and
implement innovative farm to school projects," said Vilsack. "These inspiring
collaborations provide students with healthy, fresh food, while supporting
healthy local economies. Through farm to school projects, community partners are
coming together to ensure a bright future for students, and for local farmers
and ranchers."

Secretary Vilsack made this announcement at Common Market, a pioneering food hub
in Philadelphia that connects wholesale customers to farmers in New Jersey,
Pennsylvania and Delaware. Common Market is receiving a grant to support their
"An Apple a Day" Program. The facility will act as a bridge between Pennsylvania
Family Farms, a small Pennsylvania value-added processor, and public charter
schools to provide food safety, product development, packaging, educational,
marketing, planning, ordering and delivery support to farm and school food
service partners.

Together, Common Market and the other selected projects will serve more than
4,800 schools and 2.8 million students, nearly 51 percent of whom live in rural
communities. A few additional examples include:

Tift County School System in Georgia will build on its current efforts to
provide agriculture and nutrition programs that are experiential, educational
and better connect students to local and regional food. Proposed activities
include retrofitting a school bus to serve as a farm bus/rolling classroom,
retrofitting a canning plant to preserve local tomatoes, and irrigating the
school farm to expand the growing season and increase yield.
    Colonial School District in Delaware will have students and staff directly
engaged in the entire process of planning, growing and processing foods,
creating new menus, and placing healthy foods directly into school nutrition
programs. At the Historic Penn Farm, high school students will grow crops for
both the school's breakfast and lunch programs.
    The Inter Tribal Buffalo Council in South Dakota intends to provide locally
raised tribal bison meat into the school lunch programs, procure other locally
produced food products, and implement school gardens.
    The National Future Farmers of America Organization (FFA) will connect local
youth producers/FFA members to school food buyers and host a series of webinars
focused on developing state level partnerships.

For a complete list of FY15 Farm to School grant recipients, please visit:
http://www.fns.usda.gov/sites/default/files/f2s/FY_2015_Grant_
Award_Summaries.pdf

USDA's Farm to School Grants help schools respond to the growing demand for
locally sourced foods and increase market opportunities for producers and food
businesses, including food processors, manufacturers, and distributors. Grants
will also be used to support agriculture and nutrition education efforts such as
school gardens, field trips to local farms, and cooking classes. USDA Farm to
School Conference and Event Grants support regional, state, and national
conferences, events and/or trainings that have a specific emphasis on developing
supply chain relationships by connecting local producers to school food buyers,
along with events and trainings that provide technical assistance or other
programming in the area of local procurement, food safety, culinary education
and integration of agriculture-based curriculum.

USDA's Farm to School Program is made possible by the Healthy, Hunger-Free Kids
Act of 2010, which authorized USDA to provide grants and technical assistance to
help schools gain better access to local foods. Since 2012, USDA has awarded
$15.1 million in grants to 221 Farm to School projects in 49 states, the
District of Columbia, and the Virgin Islands. The Farm to School program is a
core element of the USDA's Know Your Farmer, Know Your Food Initiative, which
coordinates the department's work on local food systems.

USDA is focused on improving childhood nutrition and empowering families to make
healthier food choices by providing science-based information and advice, while
expanding the availability of healthy food.

America's students now have healthier and more nutritious school meals due to
improved nutrition standards implemented as a result of the historic Healthy,
Hunger-Free Kids Act of 2010.
    USDA's MyPlate symbol and the resources at ChooseMyPlate.gov provide quick,
easy reference tools for parents, teachers, healthcare professionals and
communities.
    USDA awarded $5.2 million in grants to provide training and technical
assistance for child nutrition foodservice professionals and support stronger
school nutrition education programs.
    Since 2009, USDA has provided $160 million in kitchen equipment funding to
states and schools. The President's fiscal year 2015 budget requests an
additional $35 million for kitchen equipment grants. These grants are one of
several ways that USDA is supporting schools as the implement the updated
nutrition standards.
    USDA recently launched a pilot project, called Team Up for School Nutrition
Success, which is working with schools to identify challenges, provide free,
customized training, and match schools with mentors who have successfully
addressed similar challenges.

Collectively these policies and actions are helping to combat child hunger and
obesity, while improving the health and nutrition of the nation's children. For
more information on USDA's Farm to School Program, please visit
www.fns.usda.gov/farmtoschool.

#

USDA is an equal opportunity provider and employer. To file a complaint of
discrimination, write to USDA, Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, Office of
the Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights, 1400 Independence Avenue, S.W., Stop
9410, Washington, DC 20250-9410, or call toll-free at (866) 632-9992 (English)
or (800) 877-8339 (TDD) or (866) 377-8642 (English Federal-relay) or (800)
845-6136 (Spanish Federal-relay).

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              305 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Bridlington Free Press

                            December 20, 2015 Sunday

Grant funds keep people connected

LENGTH: 465  words


East Riding of Yorkshire Council recognises the damaging effect that loneliness
can have on older people's health and wellbeing.

To combat this the council, in partnership with the East Riding Clinical
Commissioning Group, is exploring ways to help people connect to activities in
their locality.

One of these ways is through the Connecting Communities Grant Fund.

Established in July 2013 the time limited grant is designed to support community
activity, promote independence, and combat social isolation among the over 50s.

The money has helped groups get off the ground and thrive, by for example
funding new equipment, day trips, activities, and training.

The Martongate Community Cafe, in Bridlington has benefitted from the scheme.

The cafe, which is open at the North Library on Tuesdays 2-4.15pm, is somewhere
for people to socialise in a friendly environment, play table games such as
dominoes and scrabble, and participate in a chair-based exercise class delivered
by NHS Practice Health Champions called Exercise4All.

Project leader, Rev Gavin McFadyen, said: "The grant money has made a huge
difference to the work of the cafe, enabling it to get started and to develop
activities which are a real benefit to the community.

"The cafe is about creating community by helping people become connected through
friendship and by having fun together."

The Wednesday Club, which meets weekly at Ellerton and Aughton Village Hall, was
established 25 years ago and in danger of closing until they too successfully
applied for a grant.

Volunteer coordinator Simone Wintringham said: "The Wednesday Club has been a
real life saver. One person who attends lost his wife and didn't leave the house
for six months but since coming to the club I now regularly see him out and
about in Pocklington."

The club offers a varied activity programme to around 17 people, many aged 70 or
over or with serious mobility problems.

In a recent survey 85% of members said they felt less lonely since joining the
Wednesday Club, while 100% of members said they had learnt new skills.

Simone added: "Without the grant we wouldn't be up and running. The money covers
everything from our transport costs to our activities, trips out and training
the 16 volunteers on the rota. It's been a fantastic boost."

Cllr Richard Harrap, portfolio holder for adult and carer services, said:
"Connecting Communities is a fantastic source of support for community and
voluntary groups who need the financial boost to get started or to continue
helping people lead independent and socially engaged lives."

For more details contact Roger Tomlin at roger.tomlin@eastriding.gov.uk or call
01482 392226.

Information about groups in your area is available online through East Riding
Connect to Support at www.connecttosupport.org/eastriding

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NBFP


                       Copyright 2015 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              306 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                            Columbia County Connects

                                626 E Slifer St.
                               Portage,  WI 53901
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (608) 745-5491
URL: www.columbiacountyconnects.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 175

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Columbia County Connects has been funded for an additional 5 years through a
Drug-Free Communities grant. The grant will not only continue to fund present
programs, but will also fund an expansion of the Community Action Teams (CATs).
The hope is to sustain a CAT Team in 2 communities in the coming year to help
mobilize change regarding alcohol and drugs. Columbia County communities are
welcome to apply.  The Coalition has 4 primary programs to reduce alcohol use by
youth:   Youth Leadership through community service School Curriculum (Project
Northland) Parent/Community Action Teams Public Awareness Campaigns to change
community attitudes toward youth alcohol use   Columbia County Connects has been
documenting their efforts since 2001 and has seen some important changes:   16%
reduction in the number of 11th graders who reported driving a car while
drinking (25% in 2001 to 21% in 2003) 19% reduction in the number of students
who used alcohol in the last month (37% to 30%) 32% increase in the number of
students who report that youth are valued as resources (from 19% to 25%) 17%
increase in the number of students who believe that school is a caring and
encouraging environment (from 23% to 27%)   The Coalition has incorporated the
youth surveys into their evaluation to assess any impact. The federal funding
has made it possible to support the Coalition as well as to evaluate its
efforts.  Columbia County Connects is a member of CADCA (Community Anti-Drug
Coalitions of America).

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              307 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 18, 2016 Monday

USDA Funds 81 Distance Learning and Telemedicine Projects

LENGTH: 495  words

DATELINE: New York



 Jackson: Growing Mississippi has issued the following news release:



  Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture (USDA) will fund 81 Distance Learning and Telemedicine (DLT)
projects in 32 states. These projects will help connect rural communities with
medical and educational experts in other parts of the country, increasing access
to health care, substance misuse treatment and advanced educational
opportunities.





 "Using technology for educational opportunities and medical care can provide
services that are often unavailable in rural areas," Vilsack said. "USDA's
Distance Learning and Telemedicine Program helps communities better meet the
needs of their residents.



 For example, opioid and other substance misuse disproportionately affect rural
areas, and telemedicine is proving to be an effective tool for treating patients
when experts otherwise would be unavailable. Hospitals, schools and training
centers across the country are successfully using telecommunications to deliver
specialized care to area residents, and we are proud to bring these capabilities
to 81 additional communities."



 USDA is awarding $23.4 million in grants to support 45 distance learning and 36
telemedicine projects.



 Some of the awards will help communities provide services to address opioid
misuse, a problem that is especially prevalent in rural areas. Secretary Vilsack
is leading an interagency effort to address the rural opioid crisis. On June 30,
Vilsack hosted a town hall meeting in Abingdon, Va., to address how the crisis
is affecting rural America and parts of Appalachia, and while there he announced
funding for five DLT projects in rural Kentucky, Tennessee and Virginia to
respond to the issue.



 One of the recipients announced today, the Southern Hills Counseling Center in
Jasper, Ind., will receive a $73,000 grant to implement a telemedicine system to
improve the availability of mental health services in several remote Indiana
counties. The network will give health care professionals the ability to connect
in real time with urban-based mental health specialists. Additionally, the
counseling center will be able to connect to rural hospitals that serve this
isolated community, providing psychiatric diagnoses and support for hospital
emergency departments.



 In Chippewa Falls, Wis., the Cooperative Educational Service Agency No. 10 has
been selected to receive $134,000 to extend distance learning capabilities to
students at 12 rural K-12 schools in west-central Wisconsin. This project builds
upon a USDA-funded distance learning network connecting rural schools in
Wisconsin with those serving the Kenaitze Indian Tribe in Alaska.



 The schools share teacher resources and educational content, and provide access
to classes from Chippewa Valley Technical College in Eau Claire, Wis.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              308 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Dispatch, Lexington, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 9, 2013 Tuesday

Council awards bid for sewer project

BYLINE: Nash Dunn, The Dispatch, Lexington, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 367 words


April 09--About 24 homes near Cow Palace Road will be able to tap into city
sewer in coming months.

Lexington City Council voted Monday to award a bid for construction to SKC Inc.,
of Seagrove, to install about 2,430 linear feet of sewer line to qualified
low-income households in the area, which is located just west of Lexington off
Old Salisbury Road.

SKC's bid of $218,733 was the lowest of eight bidders, according to city
records.

Homeowners wishing to connect to city sewer can do so at no cost, said Roger
Jones, a city engineer.

"Normally, you would be paying a tap fee," Jones said. "A standard outside sewer
tap is $3,500, plus the money it costs to pay a plumber to tie into your house."

About 95 percent of the project's cost is being funded through a Community
Development Block Grant from the North Carolina Department of Commerce.

Residents who wish to connect will have to pay the outside city sewer rate,
since the areas surrounding Cow Palace Road are not inside Lexington's corporate
limits.

Jones said the project should be complete by the end of August or early
September.

"If anybody is going to sign up for it, now would be the time," Jones said.

In other business, council:

--Approved a request from The Office of Business and Community Development for
an additional city planner position.

--Closed out a $504,000 Economic Development Community Development Block Grant
from 2010 that was used to relocate a water line used for a storage tank at
Moran Foods, the parent corporation of Save-A-Lot. The project, which required a
local match of about $126,000, resulted in 42 new full-time jobs, according to
city records.

--Approved a request to accept an Assistance to Firefighters Grant in the amount
of $155,871 from the Federal Emergency Management Agency and the U.S. Department
of Homeland Security. The city would be required to provide a 10 percent match
for the grant, or $15,587. The grant would be used to purchase 24 self-contained
breathing apparatus air packs.

Nash Dunn can be reached at 249-3981, ext. 227, or at nash.dunn@the-dispatch.com

___ (c)2013 The Dispatch, Lexington, N.C. Visit The Dispatch, Lexington, N.C. at
www.the-dispatch.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130409-1LN-Council-awards-bid-for-sewer-project-0409-20130409

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1LN


                  Copyright 2013 The Dispatch, Lexington, N.C.


                              309 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Telegram (Superior, Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 21, 2012 Tuesday

Tiger community connects

BYLINE: Maria Lockwood, Superior Telegram, Wis.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 638 words


Aug. 21--Visitors can enjoy an extra hour of fun at this year's Tiger Community
Event, which takes place from 3-7 p.m. Friday at Northwestern High School in
Maple. The festivities are for everyone.

"We're trying to pull the entire community together," said NHS Principal Steve
High. The free event includes food, live music, prizes, a rock climbing wall and
the chance to soak a principal or two. Both High and Northwestern Middle School
Principal Ken Bartelt will be featured in a dunk tank. A number of class
officers have also offered to take the plunge.

Area businesses are encouraged to set up a table during the event. They can
coordinate an activity for kids, hand out information about their business, or
just tell people who they are.

"A lot of times I'm not so sure businesses know everything that happens at
Northwestern High School," High said. On the flip side, the principal admitted
he doesn't know every business in the district, which covers 500 square miles
and encompasses 11 towns and villages.

"Come and put your name out there," he said.

The event is also a chance to connect parents to school and provide information
about the various co- and extra-curricular activities available. Coaches and
advisors will be on hand to talk about everything from Future Farmers of America
and Skills USA to basketball and golf. It's an event for the whole family, High
said. Those who attend are welcome to stay for the Tigers' first home football
game against Ashland, which begins at 7 p.m. There is a cost to attend the game,
$4 for adults and $2 for students.

Last year's inaugural community event was attended by more than 300 people. It
is one of a series of initiatives being funded by a three year, $180,000 Safe
and Supportive Schools Grant. The ultimate goal is to keep kids in school and
keep them connected to school. Staff want to help students feel that "Hey, they
really do care about us here," High said.

Funding from the Safe and Supportive Schools Grant has been used to start a
student leadership group. The 60 kids involved work with teachers and a
motivational speaker from the Twin Cities area. One of the group's
responsibilities was to plan weekly assemblies that recognize student
achievement across the board, from football to quiz bowl. Approximately 70
percent of students at the high school are involved in co- and extra-curricular
activities, High said.

Grant money also funded an after school support center two days a week. Staffed
by three teachers, the center was utilized on average by 12 to 18 students each
session. Money was also earmarked for safety measures including hand held radios
and seven video cameras, and for an in school suspension monitor.

"We were able to reduce out of school suspension by close to 70 percent," High
said. "What we're trying to do is what we open the doors for every day, and that
is to help kids be successful."

The school qualified for the Safe and Supportive Schools grant due to a
combination of student responses to an annual youth at-risk survey and out of
school suspension numbers, High said. While the principal wasn't excited to know
that their statistics were less than stellar, he said the funding has had a
positive effect already in just one year. Now, staff members are looking ahead
to when the grant runs out. High said he hopes to find a way to continue funding
the after school study center and in-school suspension programs.

"If those two things went away, it would have an effect on the student body," he
said.

To volunteer, make a donation of food or prizes or set up a vendor/business
table, contact the high school office at (715) 363-2434, ext. 2000

More from around the web

___ (c)2012 the Superior Telegram (Superior, Wis.) Visit the Superior Telegram
(Superior, Wis.) at www.superiortelegram.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120821-DG-Tiger-community-connects-0821-20120821

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DG


                       Copyright 2012 The Daily Telegram


                              310 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                           December 3, 2014 Wednesday
                                  WEB Edition

Youth to gain access to local produce through grants

BYLINE: BY SOLOMON LEACH; Daily News Staff Writer leachs@phillynews.com,
215-854-5903

SECTION: LOCAL; P-com Biggie News Update; Pg. 00

LENGTH: 279 words


ALMOST 15,000 Philadelphia students will gain better access to and education
about locally grown food thanks to grants announced yesterday by the federal
government.

U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Tom Vilsack was joined by Mayor Nutter and local
entrepreneurs to announce more than $5 million in grants for 82 projects across
the country through the department's Farm to School Program, which helps connect
schools with local farmers. Vilsack made the announcement at Common Market, a
nonprofit food hub in North Philadelphia, one of the grant recipients.

Common Market will use a $93,000 grant for its "Apple a Day" program, to brand
apples from local farmers, provide education to students about locally grown
food and provide access to fresh food at more charter schools.

"When the kids get these prepackaged apples in the classrooms as snack, they'll
be able to identify what farm those apples came from," said Haile Johnston,
co-founder of Common Market. "It's also going to produce other materials that
tell the story of those farmers so that the kids in the classroom have the
opportunity to connect more deeply with the people that grew the food."

Johnston and his wife, Tatiana Garcia-Granados, residents of Strawberry Mansion,
started the business in 2008 as a way to connect people in so-called food
deserts with fresh produce from local farmers.

The grants announced yesterday are expected to serve 39,000 students in
Pennsylvania and 2.8 million students nationwide, nearly 51 percent of whom live
in rural communities, federal officials said. Since 2012, the USDA has awarded
$15.1 million in grants to 221 Farm to School projects.

On Twitter: @ChroniclesofSol


LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: Ed Hille / Staff Photographer

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              311 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Burlington Post

                            February 10, 2012 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Burlington residents are all for community ... since 1873

BYLINE: Colleen Mulholland, Vital Community, cmulholland@burlingtonfoundation

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 471  words


It's hard to imagine how the 800 or so residents who petitioned to have
Burlington incorporated as a village felt about their home almost 140 years ago.

Those first Burlingtonians - working in grain and lumber trades or providing
services - rallied to have their community acknowledged. It was a thriving,
vital community that grew into a city in 1974 and today boasts more than 165,000
residents.

When I moved to Burlington in 1990 to establish a home for my family, I was
excited. We set down roots and I am thrilled to also now work in this city.

As Burlington Community Foundation's executive director, I'm grateful for the
opportunity to serve my community and connect with you in this new monthly
column.

Our community has much to be proud of.

Last year, MoneySense ranked Burlington No. 3 in the top 25 best places to live
in Canada. And, from 2008-11, Maclean's magazine named Halton Region the safest
place to live in the GTA.

In recent years, we've had the chance to enjoy waterfront improvements, a
beautiful new library and a performing arts centre as well.

Every day, these revitalized and new places bring together people from all
corners of our community. Our city is a great place to work, live and play.

To help strengthen it, passionate volunteers came together in 1999 to create the
Burlington Community Foundation. Their vision was to create a foundation that
would serve the people of Burlington.

We build endowments, give grants and connect leadership to address the needs of
our city. We've distributed more than $1.3 million in grants, steward over 55
endowed funds and manage more than $6 million in assets.

In this column, I'll be sharing stories of how - together with people,
corporations and agencies -we're building a vital community by supporting
meaningful local causes.

We're spreading news about generous donors and the impact their gifts are having
on local charities here and on <a href="http://www.burlingtonfoundation.org"
target="_blank">burlingtonfoundation.org ; our redeveloped website is now more
accessible and available in multiple languages.

We invite all Burlingtonians to visit us online and join the ranks of our 857
loyal Twitter followers-who are connecting and building a vital, virtual
community. You can follow us <a href="http://www.twitter.com/BurlingtonFDN"
target="_blank">@BurlingtonFDN or connect with us on Facebook.

The old African proverb  It takes a village to raise a child' feels very
appropriate-as it takes people to build a community. It's inspiring to know that
so many Burlingtonians are working all for the community.

- Colleen Mulholland can be reached at 905-639-0744 or <a
href="mailto:cmulholland@burlingtonfoundation.org">cmulholland@burlingtonfoundat
ion.org . She can be followed on twitter <a
href="http://www.twitter.com/ColleenBCF" target="_blank">@ColleenBCF .

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              312 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Port Lincoln Times

                           December 18, 2012 Tuesday

Big ideas at pony club

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 232 words


THE Port Lincoln Pony Club's goal to improve its facilities to attract more
rallies and host community programs is a step closer after a successful grant
application.

It will receive $5000 from the Lower Eyre Peninsula District Council to go
toward a kitchen facility upgrade, connect to mains power and extend the kitchen
shelter area.

The club's grants officer Bill Parker said the club wanted to host events other
than its monthly rally but it needed to upgrade its facilities to attract them.

The club operates from a power generator and it wants to connect to mains, as
well as line the shed to improve its canteen.

Mr Parker said with better facilities the club would have the capacity to host
events and there were hopes it would not be limited to pony club activity.

He said it would be able to provide a service to families and youth in the
community with come and try events.

"We want to try and expand the club beyond its own members by community
activities to support youth and young people in the community," Mr Parker said.

He said the club was also trying to make itself self-sufficient.

"I you don't have appropriate facilities to sell products you don't have the
capacity to make money," Mr Parker said.

The club has made an infrastructure development plan for the next three years
and safety railing has already been installed to separate pony activity from
spectators and carparking.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2012 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              313 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 17, 2014 Thursday

Washington: $450M in US Labor Department grants available to expand job-driven
training partnerships between community colleges and employers

LENGTH: 782  words

DATELINE: Washington


U.S. Department of Labor, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

The U.S. Department of Labor today announced the availability of the final $450
million in grants under the Trade Adjustment Assistance Community College and
Career Training initiative. Over the last three years, these unprecedented
investments have helped expand the capacity of the American community college
system to provide accessible training programs that connect people to available
jobs in growing industries in their communities. These grants are an important
part of the Obama administration's job-driven skills agenda and are being
implemented in partnership with the U.S. Department of Education.

"Through the first three rounds of grants more than 800 colleges across the
country are helping to build strong ladders of opportunity that allow people to
secure a foothold in the middle class, while also supporting businesses to
compete and grow," said U.S. Secretary of Labor Thomas E. Perez. "This final
round will help scale what works, strengthen career pathways and improve the way
employment and education data are used in assessing programs throughout the
country."

Previous grantees have leveraged strong partnerships between community colleges,
the workforce system, employers and industry groups to transform the way they
design and deliver courses through accelerated learning strategies; redesigned
curricula; distance learning; work-based training, such as Registered
Apprenticeships; and innovative uses of technology to enhance learning
activities. This solicitation continues to promote these strategies.

"Community colleges play a vital role in equipping our nation's students with
the skills they need to meet the demands of today's careers," said U.S.
Secretary of Education Arne Duncan. "This program is not about tinkering -- it's
about transformation. This is not about getting more students to enroll -- it's
about getting more students to graduation day and into good jobs."

The program is designed to ensure that an eligible institution in every state
plus the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico receive dedicated funding of at
least $2.25 million. Single institutions may apply for grants of up to $2.5
million and consortia of institutions within the same state or among
institutions that share an economic region may apply for grants up to $15
million.

This round of funding strengthens employer engagement throughout the grant
process. Successful applicants will design programs that are responsive to the
workforce needs of multiple employers within an industry sector by working
closely with regional and national employers and industry groups. These employer
and industry partners will help identify and map necessary skills and
competencies, as well as assist in designing curricula, programs, assessments or
credentials that will help quickly connect ready-to-work Americans with
ready-to-be-filled jobs.

The final round of grants will place a priority on three additional goals by
making additional funding available to those applicants who propose to:

develop partnerships with national industry groups or employers to scale
strategies across the country;
 engage employers, educators, Registered Apprenticeships and the workforce
system to support the development or expansion of state career pathways systems;
or
 improve the integration of state employment and education data.

In an effort to scale promising practices from previous grants and sustain
meaningful improvements to the community college system, additional preference
will be given to collaborations that include:

in-depth employer partnerships, such as work-based learning and commitments to
hire;
 partnership with the workforce system and the network of nearly 2,500 American
Job Centers to help support program implementation; or
 partnerships with Registered Apprenticeship sponsors in their local and
regional areas, particularly in occupations and industries with expected
workforce shortages.

Those interested in applying for the newly available funding should visit
http://www.grants.gov. The deadline to apply is July 7, 2014.

Eligible applicants include community colleges and other public, proprietary or
nonprofit educational institutions that offer programs that can be completed in
two years and are accredited by an agency or association recognized by the U.S.
Department of Education.

All curricula and training materials developed with the support of the grant
will be made available for free re-use under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0
(CC BY) License, ensuring that colleges around the country can replicate their
promising programs.

For more information please visit: http://www.dol.gov

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              314 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 1, 2013 Friday

Washington: Do Good Detroit: Last call for stories of community impact

LENGTH: 278  words

DATELINE: Washington


The Knight Foundation has issued the following news release:

The BMe community is issuing a call to action for all black men in Detroit who
are making a positive impact in their communities. Friday, March 1, 2013 is the
last day to share your story and showcase how you are helping your community.

Share, inspire and connect with like-minded brothers who are making a
difference. You can upload your story here or attend a free screening of
American Promise on Friday at 5 p.m. and share your story there. The event will
be hosted at Wayne State University in the General Purpose Classrooms and
Lecture Halls, room 5045.

The BMe community is working to build a community of black men who can connect
with each other and exchange ideas to advance the positive work they are doing
in their communities.

BMe is offering $200,000 in support to black men working together to better
Detroit. Priority for funding will be given to projects that include
partnerships or collaborations to deepen their impact on the community.

"We have been working to collect powerful stories of community engagement and we
are asking for brothers to come forward and share their stories," said Shaka
Senghor, 2012 BMe winner and community manager. "By sharing your story you then
qualify to apply for grants to help further your mission."

Senghor launched the Live in Peace Digital and Literary Arts Project, which
coaches young people on how to fully express their life stories across media.
The project will result in each young person creating his or her personal
"anthology" of stories. It was funded by a BMe grant of $25,000.

For more information please visit: http://www.knightfoundation.org

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              315 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           September 23, 2013 Monday

Sinclair wins $2.25M grant;
Money to go to services to help more first-time students graduate.;
EDUCATION

BYLINE: By Meagan Pant

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 242 words


Sinclair Community College was awarded a competitive $2.25 million grant to
implement new advising and curriculum that will help more first-time students
graduate.

With the Title III grant from the U.S. Department of Education, Sinclair will
"deliver student support services and curriculum in small communities tailored
to students' career interests." The funding is targeted toward first-time
students who are seeking certificates or degrees, the college said in announcing
the award on Friday.

Sinclair estimates it will have about 15,000 first-time, credential-seeking
students during the next five years.

"The process of getting students through college and into viable careers is part
of what Sinclair has always been about," President Steve Johnson said in a news
release. "We truly appreciate this investment and I'm very confident that we can
use these resources to make a positive difference to help students obtain the
knowledge and education they need to make the best choices possible for their
future."

The grant is the latest in a string of money Sinclair has won to help more
Dayton area resident graduate from college with the training that will connect
them to a job. Sinclair is leading the Ohio cadre for Bill and Melinda Gates'
Completion by Design project and recently was awarded $100,000 to help it adapt
the Boston College-based City Connects project to help adults.

Contact this reporter at 937-225-2342 or email Meagan.Pant@coxinc.com

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              316 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Morning Star (Wilmington, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              July 27, 2015 Monday

BRIEF: Grant to help connect farmers to local markets

BYLINE: Gareth McGrath, Star-News, Wilmington, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 160 words


July 27--WILMINGTON -- The Z. Smith Reynolds Foundation has awarded $120,000 to
Feast Down East to support the organization's work of connecting low-resourced
farmers to local markets to help keep local food dollars in Southeastern North
Carolina.

Feast Down East was founded in response to growing poverty rates and massive job
loss in the region's agricultural and manufacturing sectors. The organization
aims to assist local farmers in identifying new markets, cultivating innovative
partnerships, and providing educational opportunities. It also looks to increase
access for low-income communities to healthy, locally grown fresh food.

The two-year grant will help support those programs to enhance community
economic development and improve nutrition by working with growers and
consumers.

-- Gareth McGrath

___ (c)2015 the Star-News (Wilmington, N.C.) Visit the Star-News (Wilmington,
N.C.) at www.starnewsonline.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150727-WG-BRF-Grant-to-help-connect
-farmers-to-local-markets-0727-20150727

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WG


                          Copyright 2015 Morning Star


                              317 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                           Rodney Times (New Zealand)

                           January 14, 2016 Thursday

Cash up for grabs

SECTION: NEWS; NATIONAL; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 422 words


About Neighbourly Neighbourly is a free and private neighbourhood website for
New Zealand. Using Neighbourly, neighbours create websites for their communities
to exchange recommendations on local services, find employment, ask questions,
plan events, discuss local issues - and get to know one another. By creating
more real world connections between neighbours and their community
organisations, Neighbourly aims to build stronger, safer and friendlier places
to call home. Based in Newmarket, Neighbourly was founded by internet
entrepreneurs Casey Eden and Shane Bradley as a way to help them connect more
closely to their neighbourhoods. For a 90 second introduction to Neighbourly
visit neighbourly.co.nz video.

--------------------

Neighbourly.co.nz and AMI have joined forces to give community organisations a
head start this year.

AMI Community Grants is an initiative designed to support and strengthen
communities by distributing funding to local organisations.

The public is asked to contribute by deciding who should receive the $15,000
cash up for grabs.

More than 1500 organisations are successfully using Neighbourly to connect with
local charities, NGOs, churches, schools and sports groups.

Neighbourly members can vote once a day until February 19 for the community
organisation they'd like to see take home a share of the cash pool.

A grand prize of $2500 will be gifted to the organisation with the most votes
across the country.

Prizes of $1000 will go to the five runners-up.

A special AMI Crime & Safety Community Grant of $2500 is also available for an
organisation, charity or campaign working to make their community a safer place
to live.

Weekly prizes of $1000 will go to the organisations that get the most votes each
week, and there are weekly spot prizes of $100 for voters.

"We're already connecting neighbours in over 2000 Kiwi neighbourhoods, now we're
helping them show their support for their local organisations," Neighbourly
co-founder Casey Eden says.

"These are organisations that often do incredible work with very limited budgets
and resources.

"This is a small way to acknowledge this work and to help give them a head start
in 2016."

Go to neighbourly.co.nz/ communitygrants for more information. Organisations
wanting to join Neighbourly should visit neighbourly.co.nz/ organisations.

Fairfax Media, publisher of this newspaper, owns a 45 per cent stake of
neighbourly.co.nz.

--------------------

CAPTION:

Neighbourly co-founder Casey Eden invites members to help give local
organisations a funding boost.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fairfax New Zealand
                              All Rights Reserved


                              318 of 998 DOCUMENTS



             Gatton, Lockyer and Brisbane Valley Star (Queensland)

                                  May 15, 2013

Australia Post says hello to the neighbourhood

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 194  words


AUSTRALIA Post is celebrating the launch of its new community program - Our
Neighbourhood - with a grants program open to all Australian neighbourhoods.

Our Neighbourhood builds on Australia Post's commitment to community, which has
spanned the last two centuries and includes a national network of 4428 retail
outlets and more than 33,000 friendly staff who touch communities across the
country each and every day.

"For over 200 years, we have helped communities connect with each other and
governments across the country connect with customers and citizens," Australia
Post managing director and CEO Ahmed Fahour said.

"Fostering more inclusive communities will be at the heart of Our Neighbourhood.

"It is our way of ensuring we provide continued support for communities to stay
connected, both physically and digitally."

Our Neighbourhood Community Grants are now open for applications and will close
on Friday, June 28 at 5pm.

To apply for an Our Neighbourhood Community Grant or to find out more about
eligible organisations and selection criteria, say "hello" at www.our
neighbourhood.com.au or pick up an application kit at any Australia Post retail
outlet.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TGS


                    Copyright 2013 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              319 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   Niagara Gazette (Niagara Falls, New York)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              July 22, 2016 Friday

Schneiderman announces 'Zombie' home grant program

BYLINE: Niagara Gazette, Niagara Falls, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 551 words


July 22--New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman on Thursday announced
a new grant initiative aimed at reducing the volume of so-called "zombie homes"
-- properties that have not been properly maintained through prolonged
foreclosure proceedings.

The Zombie Remediation and Prevention Initiative would provide a total of $13
million in grants to local governments as part of a statewide competitive
application process. The funds could be used to address housing vacancy and
blight by bolstering municipalities' capacity for housing code enforcement, for
tracking and monitoring vacant properties and for legal enforcement capacity to
ensure banks and mortgage companies comply with local and state law.

The grants also require communities to develop innovative programs and policies
and connect at-risk homeowners to services so they can avoid foreclosure and
stay in their homes. The initiative coincides with the recent passage of the
Abandoned Property Neighborhood Relief Act, a piece of legislation that was
signed into law by Gov. Andrew Cuomo on June 23.

"Too many communities across this state have been hit hard by the proliferation
of zombie properties," Schneiderman said. "This new grant initiative puts tools
directly in the hands of towns and cities across the state to reverse course,
rebuild from the foreclosure crisis, and put zombie homes in the rear-view
mirror."

Funding for the initiative will be drawn from the $3.2 billion settlement
agreement with Morgan Stanley that Schneiderman, as co-chair of the
federal-state working group on residential-mortgage-based securities, negotiated
in February. That settlement generated $550 million in cash and consumer relief
for New Yorkers.

The Local Initiatives Support Corporation (LISC) is running the grant program.
LISC is a national community development intermediary that specializes in
affordable housing, economic development, and community revitalization. LISC
selected the grantees for this program based on the number of abandoned
properties within the municipality; the proportion of such properties compared
to the overall size of the municipality; and its level of general economic
distress. All invitees must have populations of at least 5,000 residents and at
least 100 vacant and abandoned properties.

Applications are due by Aug. 16 and award notifications will be made by early
September 2016.

LISC expects to award grants in amounts ranging from $75,000 to $350,000,
depending on the size of the municipality, the scope of its zombie problem, and
its track record and capacity for addressing such issues. Each municipality must
also include a prevention component in its application, to connect families to
services that help families avoid foreclosure, including programs supported by
the attorney general, describe in more detail below.

There are at least 16,000 zombie homes across the state, based on data released
by Realty Trac in 2015. Zombie homes invite crime, threaten public safety, and
drive down the value of surrounding homes. Studies have shown that each zombie
property reduces the value of all homes within 750 feet by one percent.

___ (c)2016 the Niagara Gazette (Niagara Falls, N.Y.) Visit the Niagara Gazette
(Niagara Falls, N.Y.) at www.niagara-gazette.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160722-NF-Schneiderman-announces-Zombie-home-grant
-program-0722-20160722

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NF


                         Copyright 2016 Niagara Gazette


                              320 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Chichester Observer

                             June 28, 2012 Thursday

Artists use technology to connect with their audiences

LENGTH: 320  words


ARTISTS with learning difficulties in West Sussex are using the internet to find
a larger audience for their work in what is thought to be a UK first.

Members of the county council's Starburst Arts, a performing and visual arts
initiative for adults with learning difficulties, are taking part in a project
called 20ME12 that allows them to upload their art and post their thoughts on
their art via the social networking site Facebook.

A county council spokesman said: "The project allows people with learning
difficulties and other marginalised artists to develop their art and connect
with the wider community using modern technology such as iPads and iMacs."

Members of the WRAP outreach group and the Pallant House community programme
have also been learning the necessary skills through workshops held at the
Chichester Boys' Club and Pallant House Gallery.

A further series of workshops are also going to be held at the Wrenford Centre
in the autumn.

The work, costing a total of £11,500, was paid for by Arts Council England,
through its Grants for the Arts stream, and by the county council through its
learning difficulties small grants fund.

A county council spokesman added: "The project builds on Starburst Arts'
previous work of building its profile in the community, this has been through
social media, such as Twitter, its already existing and popular Facebook page,
YouTube and Flickr, where members' videos and photos are hosted, as well as
through exhibitions of paintings in places like Chichester library."

Cllr Graham Tyler, deputy cabinet member for health and adults' services, added:
"We believe this may be the first time a scheme like this has taken place.

"This is an interesting scheme that will allow people with learning difficulties
or other marginalised artists the freedom to connect with the community by using
technology and I have enjoyed  seeing the art that members have been producing."

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JPCI


                       Copyright 2012 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              321 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 24, 2015 Tuesday

Mississippi: Gov. Bryant, USDA Announce $20.5 Million Workforce Training Grant

LENGTH: 479  words

DATELINE: Jackson


The office of governor, The State of Mississippi has issued the following news
release:

At a press conference this morning, Gov. Phil Bryant and United States
Department of Agriculture Food and Nutrition Service Southeast Regional
Administrator Robin Bailey Jr. announced Mississippi has received a $20.5
million grant from USDA to conduct a three-year pilot program to match SNAP
recipients with workforce training and job opportunities.

The Mississippi Department of Human Services will administer the pilot program
and will work in conjunction with Mississippi's community and junior colleges,
the Mississippi Department of Employment Security, the State Workforce
Investment Board and other partners to match about 3,300 able bodied adult SNAP
recipients ages 18-50 who do not have dependents with workforce training and job
opportunities.

Combined with Gov. Bryant's "Workforce #1" proposal (Senate Bill 2457), the USDA
grant will position Mississippi to invest more than $70 million into workforce
training over the next three years.

"As I said in my Inaugural Address, my first job is to make sure every
Mississippian who wants a job can find a job," Gov. Phil Bryant said. "This
workforce pilot program will allow us to coordinate with our outstanding network
of community and junior colleges and use our Mississippi Works job system to
connect even more Mississippians with work opportunities and help them on the
path to self-sufficiency."

Five community and junior colleges will participate in the pilot program and
provide training to participants:

East Mississippi Community College
    Itawamba Community College
    Jones County Junior College
    Mississippi Delta Community College
    Mississippi Gulf Coast Community College

The program will also provide support funding to pilot participants to help them
cover the cost of things like test and assessment fees, uniforms and other items
required for work, transportation and child care.

"The Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program helps eligible low-income
families put food on the table and supports critical employment skills and job
training so that people can become economically self-sufficient. The pilot
project award announced today will help USDA and Mississippi identify
cost-effective strategies to connect even more SNAP participants to gainful
employment," said Robin Bailey, Jr., USDA Food and Nutrition Service Southeast
Regional Administrator.

The grant funds for the program were authorized through the 2014 farm bill,
which was spearheaded by Sen. Thad Cochran.

Mississippi is one of 38 states to apply for the grant program and one of 10
states to receive an award. California, Delaware, Georgia, Illinois, Kansas,
Kentucky, Virginia, Vermont and Washington also received grants

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              322 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Lockport Union-Sun & Journal (New York)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              July 22, 2016 Friday

Schneiderman announces 'Zombie' home grant program

BYLINE: Lockport Union-Sun & Journal, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 553 words


July 22--New York State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman on Thursday announced
a new grant initiative aimed at reducing the volume of so-called "zombie homes"
-- properties that have not been properly maintained through prolonged
foreclosure proceedings.

The Zombie Remediation and Prevention Initiative would provide a total of $13
million in grants to local governments as part of a statewide competitive
application process. The funds could be used to address housing vacancy and
blight by bolstering municipalities' capacity for housing code enforcement, for
tracking and monitoring vacant properties and for legal enforcement capacity to
ensure banks and mortgage companies comply with local and state law.

The grants also require communities to develop innovative programs and policies
and connect at-risk homeowners to services so they can avoid foreclosure and
stay in their homes. The initiative coincides with the recent passage of the
Abandoned Property Neighborhood Relief Act, a piece of legislation that was
signed into law by Gov. Andrew Cuomo on June 23.

"Too many communities across this state have been hit hard by the proliferation
of zombie properties," Schneiderman said. "This new grant initiative puts tools
directly in the hands of towns and cities across the state to reverse course,
rebuild from the foreclosure crisis, and put zombie homes in the rear-view
mirror."

Funding for the initiative will be drawn from the $3.2 billion settlement
agreement with Morgan Stanley that Schneiderman, as co-chair of the
federal-state working group on residential-mortgage-based securities, negotiated
in February. That settlement generated $550 million in cash and consumer relief
for New Yorkers.

The Local Initiatives Support Corporation (LISC) is running the grant program.
LISC is a national community development intermediary that specializes in
affordable housing, economic development, and community revitalization. LISC
selected the grantees for this program based on the number of abandoned
properties within the municipality; the proportion of such properties compared
to the overall size of the municipality; and its level of general economic
distress. All invitees must have populations of at least 5,000 residents and at
least 100 vacant and abandoned properties.

Applications are due by 5 p.m. Aug. 16 and award notifications will be made by
early September.

LISC expects to award grants in amounts ranging from $75,000 to $350,000,
depending on the size of the municipality, the scope of its zombie problem, and
its track record and capacity for addressing such issues. Each municipality must
also include a prevention component in its application, to connect families to
services that help families avoid foreclosure, including programs supported by
the attorney general, describe in more detail below.

There are at least 16,000 zombie homes across the state, based on data released
by Realty Trac in 2015. Zombie homes invite crime, threaten public safety, and
drive down the value of surrounding homes. Studies have shown that each zombie
property reduces the value of all homes within 750 feet by one percent.

___ (c)2016 the Lockport Union-Sun & Journal (Lockport, N.Y.) Visit the Lockport
Union-Sun & Journal (Lockport, N.Y.) at lockportjournal.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160722-XL-Schneiderman-announces-Zombie-home-grant
-program-0722-20160722

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XL


                  Copyright 2016 Lockport Union-Sun & Journal


                              323 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Mecklenburg Times (Charlotte, NC)

                            March 12, 2014 Wednesday

Nonprofit seeks input on development strategy for Charlotte region

BYLINE: Graziella Steele

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 632  words


CONNECT our Future is seeking input from residents of 14 counties over the next
two months as it develops a framework to help shape the region's growth.

The nonprofit CONNECT Consortium is funded by $7.9 million, which includes $4.9
million from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development's Sustainable
Communities Regional Planning Grant program and matching funds from
organizations participating in the effort. The grant is being administered by
the Centralina Council of Governments, which is coordinating the program along
with the Catawba Regional Council of Governments. The consortium is composed of
government, business, nonprofit and educational organizations in the 14 counties
making up the CCOG and CRCOG in North and South Carolina.

For the past 18 months, CONNECT our Future has been gathering input from about
4,000 residents about their priorities in shaping the Queen City and surrounding
counties as they grow. The group projects that by 2050 the region will have
added 1.8 million residents and 860,000 new jobs.

At the 57 workshops it has held over the past year and a half, 10 development
priorities were identified by attendees including providing more transportation
choices, maintaining local farms and open spaces, developing more concentrated
city centers and controlling the costs of commuting and growth demands.

Based on the feedback it received, CONNECT our Future has come up with four
growth option plans and is now asking for community input on the plan that best
reflects what area residents want. For the next month, the nonprofit is hosting
sessions throughout local jurisdictions to allow the public to see the plans and
vote on them. People can also find the information and vote on the plans by
visiting CONNECTOurFuture.metroquest.com. The survey takes about five minutes to
complete.

The four options presented for evaluation include a plan that maintains a
suburban focus without much planning at all. Most new housing and jobs would
develop in large subdivisions or outside existing cities and encroach on open
space and farmlands. Transportation would be highly car-dependent and there
would be a heavy emphasis on infrastructure investments for water, sewerage,
roads and new schools.

The second development option shows how the region would develop if communities
followed their existing plans without any coordination. Some areas would see
suburban sprawl and limited transit options.

The third plan, called "grow cities, towns, centers and transit," supports most
of the priorities identified by residents with most growth concentrated in
existing communities where people can walk, bike, shop, access parks and use
mass transit. More rural areas would be served with express bus connections.
With its focus on cores of development, the plan envisions a greater
preservation of farmland and open spaces.

The fourth plan focuses on regional transportation. Most residents would live in
or near existing communities so people could walk, bike or use public
transportation to get to work or run errands. People could still live in rural
or suburban settings in most counties. The plan would require significant
investment in transportation infrastructure in some counties.

The nonprofit is encouraging residents to get involved in the selection process.
Visit the CONNECT our Future website to get information on the next in-person
session or to provide input by taking the survey.

Based on the results of the forums and online surveys, the group will announce
the preferred development plan this summer and will make recommendations to
local lawmakers on how the public views the future of the Charlotte region.





http://www.mecktimes.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2014 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              324 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Gold Coast Upper North Sun

                            March 25, 2015 Wednesday
                             GCSunUpperNth Edition

Social network's grant a boon for charities

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 191  words


A QUEENSLAND community group or charity will receive up to $10,000 to fund their
project in a statewide search for initiatives that build stronger and safer
suburbs.

Nabo.com.au - Australia's first major social network for local communities - has
launched a community grant program and will provide up to $10,000 to a project
or group that best demonstrates the way in which it connects to its community,
works for the inclusion of marginalised Australians or helps the community
prepare or respond to a disaster.

Examples of eligible concepts may include health education classes, flood
response projects or support programs for the elderly or -disabled.

"Nabo.com.au's key aim is to connect more people and organisations in their
communities," founder and chief executive Adam Rigby said.

"By launching a community grant program, we hope to -encourage more local groups
to thrive." Groups can enter at Nabo.com.au and create an online group, and can
then complete an application to ensure their eligibility.Five finalists will be
short-listed and members will be inv-ited to vote for their favourite project.
The recipient will be announced in May.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Gold Coast Sun


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              325 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            December 15, 2013 Sunday

NICC receives state grant for nearly $100,000 to aid work-based network

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald

SECTION: A; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 203 words


Northeast Iowa Community College received an Iowa Department of Education grant
to support the development and implementation of a statewide network that
prepares high school students for the work force.

Iowa's 15 community colleges received a portion of $1.45 million to develop 15
regional work-based intermediary networks.

NICC received $96,665 to implement the network in its northeast Iowa district
area. With the funding, NICC will connect businesses and the secondary school
system by offering relevant, work-based learning activities for students and
teachers. Activities include those related to science, technology, engineering
or mathematics (STEM) occupations.

"This support will help NICC to increase the number of high school students who
have an awareness of careers, develop career pathways and connect students with
businesses in a structured format to educate students on the STEM fields in
advanced manufacturing, bioscience and information technology," said Wendy
Mihm-Herold, Ph.D., vice president of business and community solutions, in a
press release.

In the next year, NICC plans to hire a Work-Based Learning Network program
director to coordinate network events and programming in northeast Iowa.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              326 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            July 24, 2014, Thursday

Frontier: $690K to broadband rival `is not appropriate';
OK'd project duplicates existing network

BYLINE: Eric Eyre, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1A

LENGTH: 877 words


Over strong objections from Frontier Communications, a West Virginia state board
plans to spend $690,000 to put fiber-optic cable in Randolph and Pocahontas
counties, even though the project would duplicate an existing network owned by
Frontier.

On Wednesday, the West Virginia Broadband Deployment Council voted 3-2 to award
the money to West Virginia Network, or WVNET, a state agency that provides
Internet service to schools, universities and other public facilities. WVNET
would own the three-segment fiber network that would connect Snowshoe to Cass,
Valley Head to Mill Creek, and Durbin to Green Bank.

Frontier already has high-speed fiber lines that connect those communities.

"To use taxpayer money to overbuild existing facilities is not appropriate,
particularly in a state that has budget issues, said Dana Waldo, who oversees
Frontier's West Virginia operations and sits on the Broadband Deployment
Council. "What the outcome would be is to build fiber where existing fiber is
already in place.

However, council member Jim Martin said Frontier's fiber isn't "open access -
available free of charge to competing Internet providers, such as Martin's
company, Citynet.

Last year, the state used $8 million in federal stimulus money to run fiber
between West Virginia University and the National Radio Astronomical Observatory
at Green Bank. Internet providers can tap into segments built with stimulus
funds in the region, but they must pay Frontier to use additional segments the
company owns.

"Frontier is the only provider in the region, and there is no open access to
that infrastructure, Martin said. "You can't really connect any of the dots [
communities] together . . . . We can hopefully connect those rings and enable
broadband expansion in the area.

Earlier this year, the Broadband Deployment Council awarded more than $717,000
in state funds to Citynet for a project that would expand high-speed Internet at
Snowshoe Mountain Resort. Frontier already provides broadband service at the
resort.

On Wednesday, council members circumvented past practices for awarding grants
and bypassed rules stipulated in state law. In past years, the council has
solicited grant applications, scored proposals, reviewed projects and voted on
awarding state funds.

At Wednesday's meeting, Martin made a motion to award all of the council's
remaining funds - $690,000 - to build the duplicate fiber network in Pocahontas
and Randolph counties. The specific project proposal wasn't on the council's
agenda. WVNET hadn't applied for the grant money.

The Broadband Council previously awarded grant funds only to "last-mile
broadband projects that made high-speed Internet available directly to homes and
businesses.

"This proposal is obviously outside the bounds of what we set up as a council,
in terms of grant funding, Waldo said. "This goes against, at least, the spirit
of what the council has been doing in the past.

Later, Waldo made a motion to return the $690,000 to the state General Revenue
Fund, but his proposal died because no one seconded his motion.

Only five members of the 15-member Broadband Deployment Council voted on the
Pocahontas/Randolph fiber project. Eight members were present for Wednesday's
meeting.

Council Chairman Dan O'Hanlon, who also serves as WVNET's executive director,
and Jan Fox, a Marshall University administrator, recused themselves from the
vote. Council member Charles Lorensen, who is Gov. Earl Ray Tomblin's chief of
staff, attended the meeting via telephone but did not vote. A Tomblin spokesman
said Lorensen didn't listen in during the entire meeting.

The council's lawyer, who also called in to the meeting, said Wednesday's vote
stood because the Broadband Deployment Council had a quorum, with eight members
attending in person or on the phone.

About 40 miles of fiber cable - at an estimated cost of $1.2 million - would be
required to connect the six communities in Pocahontas and Randolph counties. The
$690,000 would pay for about 23 miles of fiber. It's unclear where WVNET would
get the remaining $530,000 to complete the project.

The Broadband Council has no money left and is scheduled to disband Dec. 31.

Martin said the 40 miles of fiber would connect fiber segments built with
federal stimulus funds in the region. The entire fiber network in Pocahontas and
Randolph counties would be available for companies that compete against
Frontier. Martin predicts the project will improve Internet service and drive
down prices for consumers.

"It would be fantastic if we could connect all that together, Martin said.

Late Wednesday afternoon, a source familiar with the council's finances said the
group may have substantially less than $690,000 in its accounts to distribute.
The exact figure won't be available until Thursday.

Also Wednesday, Waldo criticized a statewide "Broadband Strategic Plan released
this week. He said the plan seems to advocate government control of broadband
service in West Virginia.

"The progress that's been made in the state is because of the private sector,
Waldo said. "I am concerned that this plan is trying to take . . . control away
from the private sector and place it in the hands of a bureaucracy.

Reach Eric Eyre at ericeyre@wvgazette.com or 304-348-4869, or follow @EricEyre
at Twitter.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Charleston Newspapers


                              327 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              Chichester Observer

                              June 29, 2012 Friday

Artists use technology to connect with their audiences in Chichester

LENGTH: 320  words


ARTISTS with learning difficulties in West Sussex are using the internet to find
a larger audience for their work in what is thought to be a UK first.

Members of the county council's Starburst Arts, a performing and visual arts
initiative for adults with learning difficulties, are taking part in a project
called 20ME12 that allows them to upload their art and post their thoughts on
their art via the social networking site Facebook.

A county council spokesman said: "The project allows people with learning
difficulties and other marginalised artists to develop their art and connect
with the wider community using modern technology such as iPads and iMacs."

Members of the WRAP outreach group and the Pallant House community programme
have also been learning the necessary skills through workshops held at the
Chichester Boys' Club and Pallant House Gallery.

A further series of workshops are also going to be held at the Wrenford Centre
in the autumn.

The work, costing a total of £11,500, was paid for by Arts Council England,
through its Grants for the Arts stream, and by the county council through its
learning difficulties small grants fund.

A county council spokesman added: "The project builds on Starburst Arts'
previous work of building its profile in the community, this has been through
social media, such as Twitter, its already existing and popular Facebook page,
YouTube and Flickr, where members' videos and photos are hosted, as well as
through exhibitions of paintings in places like Chichester library."

Cllr Graham Tyler, deputy cabinet member for health and adults' services, added:
"We believe this may be the first time a scheme like this has taken place.

"This is an interesting scheme that will allow people with learning difficulties
or other marginalised artists the freedom to connect with the community by using
technology and I have enjoyed  seeing the art that members have been producing."

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JPCI


                       Copyright 2012 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              328 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Gleaner (New Brunswick)

                             October 1, 2010 Friday

Students get $10,000 grant to document lives of seven community members; History
project

BYLINE: JENNIFER DUNVILLE dunville.jennifer@dailygleaner.com

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 475  words


Grade 9 students at Cambridge Narrows Community School will use the money to
capture the lives of people in the community

Grade 9 students at Cambridge Narrows Community School have thrown themselves
into a history project that will capture the lives of people in the community.

But the students aren't doing it without help.

The school has received a $10,000 innovative learning fund grant for the Legacy
in History project.

It's being used to purchase digital cameras, a video camera and tripod, and
professional editing software.

"It's a really exciting project for the school and the community," said Linda
Dempsey-Nicholson, Cambridge-Narrows community schools co-ordinator.

"Not only will it connect the students with the people they'll interview in the
community, but there are other partners getting involved as well, which is what
helps give our school such a rich learning environment."

Margie Goodin, the school's specialist in technology and vocation education,
said the project has been a community effort from the get-go.

"A number of people were key in getting the approval for the funding, but we
also have people in the community who have stepped up to help," Goodin said.

"For example, we have a professional photographer talking to the students about
how to take portraits, and professionals who have been able to talk to the
students about working with seniors, the respectable way to discuss a person's
life and how to conduct an interview."

Seven people in the community will be featured in the DVD created by the
students.

Goodin said the project will allow students to practise writing, critical
thinking, interviewing and a number of other skills to create a written and
recorded version of the historical stories.

"We plan to start by gathering our interviewees together on Oct. 13 to get them
connected with the students," she said.

"We'll have 14 Grade 9 students working on this project with the equipment and
resources we've purchased with the grant. I think at this point, everyone
involved is just really feeling excited to get started."

Marty Forsythe, District 17's education council chairman, said he's looking
forward to seeing the final product.

"This is the kind of thing we like to hear about from our schools," Forsythe
said.

"It shows our schools are doing good things. The fact that Cambridge Narrows was
chosen for this $10,000 grant is a testament to that.

"With Cambridge Narrows being a community school, it's important that these kind
of projects are able to go forward because not only does it benefit our students
to have such hands on work that they can be passionate about, but it's also
another way to connect the community to the schools, which is nice to see,
especially in a rural community."

Goodin said the project launch will be held at the school Oct. 4.

She said members of the community are invited to attend.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2010 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              329 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Ironton Tribune, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 12, 2010 Wednesday

EDITORIAL: Grant initiative to strengthen region's future

BYLINE: The Ironton Tribune, Ohio

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 276 words


May 12--Working together in school systems today is about building for tomorrow.

This is the thought process by a handful of schools in Lawrence and Scioto
counties who are partnering to seek $5 million in grant funding over the next
five years that will be used towards programs to better connect the schools, the
business community and higher education.

The overall goal is to have better trained students that can be part of the
future. As part of the Obama administration's stimulus funding, these dollars
can be used towards developing programs that will better connect all those
various partnerships to better strengthen the community and to increase learning
opportunities outside the classroom.

Another key component of this program is keeping students learning even after
they graduate from high school.

It is specifically designed to increase the number of students attending college
or post secondary education.

Many times this is the difference between success and failure.

We applaud the seven districts in Lawrence and Scioto counties for participating
and hope the other area schools get on board in the future.

This program should be funded and hopefully will continue to expand to offer
these opportunities to all of our children.

To see more of the Ironton Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.irontontribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Ironton Tribune, Ohio
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100512-1IR-EDITORIAL-Grant
-initiative-to-strengthen-region-s-future-0512

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1IR


                    Copyright 2010 The Ironton Tribune, Ohio


                              330 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Arizona Capitol Times

                            February 11, 2005 Friday

Health Coverage For Working, Retired Uninsured In Arizona

BYLINE: Don Harris

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 2027  words


A Tucson-based health-care delivery system is filling a gap by targeting the
working poor who make too much to qualify for the state's AHCCCS program but
can't afford to purchase private insurance.

So successful is the Pima Community Access Program, also known as PCAP, that it
has spawned similar not-for-profits in Maricopa, Yuma and Santa Cruz counties.

In 2003, Arizona ranked 10th among states on the percentage of residents without
health insurance and fourth in the number of low-income children without
coverage. Slightly more than 17 per cent of Arizonans lack health insurance,
according to a report by the Morrison Institute for Public Policy at Arizona
State University.

Reasons for not having health insurance include low wages, high premium costs
and immigration status. Of those who have insurance, more than half get their
coverage through their jobs.

PCAP provides access to professional health care at discounted prices, linking
low-income, uninsured residents of Pima County with an affordable, comprehensive
and coordinated network of health care providers.

A Safety Net

Legislators say PCAP provides a medical safety net for working Arizona families.
It offers affordable co-payments, no monthly premiums, and an annual membership
fee of $40. Additionally, pre-existing conditions are covered, there are no
insurance forms, and referrals to specialists and hospitals are quick and easy.

Sen. Toni Hellon, R-26, vice chair of the Senate Health Committee, says PCAP is
a great example for other Arizona counties to follow. "It's been going really
well and is able to provide health care for those who otherwise wouldn't be able
to afford it," Ms. Hellon says. "It was a seed of an idea that continues to
grow. People who need extra help and don't fit into other categories can get it.
Thank goodness for something like this. "

PCAP was one of the initial 23 community access programs created nationally by
the 2000 federal Access to Health Care for the Uninsured demonstration project.
Funding is provided through a three-year grant from the Health Resources and
Services Administration.

<b>Yuma County Program Offers Services In Mexico</b>

Like PCAP, the Yuma County Medical Collaborative Consortium was among the first
community access programs nationally, says Rep. Amanda Aguirre, D-24. The
consortium has evolved into a medical discount network offering members three
choices for care, including services in Mexico.

Jill Bullock, network/marketing representative for PCAP, says people confuse the
program, which has the word "access" in it, with the Arizona Health Care Cost
Containment System (AHCCCS), the state's Medicaid program for the poor. PCAP
gets no state funding and has received the last installment of its three-year
federal grant. The first year's grant was $740,000, the second year $555,000,
and the third year $388,500.

Pima County contributed $325,000 for 2003-2004 and $217,000 for 2004-2005. In
addition, Health Net of Arizona contributed $40,000 in 2003, which covered the
$40 annual fee for 1,000 new PCAP members. Health Net is a major managed care
insurer nationally, covering approximately 150,000 in Arizona.

Ms. Bullock says El Rio Community Health Center in Tucson wrote the grant for
PCAP. Toward the end of 2000, staff was hired and a network of providers was
developed, enabling PCAP to enroll its first members in September 2001.

"We have had a tremendous response from the medical community," Ms. Bullock
says. PCAP has more than 600 specialists, 200 primary care providers, seven
hospitals and seven clinics in its provider network.

A more difficult task is getting businesses that don't offer health insurance to
send their employees to PCAP. "You know the old saying - you can lead a horse to
water but you can't make him drink," she says. For whatever reason, she says,
it's tough to communicate the message to businesses.

PCAP Has 5,300 Members

Today PCAP has 5,300 members, but overall the program has helped more than
10,000 individuals, Ms. Bullock says. "It's a revolving door," she says. "People
drop out if their income goes up or they get a job that offers health insurance.
"

All enrollees must be residents of Pima County, have an income between 100 per
cent and 250 per cent of the federal poverty level and must not be eligible for
any state or employer-sponsored health care coverage. That means a family of
four can earn up to $3,928 a month or $47,125 a year to qualify. The maximum
earning for a couple is $2,603 a month, but if the woman is pregnant that's
considered a family of three and the allowable earning goes to $3,265.

A single person can earn up to $11.19 an hour to qualify. "These are not
necessarily the forgotten poor," Ms. Bullock says. "We have a large number of
members who retired early, don't have health insurance and are not on Medicare.
"

A typical PCAP member is Hispanic (79 per cent), female (64 per cent), with a
median age of 41, and is employed full or part time for an employer who does not
offer health insurance.

Members are responsible for paying for services they receive. Physicians
generally charge 100 per cent of what Medicare allows, but lab fees at a Sonora
Quest facility are 50 per cent of the current Medicare allowable. If a member
needs to see a specialist in the network, the fee is $25. Rates vary by primary
care provider, and community health centers use a sliding fee scale based on
income.

For example, if the fee would be $1,000, Medicare payable would be 50 per cent
or $500, and a PCAP member pays 30 per cent of that, or $150. If a member is
hospitalized, the maximum fee is $2,000.

"It's like an HMO," Ms. Bullock says. "The beauty of the program is that it
includes specialty labs and hospitalization. "

Members who don't pay as services are rendered or haven't worked out a payment
schedule are removed from the program. They are expected to pay for services
when they receive them," Ms. Bullock says.

PCAP accepts undocumented immigrants if they prove they live in Pima County by
producing a rent receipt or utility bill, show they have an income and are
paying taxes.

PCAP wrote the grant for Maricopa HealthCare Connect, consulted with Yuma on
their program, and serves as a third-party administrator for Santa Cruz County's
program due to start March 1.

Maricopa HealthCare Connect is a private-public partnership of government,
hospitals, physicians, and others in the health care industry. There are no
monthly premiums, enrollment fees are $50 a year for individuals and $100 a year
for families of two or more, there are no insurance forms and no medical
conditions are excluded.

Services include doctor visits, hospitalization, laboratory and radiology
services, specialists, and discounts for prescription drugs, dental, vision and
behavioral health services.

Terry McPeters, executive director of the Maricopa HealthCare Connect, says the
program is being well received and has more than 1,200 members. She says the
goal is to enroll 5,000 by the end of the third year.

Potentially 200,000 in Maricopa County fit into the category. "They aren't the
poorest of the poor," Ms. McPeters says. "They're the working poor, people who
make too much money to qualify for AHCCCS and can't afford to pay for
traditional insurance or their employer doesn't offer insurance. That's our
target audience. "

Start-up funding from the Health Resources and Services Administration awarded
in September 2003 totaled $1.3 million.

"The first year we were ramping up and building infrastructure," she says. "We
started enrolling in September 2004. "

The grant for the second year will be 70 per cent of that or roughly $910,000,
and the third grant will be 70 per cent of that or $637,000.

"It's like Johnny Appleseed," Ms. McPeters says. "Plant a seed and in three
years it is expected to be self sustaining. "

Ms. McPeters says members reap the benefits of the program, which has the
support of several state legislators and U.S. Sen. Jon Kyl, an Arizona
Republican. Maricopa HealthCare Connect works closely with AHCCCS and Healthcare
Group, an AHCCCS program that provides health coverage for employees of small
companies that otherwise couldn't afford steadily escalating insurance costs.

"We try to find a notch group," she says. "We screen people for eligibility for
state programs. If their income level is too high for us we refer the employer
to Healthcare Group. "

400 Doctors Have Signed On For Maricopa County Program

So far more than 400 physicians and 15 hospitals have signed on to Maricopa
Healthcare Connect, Ms. McPeters says. In addition, the program has a vision
care network and is getting started with behavioral health and a dental network.

"Our lofty goal is to get every physician involved," she says.

HealthCare Connect is a nonprofit organization that connects low-income,
uninsured residents of Maricopa County with complete, coordinated health care at
affordable rates. HealthCare Connect is a medical discount program.

Sen. Robert Cannell, D-24, a pediatrician, says the Yuma County Medical
Collaborative Consortium strives to assure that "kids don't fall through the
cracks. "

Mr. Cannell, former medical director of the Yuma Regional Medical Center, says
the center runs a school-based health care program with a clinic in four
schools. "It's for kids who don't have private insurance and aren't on AHCCCS,"
he says. It covers kids from pre-school through eighth grade. "

Additionally, the Sunset Community Health Center, with offices in Yuma,
Somerton, Wellton and San Luis, is the link to the federally funded community
access program.

"Basically we've got kids pretty well covered in Yuma County," Mr. Cannell says.
"If we don't have a program like this, kids are going to wind up in an emergency
room. It's a wash [financially] and it's more humane to keep them out of an
emergency room. "

Ms. Aguirre says the Yuma consortium has about 500 to 600 members with a target
of 2,000. One of the first community action programs launched in 2001, the
consortium offers three district plans.

Members can choose only doctors and hospitals in Yuma County who charge rates at
Medicare levels, they can go into Mexico to use a network of health providers
there or they can opt for a bi-national program that allows them to see doctors
on both sides of the international border, Ms. Aguirre says.

"Some feel more comfortable going to Mexico because all of the doctors speak
Spanish," she says.

The annual fee is $80 for Yuma County only, $40 for Mexico only and $120 for the
bi-national option, she says.

Ms. Alvarez recalls how a door-to-door survey was conducted throughout the
county to identify the uninsured population prior to establishing the
consortium. Researchers found 15,000 who had been uninsured at one time,
although some had subsequently acquired insurance.

She worked closely with the late Sen. Andy Nichols, a physician who died in
April 2001, conducting research into how a community access program would help
meet the medical needs of local residents.

"It provides coverage for families in need, in crisis," Ms. Aguirre says.

The initial grant of $980,000 and two smaller grants have expired. "The program
is running on its own," Ms. Aguirre says. "The grant has run out, but we're
writing another [grant] proposal. There are still a lot of challenges to meet. "

Pediatrics Group: Programs Fill A Gap

Peggy Stemmler, president of Arizona chapter of the American Academy of
Pediatrics, says taxpayers pay health care costs for the poor one way or
another.

"The bottom line is taxpayers will end up paying explicitly through AHCCCS or
Kids Care or implicitly through the cost of their own personal insurance
premiums," Ms. Stemmler says.

While AHCCCS, the state's Medicaid program, works well and has the support of
the provider community, the Pima and Maricopa county community access programs
"fill a gap. "

"It's like a discount card program," Ms. Stemmler says. "Management was staked
by a federal community access grant. Members can get care from private
physicians at a discounted fee for services. You still have to have money to get
into the program, but it makes health care more affordable for working folks who
are not Medicaid eligible. "-

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              331 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 16, 2016 Friday

Washington: RI Receives $115K to Support Arts Projects and Community Enrichment

LENGTH: 452  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Jack Reed has issued the following news
release:



 In an effort to support community arts programs and enhance the state's
creative and cultural assets, U.S. Senator Jack Reed today announced that AS220;
Alliance of Artists Communities; Downcity Design; Everett: Company Stage and
School; New Urban Arts; and Trinity Repertory Company will receive a total of
$115,000 in federal grants from the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) to
support various programs relating to arts education, production, and community
development.





 AS220 will receive $10,000 to support opportunities for artists to connect with
underserved populations; Alliance of Artists Communities will receive $35,000
for several professional development programs; DownCity Design will receive
$25,000 to support design education throughout Rhode Island; Everett: Company
Stage and School will receive $10,000 to support the production of a performance
about the justice system and mass incarceration; New Urban Arts will receive
$15,000 to support the Youth Mentorship in the Arts program and the Summer Arts
Internship program for teens; and Trinity Repertory Company will receive $20,000
to support a production of the Spanish Golden Age drama "Fuente Ovejuna" by Lope
de Vega.



 "These federal grants will provide new opportunities for cultural enrichment in
Rhode Island by strengthening arts education, bringing the arts to underserved
populations, and supporting new programs that will help our state further assert
itself as a national leader in the arts," said Senator Reed, a member of the
Senate Appropriations Subcommittee that oversees NEA funding.



 These federal grants form part of the NEA's first major round of grant funding
for fiscal year 2017, in which over $30 million is being provided to non-profits
and individuals nationwide through the NEA's Art Works; Art Works: Creativity
Connects; Challenge America; and Creative Writing Fellowships grant programs.
Grants are being awarded to 48 states, Washington, D.C., and the U.S. Virgin
Islands, and will cross all artistic disciplines while supporting partnerships
between the arts and non-arts sectors.



 NEA grant funding decisions are made through a competitive, merit-based,
transparent and rigorous grants process.  For more information, visit:
http://www.arts.gov.



 In May of this year, Senator Reed helped secure over $1 million for Rhode
Island in federal grants from the NEA to help support both new and established
art projects, including workshops, free performances, exhibitions, and arts
education programs.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              332 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 16, 2016 Friday

Washington: RI Receives $115K to Support Arts Projects and Community Enrichment

LENGTH: 452  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Jack Reed has issued the following news
release:



 In an effort to support community arts programs and enhance the state's
creative and cultural assets, U.S. Senator Jack Reed today announced that AS220;
Alliance of Artists Communities; Downcity Design; Everett: Company Stage and
School; New Urban Arts; and Trinity Repertory Company will receive a total of
$115,000 in federal grants from the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) to
support various programs relating to arts education, production, and community
development.





 AS220 will receive $10,000 to support opportunities for artists to connect with
underserved populations; Alliance of Artists Communities will receive $35,000
for several professional development programs; DownCity Design will receive
$25,000 to support design education throughout Rhode Island; Everett: Company
Stage and School will receive $10,000 to support the production of a performance
about the justice system and mass incarceration; New Urban Arts will receive
$15,000 to support the Youth Mentorship in the Arts program and the Summer Arts
Internship program for teens; and Trinity Repertory Company will receive $20,000
to support a production of the Spanish Golden Age drama "Fuente Ovejuna" by Lope
de Vega.



 "These federal grants will provide new opportunities for cultural enrichment in
Rhode Island by strengthening arts education, bringing the arts to underserved
populations, and supporting new programs that will help our state further assert
itself as a national leader in the arts," said Senator Reed, a member of the
Senate Appropriations Subcommittee that oversees NEA funding.



 These federal grants form part of the NEA's first major round of grant funding
for fiscal year 2017, in which over $30 million is being provided to non-profits
and individuals nationwide through the NEA's Art Works; Art Works: Creativity
Connects; Challenge America; and Creative Writing Fellowships grant programs.
Grants are being awarded to 48 states, Washington, D.C., and the U.S. Virgin
Islands, and will cross all artistic disciplines while supporting partnerships
between the arts and non-arts sectors.



 NEA grant funding decisions are made through a competitive, merit-based,
transparent and rigorous grants process.  For more information, visit:
http://www.arts.gov.



 In May of this year, Senator Reed helped secure over $1 million for Rhode
Island in federal grants from the NEA to help support both new and established
art projects, including workshops, free performances, exhibitions, and arts
education programs.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              333 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 4, 2015 Wednesday

Ohio: ODNR Approves more than $11 Million for Recreational Projects Across Ohio

LENGTH: 638 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Columbus: Ohio Department of Natural Resources has issued the following news
release:



  The Ohio Department of Natural Resources (ODNR) recently announced the grant
recipients for the Clean Ohio Trails Fund, NatureWorks and Recreational Trails
Program. ODNR has approved more than $11 million in funding to benefit local
Ohio communities statewide.





 &ldquo;These three grant programs allow ODNR to invest in Ohioans and improve
the quality of life by encouraging people to spend time outdoors here in the
Buckeye State,&rdquo; said ODNR Director James Zehringer. &ldquo;Whether that
involves adding more trails, building shelters and playgrounds or improving
restrooms, our focus is to keep moving forward with better facilities so Ohioans
will have even more reasons to spend time outdoors.&rdquo;



 Clean Ohio Trails Fund: ODNR has approved $6.1 million in Clean Ohio Trails
Fund grants in this 10th round of funding to be awarded through the program.
ODNR has awarded 19 Clean Ohio Trails Fund grants for community projects that
will build and maintain infrastructure allowing citizens to conveniently connect
with nature. The projects will complete regional trail systems and links to
statewide trails, link population centers with outdoor recreation areas and
facilities, preserve natural corridors and connect urban areas to support
commuter access.



 Administered by ODNR, the Clean Ohio Trails Fund is one of four components of
the Clean Ohio Fund, which restores, protects and connects Ohio's natural and
urban places. Ohioans approved the establishment of the $400 million bond
program in 2000. Grant recipients will provide a 25 percent local match for
their projects.



 NatureWorks: ODNR has approved 98 NatureWorks state grants totaling nearly $4
million to help develop and improve public access for outdoor recreation
facilities across Ohio. This 22nd round of the ODNR NatureWorks grant program
will provide funding in 71 Ohio counties for community-based projects to create
and renovate parks and outdoor recreation areas. The grants will support the
acquisition of approximately 73 acres of green space and the development or
improvement of 24 playgrounds, 16 park restrooms, 14 shelters/gazebos, 13
ballfields and play courts, 12 trails and five spray-splash pads and pool
components.



 NatureWorks provides up to 75 percent reimbursement assistance to local
government subdivisions (i.e., townships, villages, cities, counties, park
districts, joint recreation districts and conservancy districts) for the
acquisition, development and rehabilitation of recreational areas. The projects
are funded through the Ohio Parks and Natural Resources Bond Issue, which was
approved by Ohio voters in November 1993. Additional legislation authorized the
creation of the NatureWorks Grant Program.



 Recreational Trails Program: ODNR announced that 14 recreational trails in Ohio
have been selected to receive more than $1.56 million in federal funds through
the Recreational Trails Program (RTP). More than 200 local trail projects across
Ohio have received more than $26.5 million in federal funds through ODNR since
RTP began in 1993.



 ODNR administers federal RTP grants for the development and improvement of
non-motorized and motorized trails. RTP is a reimbursement grant program that
provides up to 80 percent of a project's funding. This funding goes to projects
that create and maintain trails and trail support facilities, improve access for
people with disabilities and provide education about trail safety and the
environment. Funding for RTP comes from the U.S. Federal Highway Administration
via a portion of the federal motor fuel excise tax collected from non-highway
recreational fuel use.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              334 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 21, 2013 Saturday

Washington: Washington state receives $6M grant to help teen parents and
families in Yakima, Franklin, Grant, and Adams counties

LENGTH: 567  words

DATELINE: Olympia


The State of Washington has issued the following news release:

Washington state has received a $6 million federal grant that will help connect
expectant and parenting teens, women, fathers, and their families with health,
education, and social services.

The grant money will primarily be spent on programs in the state's four-county
region of Yakima, Franklin, Grant and Adams. This region has some of the highest
teen pregnancy and birth rates. On-time graduation rates for the area are lower
than the state average.

This effort is known as the Expectant and Parenting Teens, Women, Fathers and
Their Families project. The goals include:

o Increasing educational achievement and high school completion rates;
o Reducing the number of teens having more than one baby during their teen
years;
o Ensuring healthy starts for children;
o Enhancing parenting and relationship skills; and
o Expanding health literacy.

The $6 million grant will provide funding for:

o Help Me Grow Washington: Provides developmental screening for children;
o Futures Without Violence Safety Card Intervention: Provides support for
domestic violence and sexual assault survivors;
o GRADS: Statewide high-school program that supports pregnant and parenting
teens, including child care; and
o Community programs and interventions that support good outcomes for teens and
children -- examples include home visiting or mentoring programs.

The grant partners are the Washington State Department of Health, Office of
Superintendent of Public Instruction, Attorney General's Office, and
WithinReach, a non-profit organization that connects families and individuals to
resources in Washington state. The Washington State Coalition Against Domestic
Violence and the Washington Coalition of Sexual Assault Programs will also be
involved.

"Protecting Washington families must be a top priority," said Washington State
Attorney General Bob Ferguson. "This grant helps connect families to the
services they need to thrive."

"Improving the health of our communities takes a group effort," said Washington
Secretary of Health John Wiesman. "I'm confident that this strong group of
partners, working together, will have a real impact on the health of teen
parents in these communities, and on their children's health as well. Getting
families off to a good start makes our state a healthier place today and will
pay off for generations to come."

"We know that pregnancy is a big reason why students drop out of school," said
Randy Dorn, Superintendent of Public Instruction. "But, those students need to
know that pregnancy doesn't mean that their education has to end. This grant
will give them access to education, which is the key for them to be successful
in their lives."

"WithinReach is proud to receive funding to support our early child development
work focusing on counties with high teen pregnancy rates," said Alison Carl
White, Executive Director of WithinReach. "We will be able to expand our Help Me
Grow program and deepen relationships developed through WashingTeenHelp.org."

The project runs from 2013-2017.

The project builds on work done through the 2010-2013 federal Support for
Pregnant and Parenting Teens and Women grant. The grant was designed to improve
services and public awareness for pregnant and parenting women who experience
domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking.

For further information please visit: http://access.wa.gov/

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              335 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Illawarra Mercury (Australia)

                             June 22, 2013 Saturday
                                 First Edition

Storm service recognised

BYLINE: JOSHUA BUTLER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 153 words


THE NRMA has recognised the region's State Emergency Service crews with two
awards this week.

The Kiama SES was named runner-up in the NRMA Community Connect awards on
Wednesday night for its work during February's intense storms.

SES community engagement co-ordinator Alex McFadden said the $1000 prize
recognised the Kiama crew's work in preparing residents.

"The award was for work with mature-age people in community engagement programs,
and using social media in giving information about preparing for, and what
people could do during, the Kiama tornadoes," she said.

The SES Illawarra South Coast Region Headquarters was also awarded an NRMA
Community Connect grant for community engagement initiatives.

The Illawarra SES will use the funds to develop flood and storm safety campaigns
for children.

"This grant will go a long way in supporting their community education efforts,"
SES region controller Greg Murphy said.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Two Photos: Community heroes: Emergency crews clean up after high winds
hit Kiama in February. Recovery work: Kiama SES workers board up a house in
Minnamurra St following the destructive storms.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Illawarra Newspapers Holdings Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              336 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 22, 2015 Wednesday

New Jersey: Christie Administration Unveils Innovative Partnership to Connect
New Jersey Workers with Employment Services at Their Local Libraries $2.5M Grant
from State Department of Labor Will Expan

LENGTH: 739  words

DATELINE: Trenton


Department of Labor and Workforce Development, The State of New Jersey has
issued the following news release:

Expanding opportunities for New Jersey job-seekers to connect with employment
and training resources, the Christie Administration announced an innovative
partnership with local public libraries across the state during the New Jersey
Library Association annual conference in Long Branch today. The $2.5 million
initiative will strengthen local communities and the Garden State economy by
helping more people to find jobs and manage their careers closer to home.

The New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development (LWD) will provide
grants up to $50,000 to 26 municipal and county libraries to serve as access
points for job-seekers to obtain workforce services that will help them on the
path to employment.

"This partnership with New Jersey's libraries is a great match and will build on
the services my department already provides," said Commissioner Harold J. Wirths
of the state Department of Labor and Workforce Development. "We continually
explore ways to improve our services and this initiative will meet the needs of
local communities by using resources that are already in place and have a direct
link to the people they serve."

The State Library is working closely with LWD to support this effort and will
receive a $200,000 grant to help implement the initiative with the local
libraries.

"The New Jersey State Library is pleased to partner in this effort with the
state Department of Labor and Workforce Development," said Mary Chute, State
Librarian. "While we recognize and support the ongoing efforts of New Jersey's
libraries to provide services to job-seekers including the unemployed and
under-employed, we enthusiastically applaud the Labor Department's recognition
of this role and investment in the capacity of local libraries. In turn,
libraries will extend into communities the reach of the Labor Department, our
experts in employment and reemployment."

LWD will train and support library staff so they are familiar with the programs
and services the department provides including its premier job search engine,
Jobs4Jersey.com. Library staff will also inform job-seekers on how to connect
with businesses through the Talent Networks and networking opportunities through
Jersey Job Clubs.

"The New Jersey Library Association looks forward to this new initiative by the
Department of Labor and Workforce Development," said Patricia Tumulty, Executive
Director of the New Jersey Library Association. "New Jersey libraries have been
providing vital assistance to residents seeking help finding new employment
opportunities for several years. We are pleased the Labor Department recognizes
this important role. This new partnership will provide selected libraries the
ability to improve employment opportunities for many of our residents."

In addition to the 26 competitive grants awarded to local libraries, the state
Department of Labor will award grants totaling $100,000 to 10 libraries to
provide literacy and basic skills training to job-seekers through a cooperative
partnership with its county community college.

Dr. Lawrence A. Nespoli, President of New Jersey Council of County Colleges,
said, "New Jersey's community colleges have a longstanding partnership with the
New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development and we look forward to
working with local libraries to build on the success we have in providing
job-seekers with basic skills and literacy training to help them achieve their
personal and professional goals."

The library partnership offers another avenue to assist job-seekers, the
underemployed and individuals looking for career changes with job search
activities, computer skills, employability skills as well as English as a Second
Language and literacy classes through the community college system. The
initiative is not designed to supplant the One-Stop Career Center system.

"We will see a tremendous return on our investment with the state's local
libraries," said Commissioner Wirths. "The partnership with local libraries will
nearly double the number of locations we have to serve job-seekers which gives
us the ability to positively impact a larger segment of the New Jersey
workforce."

The initiative is expected to be up and running this fall.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              337 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                              May 14, 2013 Tuesday

Community Foundation receives $500 grant

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 107 words


The Dyersville Area Community Foundation has received a $500 Iowa Council of
Foundations CONNECT grant.

The money will be used to raise awareness for the foundation's endowment, which
supports grants for local projects and programs.

Over the past year, the James Kennedy Library received funds to enhance its
community room; the New Vienna Historical Society received a grant to preserve
military history; St. Francis Xavier School received money for convertible
tables and the city of Dyersville received a grant to complete improvements at
the Heritage Trail rest area.

CONNECT grant funds will be used to market the mission of the foundation.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              338 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 13, 2015 Thursday

Maryland: Prince George's County Health Department Awarded Grant to Expand
Behavioral Health Services for Children and Families

LENGTH: 445  words

DATELINE: Annapolis


Prince George's County, The state of Maryland has issued the following news
release:

The Prince George's County Health Department has been awarded a $4 million grant
(over four years) to expand mental health services for children, youth, and
their families by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration
(SAMSHA), which is part of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services.
This System of Care (SOC) Expansion Implementation Grant will be used to expand
the Health Department's innovative and creative systems of care model that
involves collaboration on improving the mental health status of certain
populations of youth, across government agencies, community partners, families,
and youth (ages 0-21).

"We are thrilled to receive the funding," said Pamela B. Creekmur, Health
Officer.  "The Health Department applied for this highly competitive SAMSHA
Systems of Care Expansion Grant as part of its efforts to improve behavioral
health services, which include the continuum of services for residents with
mental health and substance abuse problems. This expansion will be focused on
infrastructure development through the application of proven strategies and
approaches in order to ensure program sustainability once the grant funding has
ceased."

The goal of the grant is to expand and improve access to community-based
services for children and youth with serious behavioral health challenges, and
their families. Services will include intensive care coordination, intensive
in-home services, mobile crisis response and stabilization, parent and youth
peer support services, respite care, and evidence-based treatments addressing
trauma. Youth and their families, along with public and private organizations
will work together to design behavioral health services and supports that are
effective, build on the strengths of individuals and their families, and address
each person's cultural and linguistic needs.  As part of the grant requirement,
the Prince George's County Health Department will partner with Anne Arundel
County and the Maryland Department of Health and Mental Hygiene (DHMH) in the
development of the expanded crisis response system.

The funding will be used to implement the Prince George's County Collaborating
across Organizations and Networks Necessary for Engaging Youth and Families and
Providing Community-based Treatment and Supports (PGC-CONNECTS). The goal of
PGC-CONNECTS is to help Prince George's County children, youth, and families
function better at home, in school, in the community, and throughout life.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              339 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times-Standard (California)

                              June 5, 2016 Sunday

Trail system to come mile-by-mile

BYLINE: Will Houston; whouston@times-standard.com @Will_S_Houston on Twitter

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 1136 words

ABSTRACT

Humboldt County holds trails summit in Eureka to discuss current and future
plans for a countywide trail system, as well as economic and physical obstacles.


FULL TEXT

County Deputy Public Works Department Director Hank Seemann said during the
first Humboldt County Trails Summit in Eureka on Saturday that current plans
show several major trail projects are going to have to be pieced together mile
by mile over several years and there is no guarantee that some segments will
come through as expected.

"We can't have it all at once," he said to the large crowd gathered inside
Eureka's Wharfinger Building.

Whether it be crossing a major river, repairing a degrading bridge, jumping
through the required bureaucratic hoops or finding enough funding, these
challenges will all be for naught if the public does not plan to support the
trails and use them, local trail advocate Rees Hughes said.

"There's lots to be excited about, but clearly one of the takeaways is to be
patient, stay engaged," he said. "... There's nothing that indicates our support
more than trail use."

The packed Wharfinger Building was an indicator of the community's support, with
many attendees expressing their own views as to what the trail systems should
include.

Humboldt Bay Bicycle Commuters Association Vice President Brett Grone

meyer said his organization is excited about the new Humboldt Bay Trail, but
wants to ensure that agencies approve a trail that will be wide enough to reduce
collisions between its users and will include the same amenities that highways
have, such as proper signage.

"These trails are going to be around for a long, long time, so if we build a
trail that's too narrow, it's going to be very difficult to go back and make it
wider," he said. "If you're going to build it, build a Cadillac trail right out
the gate."

Eureka resident Charlie Bean said that trails should also add some amenities for
the disabled community, such as signage that can be also be read by the blind
that also indicate the difficulty of navigation and accessibility. Bean also
called for local governments and planning agencies to reach out to the disabled
community.

"I know paraplegics that climb mountains," Bean said, who is also disabled. "...
When you're telling me I need to go to a paved trail, they're telling me I'm an
old person, and that will put off some of the younger disabled people out
there."

Of the many trail projects planned or underway, the proposed  Humboldt Bay Trail
to connect Eureka and Arcata and the 6-mile Eureka Waterfront Trail were major
focuses at the summit.

With illegal homeless encampments having been evicted from the PalCo Marsh and
behind Bayshore Mall and the concrete drying sheds sometimes referred to as "The
Devil's Playground" destroyed, the Waterfront Trail is set to be one of the
first major trail additions to be completed. The estimated completion date is
2018.

The first phase will cost about $1.2 million, covered by grant funds, and will
connect the existing Hikshari' Trail to West Del Norte Street. The second and
third phases set to being in April 2017 will run through Old Town Eureka up
through Halvorsen Park and near the Target store where it is proposed to connect
with the Humboldt Bay Trail.

The Eureka City Council is set to award the construction bid for this first
phase to the Mercer-Fraser Company on Tuesday.

While Eureka Parks and Recreation Director Miles Slattery said that the public
has had concerns that these trails will be a "highway for the houseless," he
said the success of the Hikshari' Trail has proven that trails can be an
economic driver as well as a recreational outlet.

"The people and the adjacent property owners for the Hikshari' Trail as well as
the businesses in that area will attest to what a difference it has made and
benefitted not only their businesses, but bettered their properties as well," he
said.

Other projects like the 13-mile Humboldt Bay Trail will take longer to complete,
though Arcata has already finished a 1.2 mile path that runs south to Samoa
Boulevard. The city is now awaiting the Coastal Commission's approval to begin
construction on the next phase that will run through the Arcata Marsh and
Wildlife Sanctuary down to Bracut.

The remaining 4 miles south to Eureka will be a significant challenge, Seemann
said, due to issues such as having to cross private property, crossing the
Eureka Slough, and navigating near the large eucalyptus trees along U.S. Highway
101.

"Success is not guaranteed," he said.

Seemann said that a team has been assembled to beginning planning this section
of the trail over a two-year duration, and then they will have to compete for
grant funding. The county's vision of the Bay Trail is to eventually connect
Samoa and Manila to Arcata and connect Eureka and all the way south to the Eel
River Valley.

The Bayfront Trail will be a paved 10-foot wide surface with two-foot wide
shoulders and barriers. Seemann said that the trail will encourage those people
who have been too concerned about biking on the highway to begin commuting by
bicycle

Plans to launch the Annie and Mary Trail that proposes to connect Blue Lake to
Arcata is also underway with the Blue Lake City Council set to apply for grants
to begin building the first phase through the city.

Seemann said the Trinidad City Council is also eyeing funds to plan for a trail
to connect Arcata up to Moonstone Beach. Both face obstacles in having to the
cross the Mad River.

The Arcata Ridge Trail, which connects the Sunny Brae Community Forest to West
End Road in Arcata, is also nearly completed, though the path through Fickle
Hill Road still has work remaining, according to Arcata City Manager Karen
Diemer.

While Fortuna is currently focusing on constructing sidewalks and bike paths as
part of a Safe Routes to School project, Fortuna City Engineer Merritt Perry
said they have been attempting to get grant funds for the construction of trails
north to Rohner Park as well as trails and bike paths that will allow
pedestrians to access both sides of Fortuna that are divided by U.S. Highway
101.

The absence of sustainable funding for trails has also called into question the
5-mile Hammond Trail between the Arcata Bottoms and Clam Beach County Park.

"There is a lot of uncertainty of where we're to be in terms of financial
capacity in the next few years," Seemann said, adding that partnerships between
local agencies will be essential to maintain local trails.

Closing the summit, Hughes said that he hopes another trails summit will be held
in a few years and that there will be more progress to show.

"Trails, like parks, like schools, are important community assets and I think to
have a healthy trail system reflects the health and vitality of the community
that we live in," he said.

Will Houston can be reached at 707-441-0504.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                              340 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                           November 19, 2009 Thursday

Grant to boost distance learning at WNMU's Deming campus

BYLINE: By Kevin Buey Headlight Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 344 words


Federal money to Western New Mexico University will also benefit the school's
Deming campus at Mimbres Valley Learning Center.

U.S. Sen. Jeff Bingaman, D-N.M., has announced several New Mexico communities
will benefit from federal grants totaling $1 million to improve either distance
learning opportunities or telemedicine.

WNMU will receive $267,331 to purchase video-conferencing equipment to expand
distance learning opportunities to 20 rural communities. This new capability
will extend high school and dual-credit courses, teacher training and workforce
development in the region. Luna County is included, with Grant, McKinley,
Sierra, Socorro, Hidalgo and Catron counties.

"It's going to come to us in the form of upgrades for ITV (interactive
television) equipment," said Dr. Andy Hernandez, director of WNMU-D. "The
funding put together had been designed to cover direct distance education
through teleconference."

It's not immediately known how much of the WNMU money will be allocated for the
Deming campus, Hernandez said, noting, "We had benefited previously (last year)
from upgrades. We'll be upgrading our ability to receive, from teachers."

That capability, Bingaman said, Bingaman said, is a doorway to expanding
education.

"Distance learning opens up all kinds of opportunities to students, teachers and
others living in rural communities around the state," Bingaman said. "It helps
bring new coursework to young people and allows workers to improve their
qualifications. This is a tremendous investment in New Mexico."

Other grant funds will connect high schools and middle schools in Otero, Chaves
and Lincoln counties to Portales' Eastern New Mexico University.

Bingaman also said Nizhoni Smiles, Inc., of Shiprock, will receive a $247,278
federal telemedicine grant to connect high schools and chapter houses in New
Mexico, Utah and Arizona to various health providers with a focus on dentistry.

The grants are from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Distance Learning and
Telemedicine Program.

Kevin Buey can be reached at kbuey@demingheadlight.com .

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2009 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              341 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Chronicle of Philanthropy

                                 July 13, 2014

Power to the People: Companies Hand Grant Decisions to Employees

BYLINE: Ben Gose

SECTION: CORPORATE GIVING; Facts & Figures

LENGTH: 978  words

ABSTRACT

Silicon Valley companies LinkedIn and VMware find a new recruiting tool in
letting employees distribute thousands to charities.

FULL TEXT

At most corporations, an $800,000 grant would be heavily vetted and reviewed by
any number of committees and executives.

But at VMware, a Silicon Valley software company, one or two of the company's
top engineers each year get to direct $800,000 to endow a scholarship, at the
university of their choosing. The CEO chooses the winning employees, who become
"VMware fellows"-the company's highest honor for technical achievement.

The program is just one example of how some Silicon Valley companies are
revamping corporate giving by including employees in the decision-making
process.

Maeve Miccio, vice president for corporate responsibility for the Silicon Valley
Community Foundation, says that handing the grant-making checkbook over to
employees is a way for companies to stand out as they try to attract the most
talented job applicants.

"They see employee engagement as a tool to attract and retain top talent, and a
lot of the companies here are taking that engagement to the next level," she
says.

Many Chances to Give

The foundation has a team of 15 people who help companies, including VMware and
Linked­In, carry out their giving programs.

On their first day of work, VMware employees get to make a $25 donation to the
charity of their choice. After a year, they get another $50 to give away, and
after 12 years of service, they're allowed to designate a $12,000 grant.

On Pi Day, March 14, the company hosts a service-learning fair where employees
can connect with participating charities. VMware caps off the day by donating
$31,415.92 to local nonprofits. Employee votes determine how the company "slices
the pi."

The company gave each of its 14,000 employees a $100 gift card during the
holiday season to use on GlobalGiving, a nonprofit website that connects donors
with grass-roots projects around the world.

And every year, employees get a 40-hour week of paid time off to volunteer.

"Our ethos is about flipping the model upside down," says Nicola J. Acutt, vice
president for global community affairs at VMware's foundation. "It's not the
typical approach with senior executives reviewing the grants that come in. We're
giving our people the platform and the permission to express what they care
about."

In the company's flagship grant-making program, Kernel & Cache, a VMware
employee teams with a nonprofit to write an application for money and
volunteerism and, if appropriate, a software donation. (VMware specializes in
virtualization, a critical part of cloud computing.)

In one project, in Australia, a team of 11 VMware employees helped Sydney
Metropolitan Wildlife Services upgrade its data-management systems to improve
local planning and animal research.

A new effort, called Group Gigs and Grants, will deploy teams of employees to
developing countries to tackle technology projects. In a pilot project in
Vietnam, seven engineers ran an afterschool information-technology program for
orphans, designed to give them concrete job skills.

Innovation Grants

LinkedIn also allows employees to steer much of its grant-making. Fourteen
employees, none of them senior executives, oversee the grants distributed
through a donor-advised fund that LinkedIn maintains at the Silicon Valley
Community Foundation.

Employees with favorite nonprofits can help them apply to the fund for
Innovation Grants, which provide $10,000 to each of 50 charities a year that are
trying something new. Shreya Oswal had been volunteering at the Boy & Girls
Clubs of the Peninsula for three years when she began working with the head of
the organization to try to obtain a grant from Linked­In.

The clubs won one of the $10,000 grants, which was used to support an
after-school program that mimics a design studio. In the program, students took
on challenges, like designing a shoe for walking on the moon, and got a taste of
what a job in design might be like.

"I thought it was the perfect opportunity for LinkedIn, since the company is all
about career development and career success," Ms. Oswal says.

Meg Garlinghouse, the head of LinkedIn for Good, which connects employees and
members with volunteerism and giving opportunities, says the innovation grants
are intended to motivate employees while benefiting nonprofits. "It's a way for
the employee to feel proud and impactful and hopefully inspire them to stay
involved," she says.

Gifts to Employees

LinkedIn also offers $3,000 awards directly to employees who are trying to
transform themselves, their families, their communities, or their world. Anand
Dave, a Chicago employee, used one of the awards, called a Transformation Grant,
to travel to parts of India where cameras are uncommon and give people a first
picture of themselves and their families.

"It's not straight-up philanthropy, but it's definitely creating good in the
world," Ms. Garlinghouse says. (Neither LinkedIn nor VMware agreed to disclose
the full financial details of their corporate giving.)

LinkedIn employees have also started some of the company's signature volunteer
programs. A Dublin employee started Calling for a Cause, which taps sales team
members to call former donors to a charity to request more support. The first
effort raised 20,000 euros for Plan Ireland, a community-development group. The
company has since held similar events for 20 charities, raising more than
$1-million, Ms. Garlinghouse says.

Another effort, Recruiters for Good, has used LinkedIn employees to help
"crowdsource" individuals to fill open executive positions at nonprofits. The
program has helped fill 17 positions, including that of manager of Chicago
operations for Playworks, which works to improve school-recess programs.

"Employees love participating in this," Ms. Garlinghouse says. "And the
nonprofits are over the moon."

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: On "Pi day," VMware brings employees and charities together and donates
$31,415.92 to local nonprofits.
Power to the People: Companies Hand Grant Decisions to Employees photo

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 The Chronicle of Philanthropy
                              All Rights Reserved


                              342 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Sentinel, Pomeroy, Ohio

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             April 15, 2016 Friday

Meigs commissioners ponder faith-based grants

BYLINE: Lorna Hart, The Daily Sentinel, Pomeroy, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 472 words


April 15--POMEROY -- During Thursday's Meigs County Commissioners meeting, Mike
Forman presented information from a meeting he attended recently with the
Healthy Buckeye Council in Marietta.

He brought information to the commissioners concerning grants from the Ohio
Governor's Office of Faith-Based and Community Initiatives.

Forman, a pastor at Rejoicing Life Church in Middleport, explained that
applications can be made for grants of $750,000 to be used in sustainable
faith-based projects. Proposals must be well thought out, with evidence to
support for its long-term viability.

Several ideas were presented to the commissioners that would connect the
faith-based community with people struggling to get out of poverty. He said that
programs that promote correct work ethics, build marketable skills and encourage
active participation in the community are needed, and that by building
relationships between the groups, those in need could connect with people "who
have learned lessons in life and can share with them how to build a more
positive life."

"So often we see people with problems leave a program without the support they
need, so they fall back into negative life styles because they aren't connecting
with people who could have a positive influence on their lives," Forman said.

He said he building relationships and establishing a business will teach skills
while providing employment and be positive force in the community. He suggested
programs in agriculture and housing.

The commissioners were positive in their response to the information and agreed
to further explore the grant opportunities.

In other business, the commissioners heard from the Board of Elections
concerning their move to new offices. Director Meghan Lee and Deputy Director
Angie Robson discussed a move in logistics and were assured they would not be
put in a position during the move that would interfere with any BOE deadlines.

Commission president Tim Ihle said everything was in motion to get the building
ready for occupancy, and that more would be known by next week on the exact time
frame.

"I think you can start packing non-essentials now," Ihle said.

Motions to pay bills was approved for a total of $388,517.55 and appropriation
adjustments were made for equipment, contact services, dog warden, tourism and
EMS Med-Flight; no additional expenditures were made in these accounts.

The commissioners will attend the Community Action meeting on at 11:30a.m. April
20 at the Wildhorse Cafe in Pomeroy, and the Small County meeting April 27.

The Meigs County Commissioners meet every Thursday at 11 a.m. at the courthouse,
unless otherwise noted.

Contact Lorna Hart at 740-992-2155 Ext. 2551.

___ (c)2016 The Daily Sentinel (Pomeroy, Ohio) Visit The Daily Sentinel
(Pomeroy, Ohio) at www.mydailysentinel.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160415-UO-Meigs-commissioners-ponder-faith-based-grants-0415-20160415

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UO


                Copyright 2016 The Daily Sentinel, Pomeroy, Ohio


                              343 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Niles Daily Star, Mich.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday

Niles Trailhead, trail extension recommended for state funding

BYLINE: Kelsey Hammon, Niles Daily Star, Mich.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 593 words


Dec. 15--Thanks to a grant recommendation announced by the Michigan Natural
Resources Trust Fund board Friday, the Indiana Michigan River Valley Trail could
be the first bi-state trail to connect Michigan and Indiana communities.

Trail goers could also soon enjoy a brand new Niles trailhead located along the
St. Joseph River in downtown Niles.

The proposed 1.2 miles of trail would close a trail gap between the Indiana
State Line and the Brandywine Nature Park, just north of U.S. 12 and the City of
Niles trail at Fort and Third Streets. This would create 34 total miles of
natural beauty connecting Niles to South Bend and Mishawaka. The grant was
proposed by Niles Township and written by Southwest Michigan Planning Commission
Senior Planner Marcy Hamilton. The grant tied for second in recommendations.

The township formerly applied for the grant to complete the trail in 2015 for
2016, said Niles Township Treasurer James Ringler.

"This is real good news," Ringler said in response to Friday's announcement. "It
will allow us to finish out the trail connecting to the city."

Hamilton also wrote the grant for the Niles City Trailhead -- a partnership with
the Lakeland Foundation. The grant proposal scored the highest in the state for
development projects.

Hamilton said she has never seen a grant recommended that was not approved for
funding and said it was likely the projects will be funded.

If approved by the state legislature, Niles Charter Township could receive
$300,000 from state funding, $501,300 from the Michigan Department of
Transportation and a local match of $132,900.

The City of Niles could receive state funding for the trailhead in the amount of
$220,000, as well as a contribution from the Lakeland Foundation in the amount
of $250,000.

The board recommended a total of $47.6 million worth of land acquisition and
recreational development projects for 2017, according to a news release.

The city of Niles Trailhead project could include such amenities as a fishing
platform over the St. Joseph River, space for a food vendor, improved parking
and bike racks as well as signage. The trailhead would be located downtown near
the St. Joseph River.

The Niles Township grant for 1.2 miles will connect users to communities as well
as four downtowns, 16 parks, two YMCAs and five hospitals, as well as businesses
and shopping areas. The 10-foot wide paved trail will also be handicapped
accessible.

Indiana will need to complete roughly two miles of trail.

Hamilton said the project's intentions to connect communities, the scale of the
trail, as well as its universal design were among the qualities that helped the
grants to earn the top rankings from the Michigan Natural Resources Trust Fund
board.

Ringler said completing the Indiana Michigan River Valley Trail would offer even
more advantages to what is already a very popular trail.

"It offers a tremendous amount of recreational use," Ringler said. "There are a
lot of people that use that trail right now -- walkers, bikers [and] runners."

The Michigan Natural Resources Trust Fund board also recommended a $214,400
grant for the development of a 5,000-foot pathway connecting Elizabeth Park,
Veterans Park and Village Park West and trailhead areas located in Veterans
Park.

Watervliet was also recommended for a grant in the amount of $296,000 for phase
1 of Watervliet County Park, located on the Paw Paw River in Watervliet.

___ (c)2016 the Niles Daily Star, Mich. Visit the Niles Daily Star, Mich. at
http://leaderpub.com/category/news/niles/ Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20161215-1ND-Niles-Trailhead-trail-extension-recommended-for-state-funding-1215-
20161215

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1ND


                                 Copyright 2016


                              344 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                      The Range News (Maleny, Queensland)

                               November 15, 2012

Green thumbs to get a big workout

BYLINE:  Lauren Grounsell

SECTION: Pg. 9

LENGTH: 324  words

TREE PLANT

WHAT: Maleny Hills Green Hills Fund annual big tree plant

WHEN: Saturday, November 25, from 8-11am

WHERE: At the end of Porter Lne, Maleny

MALENY District Green Hills Fund community group has received $345,000 in grants
to protect and preserve The Range environment.

Last year Green Hills received two grants from the Federal Government valued at
$195,000 to put towards projects on the Maleny Community Precinct.

Green Hills president Steven Lang said the additional funds came from Lake
Baroon Catchment Care, SEQ Water, Barung Landcare and Sunshine Coast Council.

"A significant factor in winning these grants was our record of collaboration
with these other groups," Mr Lang said.

The first of three stages to spend the grants will start on November 24.

"The plan is to revegetate about 1.5km of the north bank of the Obi Obi Creek
between the town and the precinct," Mr Lang said.

"This is an important missing link for fauna and flora on the Range and when
established it will significantly boost biodiversity in the region.

"What all the conservation groups in this region are concerned about is habitat
loss, and this strip connects some very significant pieces of forest together to
create that missing link between some significant planted areas."

Over the three-year period Green Hills hopes to plant 15,000 rainforest trees in
the area.

The newly-planted area is set to connect with Unity Water's investment in the
Maleny Community Precinct.

"In combination with the construction of the pathway to Gardeners Falls, it will
also promote tourism and employment in the region," Mr Lang said.

"Green Hills members, many highly-qualified in their fields, have already
contributed thousands of hours to this project and will continue to do so."

The Green Hills Big Public Tree Plant will be held on Saturday, November 25,
from 8-11am and everyone is welcome to join in the action.

For more information or to register, visit greenhills.org.au.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SRN


                    Copyright 2012 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              345 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             Southern Highland News

                               February 21, 2016

BYLINE: Dominica Sanda

SECTION: COMMUNITY

LENGTH: 213  words


THE Southern Highlands PCYC will be able to drive its reach further as a result
of a federal government grant.

The PCYC received a $16,338 grant from the Federal Member for Throsby Stephen
Jones last week, which will go towards the purchase of an eight-seater Hyundai.

Club manager Sarah O'Riordan said the car would be used to help police officers
in their youth outreach program, gymnastics training in different towns and
hosting breakfast at schools across the area.

It will also be used to better connect the PCYC with its Wollondilly members.

"It will be great to use to help get kids from northern villages and connect
communities in the Highlands and Wollondilly," Ms O'Riordan said.

"We're really appreciative."

Mr Jones acknowledged the transport issues between the Wingecarribee and
Wollondilly communities and said this helped "plug a hole in infrastructure
gaps".

"The transport isn't fantastic in the northern part of the shire and children
don't have access to private cars," he said.

"I'm happy to support this project and ferrying young kids to and from training.

"I'm keen to ensure money we have available goes to the right causes such as
this PCYC."

The Southern Highlands PCYC is located at 6 Hawkins Drive, Mittagong.

Details: search Southern Highlands PCYC on Facebook.

LOAD-DATE: March 08, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              346 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 24, 2015 Tuesday

Mississippi: Gov. Bryant, USDA Announce $20.5 Million Workforce Training Grant

LENGTH: 479  words

DATELINE: Jackson


The office of governor, The State of Mississippi has issued the following news
release:

At a press conference this morning, Gov. Phil Bryant and United States
Department of Agriculture Food and Nutrition Service Southeast Regional
Administrator Robin Bailey Jr. announced Mississippi has received a $20.5
million grant from USDA to conduct a three-year pilot program to match SNAP
recipients with workforce training and job opportunities.

The Mississippi Department of Human Services will administer the pilot program
and will work in conjunction with Mississippi's community and junior colleges,
the Mississippi Department of Employment Security, the State Workforce
Investment Board and other partners to match about 3,300 able bodied adult SNAP
recipients ages 18-50 who do not have dependents with workforce training and job
opportunities.

Combined with Gov. Bryant's "Workforce #1" proposal (Senate Bill 2457), the USDA
grant will position Mississippi to invest more than $70 million into workforce
training over the next three years.

"As I said in my Inaugural Address, my first job is to make sure every
Mississippian who wants a job can find a job," Gov. Phil Bryant said. "This
workforce pilot program will allow us to coordinate with our outstanding network
of community and junior colleges and use our Mississippi Works job system to
connect even more Mississippians with work opportunities and help them on the
path to self-sufficiency."

Five community and junior colleges will participate in the pilot program and
provide training to participants:

East Mississippi Community College
    Itawamba Community College
    Jones County Junior College
    Mississippi Delta Community College
    Mississippi Gulf Coast Community College

The program will also provide support funding to pilot participants to help them
cover the cost of things like test and assessment fees, uniforms and other items
required for work, transportation and child care.

"The Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program helps eligible low-income
families put food on the table and supports critical employment skills and job
training so that people can become economically self-sufficient. The pilot
project award announced today will help USDA and Mississippi identify
cost-effective strategies to connect even more SNAP participants to gainful
employment," said Robin Bailey, Jr., USDA Food and Nutrition Service Southeast
Regional Administrator.

The grant funds for the program were authorized through the 2014 farm bill,
which was spearheaded by Sen. Thad Cochran.

Mississippi is one of 38 states to apply for the grant program and one of 10
states to receive an award. California, Delaware, Georgia, Illinois, Kansas,
Kentucky, Virginia, Vermont and Washington also received grants

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              347 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                Bowen Independent (North Queensland, Australia)

                          February 15, 2017 Wednesday
                                 Bowen Edition

Support for local programs

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 358 words


Collinsville Connect Telecentre, St John Bosco School and Collinsville Youth
Coalition are the big winners from the latest round of QCoal's Community Spirit
grants.

Collinsville Connect Telecentre (CCT) has received funding to help the centre
continue to provide comprehensive information communication technology (ICT)
services and support to the Collinsville and Scottville communities and
continues to play a key role in community initiatives such as the Pit Pony
Experience and the Regional Experience (REX) program.

Meanwhile, a new initiative - "Collinsville Coding Kids" for students at St John
Bosco Catholic School sees them participate in coding classes delivered by the
CCT.

Broadening the scope of the classes already offered, this program will involve
Years 4, 5 and 6 students from the school.

The Collinsville Youth Coalition will be funded to implement a program that
addresses disengagement through increased knowledge of life skills.

The overall objective of the program is to support youth aged between 14 and 18
in building important and practical skills to help them to continue with
education or training, employment and involvement with the community.

QCoal Foundation chair Christopher Wallin said these local programs would make a
significant contribution to the livability of Collinsville and surrounds.

"Through our DIG meetings, the local community have provided feedback on key
challenges faced by local residents throughout the region," Mr Wallin said.

"The Foundation is pleased to be able to support local programs and we look
forward to tracking the outcomes over the coming months.

"Community Spirit grants are only one aspect of the QCoal Foundation's approach
and just this week the QCoal Community Dental Service is operating in Springsure
and we are reviewing applications for the QCoal Foundation Scholarship."

SNAPSHOTThe QCoal Foundation (http://qcoalfoundation.org/) aims to enrich rural
and remote Queensland communities through a social venture approach, based on
recognising community need; identifying creative solutions; trialling those
solutions to prove their effectiveness and achieving sustainable outcomes.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Bowen Independent


                   Copyright 2017 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              348 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            August 9, 2012 Thursday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

[NO HEADLINE]

BYLINE: NLVL

SECTION: BRONX BORO NEWS; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 270 words


BOROWIDE

Burpee Foundation awarded $10,000 to GrowNYC for Grow to Learn NYC: Citywide
School Garden Initiative to help build and sustain learning gardens in city
schools.

With an ambitious goal to foster a garden for every public and charter school in
the city, Grow to Learn connects educators and families with mini-grants,
technical help and materials needed for schools to engage students in learning
about nutrition, science and math, and environmental issues.

Parents and educators eager to get students gardening should register their
gardens at www.growtolearn.org.

Registered schools get access to mini-grant applications (next round due on Nov.
1), educational materials and expert gardening support from GreenThumb, as well
as the opportunity to participate in the Garden to Café program which connects
school gardening to school lunches.

Burpee Foundation is part of the famous Burpee seed company.

MORRIS HEIGHTS

Union Community Health Center will celebrate National Health Center Week with
its annual Back-to-School Health Fair on Friday, from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m.

The health fair will feature a DJ, a facepainter, a bouncy castle, a yoga class
and free backpacks for children. Union Community Health Center also will offer
free blood pressure, dental, vision and HIV screenings.

A number of organizations also will provide complimentary information regarding
programs and services available to the community.

The fair will take place on Creston Ave. between E. Burnside Ave. and Bush St.,
behind the health center's location at 2021 Grand Concourse.

AROUND THE BRONX

Patrice O'Shaughnessy's column will return next week.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NLVL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Daily News, L.P.


                              349 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Henderson (N.C.) Daily Dispatch

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 12, 2016 Friday

VGCC trustees support Connect NC

BYLINE: Henderson (N.C.) Daily Dispatch

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 430 words


Feb. 12--The Vance-Granville Community College board of trustees is officially
supporting the Connect NC bond that will be on the March 15 ballot.

During their rescheduled meeting Monday, the trustees unanimously adopted a
resolution of support for the $2 billion bond package. The board also voted to
contribute $7,000 of non-state funds to supper the Connect NC Bond Committee.

"This will very much benefit our region," President Stelfanie Williams said.
"Not only will the community college receive funding but also the state parks."

Two projects funded by that bond -- $7.6 million for construction, repairs and
renovations for Vance-Granville Community College and $3.75 million for Kerr
Lake improvements -- will benefit the Tri-County area.

The Vance County Board of Commissioners adopted a similar resolution during
their monthly meeting last week.

"This is the first statewide bond we've had since the year 2000," Williams said.
"The state of North Carolina has actually grown by 2 million people since then.
We have a lot of new people in our state."

If approved, VGCC will have the eighth largest allocation among community
colleges, Williams said, and can use its allocation for new construction,
renovations and repairs across all four campuses.

"The nice thing about this bond for Vance-Granville is that the formula for
determining allocations incorporated county wealth and the age of buildings, so
we fared well with $7.6 million," she said.

Steve Graham, vice president of finance and operations, said the college can use
bond funds, if approved, to address critical repair and renovation needs,
including the replacement of an old fire alarm system and upgrading the
electrical and ventilation systems in the cosmetology department.

Williams said the bond will be labeled "Connect NC Public Improvement Bond" on
the ballot.

In other action, the board approved:

--Closing the industrial systems program effective this fall as more students
choose to enroll in the mechatronics program instead of industrial systems;

--Mid-year budget amendments to account for more than $2 million in carryover
funds from the previous year and grant funding;

--Resolutions to adopt two additional supplemental retirement plans established
by the state for VGCC employees at no cost to the college; and

--Offering courses at Polk Correctional Institution and Warren Correctional
Institution.

The trustees will meet at 7 p.m. Monday, March 21, in the board room in Building
1 on the main campus in Henderson.

___ (c)2016 Visit at www.hendersondispatch.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160212-HDD-VGCC-trustees-support-Connect-NC-0212-20160212

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HDD


                 Copyright 2016 Henderson (N.C.) Daily Dispatch


                              350 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                            November 9, 2010 Tuesday

Global Technology Solutions Announces New Contract Awards Totaling $7.5 Million

LENGTH: 591  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Nov. 09 -- Global Technology Solutions (GTS), a Hollywood,
Florida-based leading edge technology solution provider for security, wireless
and communications applications, today announced it has been awarded new
contracts totaling $7.5 million. Additionally, the company is tracking more than
$20 million for calendar year 2010, with $100 million of new business in the
pipeline.

A few highlights include:

GTS on winning team for the "Connect Southwest Texas" grant submission for round
two of BTOP Rural Broadband Grant. The total project size is over $18M.

Connect Southwest Texas will provide the following:

* Connect up to 200 community anchor institutions, including as many as 33 K-12
schools, 43 public safety entities, 21 libraries, 38 government facilities,
three Hispanic-serving community colleges, two additional universities, and 44
healthcare providers.

* Enable access speeds between 10 Mbps and 1 Gbps, and backbone speeds as high
as 10 Gbps, across southwestern Texas. The counties to benefit from the project
include Andrews, Brewster, Crane, Culberson, Ector, Glasscock, Howard, Jeff
Davis, Loving, Martin, Midland, Pecos, Presidio, Reagan, Reeves, Terrell, Upton,
Ward, and Winkler Counties. The network would also provide dual direct, 1 Gbps
links to McDonald Observatory in the Davis Mountains, which is currently limited
to an inadequate 3 Mbps network due to its mountainous terrain.

* Facilitate more affordable and accessible broadband service for up to 40,000
households and 8,000 businesses by enabling local Internet service providers to
utilize the project's open network, while constructing 218 miles of new fiber
and four new microwave towers and incorporating an existing local microwave
network.

GTS will provide overall program management and technical expertise for the
three-year project.

Two Liberty Place, Philadelphia's tallest mixed-use building with both premier
luxury condominiums and retail space which includes 60 shops, restaurants, a
luxury hotel and over 1 million square feet of office space, has contracted GTS
to deploy a distributed antenna system (DAS). A DAS will efficiently distribute
wireless connections inside this 58-floor skyscraper, where steel columns and
layers of concrete would otherwise cause wireless interruptions and create dead
zones.

"We are pleased that our clients continue to choose us which shows a clear
understanding that GTS has the experience and knowledge to be the primary choice
for their security, wireless and communications solutions," said Richard
Schubiger, CEO of GTS. "We remain committed to offering a variety of innovative
products, services and integrated technology that enable our clients to succeed
in their respective businesses, as they strive to increase their capacity,
mobility, efficiency and safety."

The new contracts also include both domestic and international projects to be
completed for Credit Suisse, Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, State College
of Florida, Panama City, City of Charlotte, Hudson County Corrections, Motorola,
Rowan University, Bogota Colombia Airport, UMASS, Pepsi Bottling, IKEA, AT&T,
IMG, Clear, Metro PCS, City of Miami, St John's County, FL, St Lucia County, FL,
Pennsauken Township, NJ, Town of Long Branch, NJ and a significant number of
local government and public safety agencies from Florida to Maine. Published by
HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              351 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      East Valley Tribune (Mesa, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 5, 2012 Thursday

Program connects Mesa students with post-high school options

BYLINE: Michelle Reese, East Valley Tribune, Mesa, Ariz.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 550 words


Jan. 05--Mesa is hoping a program to encourage younger students to think about
career paths will lead to more success for them after high school.

In 2010, Mesa Unified School District, Mesa Community College and the city were
awarded a $3 million grant from the Gates Foundation. From that launched Mesa
Counts on College, an ambitious program to double the number of college degree
completions in Mesa in 10 years.

A public event for eighth- and ninth graders later this month is an
"introduction" of sorts for the program to the community, said Kathy Bareiss,
who is helping guide the school district's efforts with the grant.

At most college fairs, representatives sit by themselves at tables and try to
encourage students to consider their school. But at the Jan. 19 Explore What's
in Store event at Mesa Convention Center, representatives will be organized by
career field: health, technology, education and more. Students will pick up
their career interest surveys and head to a table to learn about the different
options available, Bareiss said.

For health, that may mean learning about what it takes to become a veterinary
technician or a certified nurses' assistant or a doctor. For education, it may
mean talking to representatives from Arizona's teaching colleges or community
college programs.

"We want students to know if they're interested in the health field there are
options and different opportunities are going to require different classes,
skills and commitments," she said. "We're trying to introduce the students early
on to the idea of college completion," and what that looks like.

The goal tied to the Gates Foundation grant is to change the way the school
district, college and city think about college completion to better encourage
the idea among young people. This is one step of that, Bareiss said.

Students in Mesa already take an interest survey -- called the ACT Explore -- as
part of their eighth-grade education. Not only does it record students' goals
for the future, but it looks at how their current math, writing and reading
skills match up to those goals. For instance, if a student wants to look at
engineering, but only has plans to take two years of math, the output
information will list that he or she needs more math classes.

"We want them to connect what they're doing in high school to what they will do
in school after high school -- either technical school or college. The goal is
not just getting kids to go, but getting kids to complete," she said.

By bringing this information to the forefront for eighth grade students and
parents, they can better plan the course load for high school. The district will
even send the students a list of career and technical education classes offered
in Mesa high schools in the fields they're considering.

"In ninth grade, you're making decisions on math classes to take," said Joe
O'Reilly, the Mesa district's executive director of student achievement support.
"What you do or don't do in your early years of high school can affect what you
do or can't do later in life. You need to know what you want to do to get to
your goal."

â[#x20ac][#x2039]Michelle Reese, East Valley Tribune

___ (c)2012 East Valley Tribune (Mesa, Ariz.) Visit East Valley Tribune (Mesa,
Ariz.) at www.eastvalleytribune.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120105-MZ-Program-connects
-Mesa-students-with-post-high-school-options-0105-20120105

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MZ


                       Copyright 2012 East Valley Tribune


                              352 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      East Valley Tribune (Mesa, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 5, 2012 Thursday

Program connects Mesa students with post-high school options

BYLINE: Michelle Reese, East Valley Tribune, Mesa, Ariz.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 559 words


Jan. 05--Mesa is hoping a program to encourage younger students to think about
career paths will lead to more success for them after high school.

In 2010, Mesa Unified School District, Mesa Community College and the city were
awarded a $3 million grant from the Gates Foundation. From that launched Mesa
Counts on College, an ambitious program to double the number of college degree
completions in Mesa in 10 years.

A public event for eighth- and ninth graders later this month is an
"introduction" of sorts for the program to the community, said Kathy Bareiss,
who is helping guide the school district's efforts with the grant.

At most college fairs, representatives sit by themselves at tables and try to
encourage students to consider their school. But at the Jan. 19 Explore What's
in Store event at Mesa Convention Center, representatives will be organized by
career field: health, technology, education and more. Students will pick up
their career interest surveys and head to a table to learn about the different
options available, Bareiss said.

For health, that may mean learning about what it takes to become a veterinarian
technician or a certified nurses' assistant or a doctor. For education, it may
mean talking to representatives from Arizona's teaching colleges or community
college programs.

"We want students to know if they're interested in the health field there are
options and different opportunities are going to require different classes,
skills and commitments," she said. "We're trying to introduce the students early
on to the idea of college completion," and what that looks like.

The goal tied to the Gates Foundation grant is to change the way the school
district, college and city think about college completion to better encourage
the idea among young people. This is one step of that, Bareiss said.

Students in Mesa already take an interest survey -- called the ACT Explorer --
as part of their eighth-grade education. Not only does it record students' goals
for the future, but it looks at how their current math, writing and reading
skills match up to those goals. For instance, if a student wants to look at
engineering, but only has plans to take two years of math, the output
information will list that he or she needs more math classes.

"We want them to connect what they're doing in high school to what they will do
in school after high school, either technical school or college. The goal is not
just getting kids to go, but getting kids to complete," she said.

By bringing this information to the forefront in eighth grade to students and
parents, they can better plan the course load for high school. The district will
even send the students a list of career and technical education classes offered
in Mesa high schools in the fields they're considering.

"In ninth grade, you're making decisions on math classes to take," said Joe
O'Reilly, the Mesa district's executive director of student achievement support.
"What you do or don't do in your early years of high school can affect what you
do or can't do later in life. You need to know what you want to do to get to
your goal."

--Contact writer: (480) 898-6549 or mreese@evtrib.com

â[#x20ac][#x2039]Michelle Reese, East Valley Tribune

___ (c)2012 East Valley Tribune (Mesa, Ariz.) Visit East Valley Tribune (Mesa,
Ariz.) at www.eastvalleytribune.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120105-MZ-Program-connects
-Mesa-students-with-post-high-school-options-0105-20120105

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MZ


                       Copyright 2012 East Valley Tribune


                              353 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Aberdeen Press and Journal

                            August 20, 2016 Saturday

Bridge users told to bike it

BYLINE: Jonathan Hebditch

SECTION: NEWS; OTHER; Others; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 378 words


A national charity which promotes healthy outdoor living is hoping to encourage
more people to get on their bike across the Granite City's newest bridge.

National body Sustrans has given Aberdeen City Council a £750,000 grant to help
improve cycling and walking routes around the £22million third Don crossing.

The link between Bridge of Don and Tillydrone - soon to be officially named the
Diamond Bridge - has been designed to take 10,000 vehicles a day.

Andy Keba, Sustrans Scotland community links co-ordinator, said: "We were
delighted to provide the city council with further community links funding
towards new cycling and walking infrastructure for their Diamond Bridge project.

"This project helps connect up the surrounding network with new walking and
cycling links to Seaton Park, the city centre, The Parkway and onward
connections towards the Formartine and Buchan Way.

"Our Community Links Programme provides funding for the creation of cycling and
walking infrastructure for everyday journeys and this bold new project is the
first example of segregated infrastructure and cycle priority crossings in the
north-east.

"The new infrastructure offers a segregated cycle path which will help to
connect communities across the River Don.

"It will encourage people to cycle, walk and use active travel modes as their
preferred choice of travel for everyday journeys and also bring many health,
financial and environmental benefits.

"Crucially, high quality and sustainable projects like this will bring us closer
to achieving the shared vision of 10% of everyday journeys by bike by 2020."

Last night the news was welcomed by the council's transport spokesman,
Tillydrone councillor Ross Grant.

He said: "The news that Sustrans is proposing to commit a further £750,000 of
funding for pedestrian and cycle infrastructure as part of the third Don
crossing project is to be welcomed.

"It will help in meeting the needs of the local communities in the surrounding
area, but also it means that the council can then reallocate and enhance its
overall active travel ambitions, in particular on proposals contained within the
active travel action plan.

"The council's commitment to improving the walkability is reaffirmed by our work
to better connect the paths around the river."

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: RIVER RUN: The Sustrans grant for active transport modes will be used
around the Diamond Bridge which opened to road users earlier this year

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PJ


                      Copyright 2016 Aberdeen Journals Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              354 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            February 9, 2010 Tuesday
                                Suburban Edition

Post Tech Cecilia Kang;
Excerpt from voices.washingtonpost.com/posttech

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 253 words


The Obama administration announced $21 million in stimulus grants on Monday to
bring hundreds of miles of fiber-optic Internet lines to rural southern
Virginia. The region is the latest to receive stimulus funds aimed at wiring the
nation for high-speed Internet access. Like previous grants, the projects are
focused mainly on "middle-mile" networks that won't bring access to the
doorsteps of homes, but serve to connect far-flung areas that are cut off from
the main networks in more urban areas.

The National Telecommunications and Information Administration has awarded $228
million in grants and 51 state broadband-mapping grants worth $97 million. The
NTIA is charged with distributing $4.7 billion of the $7.2 billion in funds for
broadband stimulus grants. The Agriculture Department has  announced $364
million in grants.

The southern Virginia funds will help provide new connections for schools and
universities -- the community centers of many rural areas. The Mid-Atlantic
Broadband Cooperative will receive $16 million to add 465 miles of new fiber to
an existing 800-mile fiber network, which will be used to connect 121 schools.
The Virginia Tech Foundation will receive $5.5 million for a 110-mile
open-access fiber network between Blacksburg and Bedford City. The resulting
network would cross six counties in Virginia's Appalachian region and provide
high-speed connections to Virginia Tech's main campus in Blacksburg and the
Virginia Tech Carilion School of Medicine and Research Institute in Roanoke.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              355 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Sedalia Democrat (Sedalia, Missouri)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 1, 2014 Saturday

PCCP expanding to help homeless

BYLINE: Emily Jarrett, The Sedalia Democrat, Sedalia, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 791 words


Feb. 01--Pettis County Community Partnership is expanding and will soon be able
to offer additional housing services to those in need.

Beginning in March the agency will receive grant funding for Housing First, a
federal program that puts those who are homeless in housing, regardless of their
circumstances.

"The thought is, if you can take away one crisis -- in this case not having a
place to live -- the person can focus on other things," said Roxeanne Parker,
director of housing services at PCCP. "If you're sleeping in your car, for
example, that's taking a precedence over getting your GED or your health care
needs. We can give them a place to live and take care of their utility bills,
allowing them to do other things to better their situation."

According to HUD, Housing First was developed to help house chronically homeless
persons, built on the idea that "moving people directly from the streets and
shelters into their own permanent housing would save lives and help those living
with mental illness, addictions or other disabilities."

Parker noted there has been some backlash to the Housing First program in other
communities -- mostly stemming from the program being used to sometimes house
addicts -- but said PCCP can customize the grant to best fit its goals and it
will likely be used to house area families.

"This program works because, very frequently, homelessness is not the single
issue a person faces," she added. "They can also be dealing with mental health
issues, joblessness, re-entry into the community after being in prison, getting
out of an abusive relationship, there are any number of reasons a person is
homeless."

In addition to the new grant, PCCP is also expanding its community reach.
Currently the agency serves those in Benton, Morgan and Pettis counties, but
within the next few months that will double to serving surrounding counties as
well.

"A lot of our surrounding counties have very small communities, so people will
come to Sedalia to work, to shop, to go to school," Parker said. "Many times
those communities have no or very limited social services agencies, La Monte or
Lincoln for example. So someone who lives just across the county line, they
still need help but we wouldn't be able to provide it for them. Now we can have
a regional approach."

The expansion will see an additional staff member brought on to PCCP and Parker
estimated client numbers would go up as soon as word spread about PCCP's
availability.

"Homelessness and poverty don't exist in a bubble," she said. "I think for a lot
of people, myself included, if it doesn't involve them directly they don't
really think about it. Sedalia has always been a generous community when it
comes to helping (social services agencies) but sometimes I think people forget
that we really do have a homeless problem here.

"We went on our annual homeless count on Wednesday and that day alone we had 20
people, including students and senior citizens, come into our office for housing
assistance."

Parker did not yet have a final tally on how many homeless were counted this
week, but said she thought the number was higher than in years past. Those
increased numbers are part of the reason why PCCP will again host Project
Homeless Connect in the fall.

A nation-wide program, Project Homeless Connect brings agencies, churches,
businesses and volunteers to one place so those in need can visit a variety of
sources at one time. Last year's event helped more than 400 people with
everything from submitting applications for Social Security cards and birth
certificates, to picking up free toiletries to getting a new haircut. Calling it
"an overwhelming success," Parker said Project Homeless Connect meetings will
start again soon.

"Right now we're looking for volunteers," she said. "Last year we had 40
agencies and churches volunteer items and their time, as well as 100 volunteers
who worked to make it run so smoothly. It's a big undertaking to plan everything
out but it really does a lot of good for those who need it."

Overall, Parker said she was looking forward to the expanded services PCCP would
soon be offering, but noted bigger changes are needed.

"It's time to stop putting a band-aid on our homeless problem," she said. "We
can run from solving crisis to crisis but at the end of the day we need to fix
our homeless problem. We're starting to have conversations about what that might
include, but for now, we'll continue to serve those who need it most."

For more information about Housing First, Project Homeless Connect or the Pettis
County Community Partnership, call 827-0560.

___ (c)2014 The Sedalia Democrat (Sedalia, Mo.) Visit The Sedalia Democrat
(Sedalia, Mo.) at www.sedaliademocrat.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140201-SX-PCCP-expanding-to-help-homeless-0201-20140201

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SX


                      Copyright 2014 The Sedalia Democrat


                              356 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                            April 27, 2013 Saturday

Umpqua Bank spotlights volunteer work, grant contest

BYLINE: The Times-Standard

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 171 words


Umpqua Bank's Connect Volunteer program provides associates with paid time-off
each year to volunteer at youth-focused organizations, schools and community
development programs. One of this year's finalists, Anthea Prolux, a loan
assistant from Eureka, used her Connect hours volunteering at the Redwood
Community Action Agency with the Volunteer Tax Assistance Program, which
prepares taxes at no charge for low to moderate income people through a program
through the IRS, according to a press release.

As a part of Umpqua's Show Us How You Give photo campaign, the bank recently
announced the 20 finalists in the running to receive one of 10 grants being
awarded to nonprofit organizations and schools. Humboldt County Children's
Author Festival is one of the finalists and will receive a grant of $2,500 if
they make it to the top 10, according to the release. Vote online by visiting
http://bit.ly/11i0xwi.

Umpqua Bank has six locations in Humboldt County: Eureka, Arcata, McKinleyville,
Willow Creek, Fortuna and Garberville.

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                              357 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                             July 26, 2016 Tuesday
                                 First Edition

Mohawk builds a rooftop pollination paradise;
$6,000 grant from World Wildlife Fund helps with project

BYLINE: Kelly Noseworthy The Hamilton Spectator

SECTION: LOCAL / NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 517 words


Native grasses and bright-coloured flowers such as the rudbeckia outline the
patio area on a section of the library's roof at Mohawk College.

Elisha Martin, a paralegal student at the college, is working diligently in the
223-square-metre rooftop garden. She's digging a small hole to plant a sunflower
hoping it will entice more bees or other insects to pollinate.

It won't be long before the garden is lush and buzzing with activity thanks in
part to World Wildlife Fund (WWF) Canada's Go Wild community grant initiative.

Mohawk College was among more than 250 applicants and will receive $6,000 to put
toward its Pollination Paradise initiative. What's more, the college was the
only one in the country to receive the grant.

"It's exciting to work with a group like the World Wildlife Fund because they're
a progressive organization doing a lot to protect and educate people about the
importance of our natural environment," said Alan Griffiths, manager of
sustainability at Mohawk.

Their goal is to increase the amount of pollinators that visit all of the
gardens on campus, support local food production and help diversify the plant
population while creating a space to be used as a "learning environment" for the
staff, students and members of the community.

"They can visit the garden, they can learn about the plants, the importance of
pollinators in an urban setting and the importance of green roofs," said
Griffiths.

They also plan to hire a part-time student to maintain the garden and monitor
pollinator activity.

Impressed with "their commitment to sustainability" WWF's Sarah Winterton,
director of nature-connected communities, says Mohawk was selected based on the
timing of the venture considering the "issues of pollinators and the stress on
bees and other insects and their ability to connect with the surrounding
community."

"Given the student population and all the different ways it connects with the
community around it, it really has the capacity to help replicate the project in
other household gardens or other green spaces," said Winterton.

"Mohawk is well-positioned to help carry forward this opportunity to play a role
in re-establishing healthy pollinator habitat."

According to Winterton, there are 400 wild bee species in Eastern Canada. The
rusty-patched bumble bee "used to proliferate in southern Ontario" but was added
to Ontario's list of species-at-risk in 2010.

"We want to play a role in strengthening the connection Canadians have to
nature," she said. "We need pollinators as part of the vital part of our food
system."

WWF gave out grants between $1,000 and $7,000. Twenty other projects were
successful - recipients included small non-government organizations, community
groups and individuals.

The program launched in 2015 with more than $100,000 given out so far. Through
the college's Sustainability Initiatives Fund - a partnership with students -
the college matched WWF's contribution, bringing the total investment in the
rooftop garden to $12,000.

About a dozen native grasses and flowers will be planted over the next few
weeks.

knoseworthy@thespec.com

905-526-3199

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              358 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Renfrew Mercury

                           October 31, 2013 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Library celebrates success with crafts and costumes

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 376  words


Community -A Halloween open house at the Admaston-Bromley Public Library was
more than a children's party. It was a chance to celebrate a long list of
achievements.

Last week was Ontario Public Library Week and the theme was connections.

"I just want to share a few ways that the Admaston-Bromley Public Library
connects you to your community," librarian Jane Wouda told the gathering.

"We can connect you to the world with our free 24/7 WiFi and access to our
computers and fax," she said.

Wouda said the library also helps newcomers to connect to new friends and museum
passes connect users to local culture, also for free. The library has added a
Museum of Civilization card to its collection of passes.

"Of course, one main function of the library is to connect you with the book,
magazine or movie you are looking for, either with what we have here on the
shelves, or through our inter-library loan service," Wouda explained.

In January, the library will be launching two new databases.

Mango Languages offers free software for adult and children to learn more than
50 different languages. A-Z World Travel offers travel guides and up-to-date
information on more than 200 major cities around the world.

"Both of these databases are free to use, either from home or at the library.
All you need is a library card," said Wouda.

The open house also served as an opportunity to launch the library's newest
literacy program - Booksto-Go. The kits were made possible through a grant from
the Rural Learning Association and the Sarah Badgley grant.

"This grant was created in Sarah's name because she was a very young girl who
loved books, but sadly she died before she had a chance to learn to read
herself," Wouda ex- plained.

The 11 themed kits include books, movies, games and activities for two age
groups of children: 3 to 5 and 6 to 8. Kits can, however, be modified to suit
either group.

"The kits are full of ideas to parents to encourage literacy in the home," said
Wouda.

In closing, she thanked the residents present for supporting public libraries.
"I hope that you will take advantage of all the ways the library connects you to
the world," Wouda said.

The open house included crafts, games, and refreshments, including a cake made
especially for the occasion.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              359 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Herald-Sun (Durham, N.C.)

                           February 2, 2012 Thursday
                                 Final EDITION

Nurse visit program for newborns part of legacy

SECTION: D; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 625  words


The passing of Mary Duke Biddle Trent Semans brings to mind all the good she
brought to our community. Ms. Semans died at age 91 last week. She held a long
tenure of public service including serving on the Durham City Council, as a
trustee of Duke University and as a trustee of The Duke Endowment until her
death.

Through each position, Semans left a legacy in the Durham community. One
signature program of The Duke Endowment, is the Durham Connects program. Since
2008 the program has visited more than 3,600 families and made thousands more
connections to community service agencies. The program has been very popular
with parents with more than 80 percent of the birthing population signing up at
the hospital.

"Durham is a very diverse county," said Durham Connects Director Jeannine Sato.
"We see families with high needs and those that are highly resourced. What
matters most is that our program is there to offer support for all parents in
Durham County regardless of circumstances." That flexibility has paid off. Of
those that have a visit, 98 percent say they found it helpful and would
recommend it to a friend.

Since its inception, Durham Connects has been funded primarily through The Duke
Endowment. The funds were part of a 10-year commitment to improve child and
family well-being in the Durham community. As the program progressed and
expanded, Durham County pitched in some funding and small grants also helped
out. Today, the Durham Connects program is on its way to becoming fully
sustainable in the community. The Duke Endowment is still the primary funder.
However a fundraising goal of $250,000 has been set for 2012 to match endowment
funds.

The program was a welcome comfort for new mom Cacina Bell, who works on the
mother-baby floor of Durham Regional Hospital. Despite working with new parents
and babies every day she had lots of questions when she gave birth to her own
first child. "Just having a nurse come by to make sure the baby is fine and
everything is OK, is very, very helpful," Bell said. Bell's partner, Marques
Wilkerson goes one step further. "I think it should be required, especially if
the dad is around," said Wilkerson. He said the visit allowed him to ask
questions and get new ideas for how to care for their new son, M.J. Bell and
Wilkerson are one of thousands of Durham families that have received a
complimentary nurse home visit after the birth of their baby.

The Durham Connects program provides the nurse visits to all Durham residents
who give birth in Durham County. The program has been a collaboration of several
organizations including Duke University, the Durham County Health Department and
the Center for Child and Family Health (CCFH). Now CCFH is taking a more active
role in Durham Connects' everyday operations. The entire program has
transitioned to the nonprofit organization, which is located in the historic NC
Mutual Life building in downtown Durham. It is an important shift because the
program is out of the pilot and evaluation stages and ready to become part of
the standard of care in for Durham families. Creating innovative and sustainable
community programs is what The Duke Endowment and Mary DBT Semans was all about.
Without her presence Bell and Wilkerson might have seen little community support
for their new child. As the program continues, see the legacy and goodness of
one of North Carolina's great philanthropists, Mary Duke Biddle Trent Semans.

To learn more visit www.durhamconnects.org. To donate, contact Durham Connects,
411 W. Chapel Hill Street, Suite 908, Durham NC 27701 or call 919-419-3474 ext.
403.

To hear more about Cacina Bell and Marques Wilkerson's experience with Durham
Connects visit Durham Connects' Facebook page and click on the video link.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              360 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Hobart Mercury (Australia)

                            April 9, 2003 Wednesday

Big gift to the battlers

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 239 words


UNEMPLOYED and vulnerable Tasmanians being helped by Anglicare are the main
beneficiaries of grants totalling $100,000 announced by the Connect Community
Foundation yesterday.

The foundation, established by Connect Credit Union in 2000, will provide
$46,000 over three years to Anglicare to help its My Money: My Future
initiative, helping young people take control of their personal finances.

The rest of the $100,000 allocation will go to 12 other groups

supporting a diverse range of programs.

Foundation chairman Jenny Stagg said the Anglicare program was extremely
far-sighted and the foundation was confident it would have far-reaching benefits
for the Tasmanian community.

"It is exciting to support and be involved with such a valuable initiative and
sits very well with Connect's aim to assist Tasmanians to achieve financial
well-being," she said.

Anglicare chief executive Chris Jones said financial pressure on young people
had increased in recent years and the organisation's financial planning service
was seeing growing numbers of young people in financial crisis.

"The aim of our program is to develop a range of necessary skills and practical
strategies," Rev Jones said.

Among other $5000 grants was help for Hobart Police and Citizens Youth Club to
provide resources for the Bridgewater Mobile Activity Centre.

The Salvation Army and Diabetes Australia also received help.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: MER

                   Copyright 2003 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              361 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                          Connect Australia Foundation

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.connectaustralia.org.au

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   The Connect Australia Foundation has been created by the NSW migrant resource
centres to provide leadership and foster dialogue around refugee issues. The
Connect Australia Foundation is committed to meeting the needs of individuals
and communities with refugee experiences.  The Connect Australia Foundation
invites Expressions of Interest for the following two opportunities:   Grants
Program that will fund new and innovative projects that enhance settlement
outcomes and contribute to the connectedness and inclusion of communities or
individuals with refugee experiences.  Scholarship Program is offered for one
male and one female student of Social Work or the Humanities who has refugee
experiences and is subject to financial hardship.  The Connect Australia
Foundation encourages applicants from regional and rural areas to apply for both
the Scholarship and Grants programs.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              362 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 5, 2014 Saturday

Pennsylvania: Fattah Announces State Department Grants to Two Philadelphia
Museums for Student Cultural Exchange Programs

LENGTH: 416  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


The State of Pennsylvania has issued the following news release:

Congressman Chaka Fattah (PA-02) is pleased to announce that the Academy of
Natural Sciences of Drexel University and The Fabric Workshop and Museum in
Philadelphia have received federal grant funding to foster international
collaboration with museum counterparts abroad. Both institutions are the
recipients of the 2014 Museums Connect grant from the U.S. Department of State's
Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs and the American Alliance of Museums.
Only nine museums nationwide were awarded the selective grants this year.

"This grant is an exceptional honor for two of Philadelphia's pioneering
museums. Not only is this funding going towards programs to expand our community
's rich cultural traditions, and empower and educate Philadelphia students
through the arts, it will increase the international visibility of our wonderful
city," Congressman Fattah said. "I applaud the Academy of Natural Sciences and
The Fabric Workshop and Museum for their commitment to creating unique, new
cultural opportunities for our youth."

The Academy of Natural Sciences grant funding will go to support the WINS (Women
in Natural Sciences) program in collaboration with the National Museum of
Mongolia and serve as a launching point for empowering high school girls in both
communities to engage in a better understanding of climate education through
scientific research, discovery, and enrichment. The project will result in an
after-school program curriculum about climate change variation in different
habitats and diverse cultural practices that can be climate change catalysts or
deterrents.

The Fabric Workshop and Museum will collaborate with the Tangier American
Legation Institute for Moroccan Studies on a project documenting oral histories
from female embroidery artists and quilt-makers in Morocco and the United
States. College students in Morocco and Philadelphia will build an online
catalogue of the work of the textile artists and an exhibition of documentary
photographs to be displayed in both museums; they will also collaborate on a
joint textile project.

In its seventh year, Museums Connect links U.S. communities with communities
around the world through innovative, museum-based exchanges that foster mutual
understanding while focusing on important topics like women's empowerment,
disability awareness, climate change, and civic engagement, among others.

For more information please visit: http://fattah.house.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              363 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              June 10, 2011 Friday

West County Community Digest

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 407 words


Richmond

YOUTH ASSISTANCE MINI-GRANTS: A trio of groups is teaming up to offer a limited
number of small grants for programs or projects that "engage young people in
safe and meaningful activities during the summer."

The California Endowment, Healthy Richmond, and the Richmond Community
Foundation are partnering to make grants of $750 to $1,000 available to "give
local kids the opportunity to acquire new skills, participate in enrichment
activities and educational outings, participate in civic engagement projects,
improve their health and become more physically active."

Up to 13 awards will be available to individuals, 501(c)3 nonprofit
organizations, or public agencies, and grant applications must be submitted by
Friday.

Individuals who apply must have a qualified nonprofit organization partner
acting as a fiscal sponsor.

For details contact Jim Becker at the Richmond Community Foundation,
510-234-1200 or jbecker@richmondcf.org . Details and a downloadable application
are online at www.richmondcf.org .

Point Richmond

JAZZ SERVICE FOR FATHER'S DAY: The Rev. Dan Damon and his quartet will perform
the sermon in song at the annual Father's Day Jazz Service at 11 a.m. June 19 at
First United Methodist Church, 201 Martina St. Details: 510-236-0527 or
www.pointrichmond.com/methodist .

Richmond

Project Homeless Connect: The one-day Project Homeless Connect, providing access
to food, medical and dental care, substance abuse program and shelter referrals
and more aimed at helping area homeless people become self-sufficient, is 9 a.m.
to 3 p.m. Wednesday at the Richmond Memorial Auditorium, 403 Civic Center Plaza.

Volunteers are needed for the annual event held by Contra Costa Health Services.

To help call 925-313-6124 or show up the morning of the event to volunteer.

Richmond

DISASTER READINESS EVENT: A free workshop on Emergency Preparedness Workshop For
Seniors will be presented June 24 in the Bermuda Room at the Richmond Memorial
Auditorium, 403 Civic Center Plaza.

Early arrivals can have continental breakfast. The program begins at 9:30 a.m.
and will cover preparations for fire, earthquake, flood and other potential
disasters with advice and information from police, fire and health
professionals.

The workshop is presented by the city Commission on Aging, which will hold a
door-prize drawing.

For reservations call Ben Wallace at 510-223-4528, Myrtle Braxton at
510-233-0777 or Eli Williams at 510-232-4690.

-- Chris Treadway

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              364 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Odessa American (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 17, 2010 Friday

$11.9M grant

BYLINE: Gabriella Lopez, Odessa American, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 364 words


Sept. 17--The Region 18 Education Service Center in Midland received a grant
Tuesday for $11.9 million which will help fund Connect Southwest Texas, a
project designed to increase bandwidth and Internet speed at a lower cost,
according to a news release.

Additionally, the Connect Southwest Texas project will bring increased potential
for private customers to have access to more affordable connections, the release
said.

The grant requires matching contributions of $5.3 million.

U.S. Commerce Secretary Gary Lock announced the grant which is one of 35
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act investments intended to help with
education and bridging the technological divide, among other things, the release
said.

The grant will add to the services ESC 18 already provides for its 33 member
districts and will allow for greater service to other organizations in Region
18. Connect Southwest Texas will also fund technology and Internet-related
projects in libraries, hospitals and public safety offices.

The project is a partnership among Region 18 districts, public safety agencies,
public health, local governments, libraries and local independent phone
companies.

Connect Southwest Texas' funds are part of $482.4 million in grants to fund
projects that help bring high-speed Internet access to millions of private
households, businesses and public organizations.

"These projects will have a real, lasting impact on communities across the
country," said Lawrence E. Strickling, the assistant secretary for
Communications and Information and Administrator of the National
Telecommunications and Information Administration.

Connect Southwest Texas intends for its projects to promote long-term economic
growth and the creation of jobs, a news release said.

To see more of the Odessa American, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.oaoa.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Odessa American, Texas Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information about the content
services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit
www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or call
866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100917-OD-11.9M-grant-0917-20100917

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OD


                         Copyright 2010 Odessa American


                              365 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Glasgow Daily Times (Kentucky)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          September 17, 2015 Thursday

Cave Region Trails group receives NPS grant

BYLINE: Gina Kinslow, Glasgow Daily Times, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 575 words


Sept. 17--CAVE CITY -- The Cave Region Trails Initiative Steering Committee
learned earlier this week it has been awarded a grant by the National Park
Service to receive administrative support in the development of a master plan it
can use as a guide to connect trails in and around 11 communities in Barren,
Edmonson, Hart and Warren counties.

Sharon Tabor, executive director of the Cave City Tourist and Convention
Commission, said the steering committee received informal approval of the grant
award, which will involve Russell Clark, a community planner with the Rivers,
Trails and Conservation Assistance Program, providing administrative assistance
in the development of the master plan. The steering committee is expected to
receive official notification from the National Park Service about the grant
award in coming weeks.

Tabor was excited to learn of the news.

"It puts us that much further in with the other communities on becoming trail
towns. It gives us recognition on the national level because RTCA is at the
national level," she said. "It gives us one more thing to use in promoting the
area."

The steering committee is composed of community members, business owners and
officials who work in the tourism industry, representing all 11 communities that
will benefit from the project.

Among those who serve on the steering committee is Telia Butler, public
relations manager for the Bowling Green Area Convention and Visitors Bureau.

"I'm excited," Butler said about the grant award, adding Bowling Green is one of
the communities that will benefit from the project.

"Most of the visitors that come through Bowling Green ... our magnet attraction
is Mammoth Cave, even though we are known for the National Corvette Museum and
the Beech Bend Raceway, the biggest attraction by volume is Mammoth Cave,"
Butler said. "By utilizing all of those wonderful trail resources we already
have, we can get a grip on a whole other kind of visitor."

She continued Bowling Green will benefit from the initiative by offering those
who come to the area to experience adventure tourism, whether it be canoeing,
kayaking, hiking or bike riding during the daytime, by offering those same
people something they can do at night, such as a concert or a play.

Ann Stewart, marketing director for the Glasgow-Barren County Chamber of
Commerce, said the steering committee has a lot of work ahead of it to do, but
she thinks the project will be good for all communities involved.

"Some people are already thinking along the lines of new businesses they may
create and open to support the trails initiative," she said.

Within in the next week or two the steering committee will get together to begin
an inventory of existing trails in the four counties. Once that is done, the
steering committee will then take a look to see if any new trails need to be
created, Tabor said.

"We will probably need to look at somebody within the next year or so taking
over the administration of this because it's going to be a huge job," Tabor
said. "We will have to have a marketing plan. We will have to figure out the
phases and where we're going to connect the trails first."

The work to link all 11 communities together will be a multi-phased project that
will be developed over a period of several years, she said.

___ (c)2015 the Glasgow Daily Times (Glasgow, Ky.) Visit the Glasgow Daily Times
(Glasgow, Ky.) at www.glasgowdailytimes.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150917-GK-Cave-Region-Trails-group-receives-NPS-grant-0917-20150917

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GK


                       Copyright 2015 Glasgow Daily Times


                              366 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Sun Journal (New Bern, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 2, 2011 Wednesday

Work resumes to lay fiber-optics cable

BYLINE: Eddie Fitzgerald, Sun Journal, New Bern, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 545 words


Nov. 02--A statewide project to connect community colleges and schools with a
fiber-optics network is back on track in New Bern after being delayed by
Hurricane Irene.

Contractors for MCNC, a nonprofit based in Research Triangle Park that provides
technical infrastructure throughout North Carolina, are now laying fiber optics
in Lawson Creek Park that will eventually go under the Trent River and connect
with Havelock.

MCNC provides advanced networked technology services to all 3 million North
Carolina public education students from kindergarten classes to universities.

The company operates the North Carolina Research and Education Network, which
also allows students to connect to each other, to national and international
education and research assets, and to other students around the globe. It also
will connect libraries and county government networks to the existing North
Carolina Research and Education Network.

MCNC was awarded a grant from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009
to expand the network. The grant will fund the engineering and construction of
about 500 miles of new fiber optics in rural southeastern and western North
Carolina, according to an earlier letter from the company to the New Bern city
manager.

The work in New Bern is part of a $39.99 million network of mostly buried
fiber-optic cable. MCNC will provide New Bern with reduced rates for service it
delivers out of Craven Community College.

Mark Trail, IT manager for New Bern, said the fiber-optic work in New Bern
started about two weeks before Hurricane Irene. Lawson Creek Park was used as a
debris dumping site after the storm. Workers restarted the fiber-optic project
Monday.

As part of the agreement between MCNC and New Bern, the company also will bury a
higher-strand count of fiber optics under the Trent River to update the city's
existing 36-strand fiber optics, Trail said.

Three and half years ago the county installed fiber optics from Havelock
Community College to West Craven High School and the city was not able to fully
tap into it because the newer fiber optic strands were more than the strand
count that runs under the river, Trail said.

"This will expand our resources on that side of the river," Trail said.

It also will give the city a redundancy for emergencies by having two cables and
save the city about $200,000 by not having to hire contractors to bore under the
river.

MCNC plans to install fiber optics beside Lawson Creek Park Road, to the boat
ramps, under the river and beside Howell Road. The fiber optics is coming into
the city beside U.S. 70 and follows First Street into Country Club Road before
entering Lawson Creek Park.

The city also will be able to take advantage of the cable being put in by MCNC,
connecting all the schools and community colleges, libraries and local
government on one network, Trail said.

"Anything that provides additional resources to the city is a good thing," he
said.

A contractor working on the project said it would take about 30 days to run the
fiber optic under the river.

Eddie Fitzgerald can be reached at 252-635-5675 or at efitzgerald@freedomenc.com

___ (c)2011 the Sun Journal (New Bern, N.C.) Visit the Sun Journal (New Bern,
N.C.) at http://www.newbernsj.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111102-NS-Work-resumes-to-lay-fiber-optics-cable-1102-20111102

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NS


                           Copyright 2011 Sun Journal


                              367 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                           August 31, 2011 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

H.E.R. helps pregnant women in need; Project connects homeless, expecting
mothers with support services

BYLINE: Miranda Scotland, Edmonton Journal

SECTION: CITY & REGION; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 435  words

DATELINE: EDMONTON


Eleven years ago, Morgan Chalifoux was 14, pregnant and struggling with
homelessness and addiction.

Seeking help and seeing a doctor was frightening, at times embarrassing,
Chalifoux said.

"I was a child myself. Being on the street at that young an age ... was doing a
number on my self-esteem."

But Chalifoux was able to find support at Boyle Street Community Services. She
now has two boys, ages three and nine, is employed and no longer homeless.

Chalifoux is part of H.E.R. (healthy, empowered, resilient) Pregnancy Project, a
community initiative that aims to assist women who find themselves on the street
and pregnant. The program connects women with holistic prenatal care, provides
pregnancy education and a support system.

The project is being spearheaded by Streetworks and will be assisted by many
other agencies. H.E.R. will receive a $900,000 grant over three years from
Alberta's Safe Communities, a fund created to help reduce and prevent crime.

Chalifoux uses her own experience to connect with the women and gain their
trust, she said.

Streetworks estimates there are more than 200 pregnant women each year who are
homeless.

Already Chalifoux and the rest of the H.E.R. outreach team, which includes a
nurse, a social worker and another pregnancy support worker, have been able to
connect with nearly eight women. They expect to help between 50 and 75 a year.

For most women, pregnancy is a joyful experience, but for those living on the
street it can be fearful, Streetworks Project Manager Marliss Taylor said. The
women are concerned about money, their child being taken away and are afraid to
be judged.

Some are struggling with disease and addiction.

"We explain to them that the healthier they are, the better chance they can keep
their child," Taylor said.

"They just need some help to get there."

It's important to keep kids with their parents and this program helps do that,
said Julian Daly, executive director for Boyle Street.

"Research shows that keeping families together is without a doubt the best thing
in most cases," Daly said.

The team provides services including performing basic testing for sexually
transmitted diseases, checking fetal heart rates, supporting the woman through
delivery or providing transportation.

The program is modelled after Women in the Shadows, which Streetworks and
sexually transmitted disease clinic ran from 2008 to 2010. Women in the Shadows
helped about 125 women over the two years, but ran out of funding.

The funding from the government will allow H.E.R. to continue what Women in the
Shadows started and with twice the staff.

mscotland@edmontonjournal.com

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Candace Elliott, The Journal; Streetworks project manager Marliss
Taylor announces $900,000 in funding to help women who are homeless and
pregnant.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2011 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              368 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Clydebank Press

                              June 9, 2015 Tuesday

Clydebank community groups set for funding boost from ASDA

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 267 words


TWO Clydebank community groups are celebrating this week after receiving a cash
boost.

Time to Connect and Parkhall and District Tenants Association have both been
awarded a grant totalling £1,660 from Asda Clydebank as part of the money raised
in the six months since the carrier bag charge was introduced.

Time to Connect will use the money to run activities including dance, music, and
yoga. It will pay for the continuation of 16 Saturday sessions, each 40 minutes
long and provided by qualified staff with experience of working with adults with
disabilities.

Lorraine MacKenzie from the charity said: "We are thrilled to receive this grant
from Asda. The money will allow us to provide a number of sessions in music,
dance, exercise and yoga throughout the summer. These sessions not only provide
beneficial activities but are also a chance for adults to socialise and keep in
touch with friends." Asda vowed earlier this year to distribute funds raised
through the carrier bag charge to community groups and has been working with
Foundation Scotland to administer funds.

Offering up to £2,000, the grants can be used to contribute to general running
costs, training, equipment, as well as activities and events.

Kirsty Strachan, community life champion at Asda Clydebank, said: "At Asda, we
want the carrier bag charge to have long-term social - as well as environmental
- benefits, and we want to ensure the funds raised are spent locally. "By
working with Foundation Scotland, we can ensure that the carrier bag charge
benefits the small projects and good causes that matter most to our local
community.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              369 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Alberni Valley Times (British Columbia)

                             March 12, 2010 Friday
                                 Final Edition

KidSport in its fourth year, raises standards

BYLINE: Keri Sculland, Alberni Valley Times

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 426  words


In the four years KidSport has been in Port Alberni, it has grown in population.

In 2006, the city took on the initiative to provide affordable sports for
children from low income families. At the time, there were only 14 chapters in
the province, but it has since grown to 40. This year, the chapter hopes to
raise $15,000 to help children in the city become more involved. Families are
eligible to apply for a maximum grant of $200, which covers registration fees.

Getting kids active and involved in sports is the aim of KidSport. These days
there are too many children sitting at home playing video games or getting into
trouble. The grant program helps kids get out and get active.

"It's helping kids who can't afford to get into sports," said chairperson Ron
Doetzel.

Last year the program helped 105 in the community, and raised $14,000. This
year, they have increased their grant money goal an extra $1,000. In the three
years the chapter has existed here, they have helped over 300 kids with
registration for sports programs.

Every year the number of kids participating in KidSport increases, showing
growing demand and awareness of the program, said Doetzel.

"Awareness of the program has really grown," said Doetzel. "Access has
improved."

KidSport is trying to connect with different organizations and businesses in the
Alberni Valley to help donate grant money. The program has been very successful
here because of the support it has raised, added Doetzel.

"Last year we helped kids in a wide variety of sports," said Doetzel. "From
gymnastics to football, just about anything."

The concept is easy to connect with, said Doetzel. There are many parents in the
community who are unable to afford recreational activities for their children,
and most people can relate to this whether they can or cannot afford sports,
which is where KidSport comes in, Doetzel said.

"The community has been very supportive," he said.

KidSport is a national project, with branches for each province. In the country
there are over 175 community chapters. In the application there is a test for
financial need, which varies in each province. KisSport recognizes the cost of
organized sports can be a barrier to participation and limit the choices for
some families. They work to fulfill its mission of eliminating the financial
barriers to sport participation, "so all kids can play."

All sports are eligible for grant funding. To apply for a grant, applications
can be picked up at Echo Centree or online at www.kidsport.ca. For more
information, contact Doetzel at 250-720-2519.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Keri Sculland, Alberni Valley Times; Paul Dore, Grant Gibson and Don
Hudson from the Lions Club present a $500 cheque to Bill Flynn for the KidSport
program. The program has been helping provide recreational opportunities for low
income families for the past four years.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Alberni Valley Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              370 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 3, 2014 Thursday

Fattah Announces State Department Grants to Two Philadelphia Museums for Student
Cultural Exchange Programs

LENGTH: 423  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of House of Representative Chaka Fattah, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

Congressman Chaka Fattah (PA-02) is pleased to announce that the Academy of
Natural Sciences of Drexel University and The Fabric Workshop and Museum in
Philadelphia have received federal grant funding to foster international
collaboration with museum counterparts abroad. Both institutions are the
recipients of the 2014 Museums Connect grant from the U.S. Department of State's
Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs and the American Alliance of Museums.
Only nine museums nationwide were awarded the selective grants this year.

"This grant is an exceptional honor for two of Philadelphia's pioneering
museums. Not only is this funding going towards programs to expand our community
's rich cultural traditions, and empower and educate Philadelphia students
through the arts, it will increase the international visibility of our wonderful
city," Congressman Fattah said. "I applaud the Academy of Natural Sciences and
The Fabric Workshop and Museum for their commitment to creating unique, new
cultural opportunities for our youth."

The Academy of Natural Sciences grant funding will go to support the WINS (Women
in Natural Sciences) program in collaboration with the National Museum of
Mongolia and serve as a launching point for empowering high school girls in both
communities to engage in a better understanding of climate education through
scientific research, discovery, and enrichment. The project will result in an
after-school program curriculum about climate change variation in different
habitats and diverse cultural practices that can be climate change catalysts or
deterrents.

The Fabric Workshop and Museum will collaborate with the Tangier American
Legation Institute for Moroccan Studies on a project documenting oral histories
from female embroidery artists and quilt-makers in Morocco and the United
States. College students in Morocco and Philadelphia will build an online
catalogue of the work of the textile artists and an exhibition of documentary
photographs to be displayed in both museums; they will also collaborate on a
joint textile project.

In its seventh year, Museums Connect links U.S. communities with communities
around the world through innovative, museum-based exchanges that foster mutual
understanding while focusing on important topics like women's empowerment,
disability awareness, climate change, and civic engagement, among others.

For further information please visit: http://fattah.house.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              371 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            March 23, 2006 Thursday

Trail offers more ways to be active;
Centerville, Washington Twp. residents would have more places to walk, bike

BYLINE: By Ken McCall kmccall@DaytonDailyNews.com

SECTION: DAYTON; Pg. Z7-6

LENGTH: 761 words


CENTERVILLE - Earth is moving on the very first projects in what promises to be
a decadeslong program to make Centerville and Washington Twp. friendlier to
bicyclists and pedestrians.

Along Ohio 48, just north of Whipp Road, crews are putting in sidewalks north to
Rahn Road. Another section of missing sidewalk is going in on Paragon Road, just
north of Miamisburg-Centerville Road.

And officials from the park district and the cities of Centerville and Kettering
are waiting for news on a grant request that would help pay for the community's
first trail on an abandoned railroad right of way: a portion of the Iron Horse
Trail that would run from Interstate 675 north through Iron Horse Park and into
Kettering. Officials hope to begin construction on that project this spring.

The trails plan, adopted early last year by the city, the township and the
Centerville-Washington Park District board of directors, lays out a
comprehensive program to build, mark and promote multiuse trails throughout the
community.

Officially called the Creating Community Connections Multi-Use Trail Plan, the
document proposes 14 trails that would crisscross the community using a
combination of marked bike routes on low-traffic streets, separate paved trails
and sidewalks.

The plan would connect the community to trails leading to the Great Miami River
and the Little Miami River trails, north into Kettering and south into Warren
County.

Stein Pedersen, a longtime cyclist, co-owner of K&G Bike Center and member of
the task force that wrote the trails plan, said he got involved because people
keep telling him they're afraid to ride bikes around town.

"We're running out of places to ride," said Pedersen, who has been cycling for
35 years. "The problem we're having is street congestion, more cars nowadays. So
the plan gives people an avenue to find safe places to ride."

The plan is aimed at giving residents more opportunities to be physically
active, and getting them to use nonautomobile transportation as much as
possible, Pedersen said. Federal and state grants, such as the Clean Ohio Trails
Fund grant that would help build the Iron Horse Trail, are weighted toward
projects that promote nonmotorized commuting.

"The park system looks at it a little bit more recreationally," Pedersen said,
"but the whole idea is to connect our communities with our neighboring
communities with viable, safe, multipurpose paths."

The trail plan was sparked by numerous comments given by residents during the
city and township's Create the Vision master planning process in 2004.

"What we were hearing is that our residents wanted a safer, more walkable
community," said Carol Kennard, director of the park district and leader of the
Multi-Use Trail Task Force, which drew up the plan.

"So you have to start with a plan, and then, even if it takes several years, you
can begin to develop it."

The adopted plan not only officially commits the community toward building
trails, it also helps secure federal and state grants, she said.

"One of the first things they ask, is 'Do you have a plan?' " Kennard said.

The task force developed a survey to measure the public's preferences on trails
and got more than 1,000 responses. The survey showed that people wanted trails
not only for bicycling, but also for walking, running and rollerblading.

Two-thirds of the respondents said they exercised outdoors between five to 10
times a month. Sixty-nine percent said they use existing trails in the region.
And half said it was important to connect the community's trails with those
already created in the Miami Valley.

People also said the ways they would most likely use the trails for exercise,
recreation, running errands and commuting to work.

Most people wanted trails that ran north/south and east/west along major roads
that connected to parks, schools, stores, libraries and other destinations.

By far, Kennard said, people said they would prefer trails that were paved and
separated from traffic. The problem, she said, is that the community is mostly
built out and space for separate trails is hard to find.

Nevertheless, the plan calls for construction of either separate trails or
"shared sidewalks" whenever road improvements are made along routes covered by
the plan and in all new developments.

It breaks the trails down into 32 separate construction projects totaling an
estimated $7.5 million. About 61 percent or $4.5 million of that estimated cost
would be borne by the township if everything is built, with the rest being split
between the city and park district.

Contact Ken McCall at 225-2393.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ED ROBERTS/DAYTON DAILY NEWS CAROL KENNARD, director of
Centerville-Washington Twp. Parks District (left) and Stein Pedersen, a longtime
cyclist, co-owner of K&G Bike Center and member of the task force that wrote the
trails plan, take a walk on the proposed multipurpose trail at Iron Horse Park.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              372 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                     Coffs Coast Advocate (New South Wales)

                             May 15, 2013 Wednesday

New to the neighbourhood

SECTION: Pg. 5

LENGTH: 222  words


AUSTRALIA Post has unveiled a new community program that aims to promote
financial support, tools and resources to build healthier and more vibrant
living communities.

The Our Neighbourhood Community Grants of between $1000 and $25,000 will focus
on projects which maintain diverse communi- ties and inclusive workplaces that
value the contribution made by people from different backgrounds in their
respective neighbourhoods.

Australia Post managing director and CEO Ahmed Fahour said this was a perfect
opportunity to include every Australian neighbourhood.

"For over 200 years, we have helped communities connect with each other and
governments across the country connect with customers and citizens," Mr Fahour
said.

"Fostering more inclusive communities will be at the heart of Our Neighbourhood.

"It is our way of ensuring we provide continued support for communities to stay
connected, both physically and digitally."

This is an Australia Post first - a localised program that will provide people
with the financial support, tools and resources to help them build healthier,
more vibrant and inclusive communities.

Our Neighbourhood Community Grants are now open for applicants and will close on
Friday, June 28, at 5pm.

To apply say "hello" at ourneighbourhood.com.au or pick up an application kit at
any Australia Post retail outlet.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CCA


                    Copyright 2013 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              373 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Watertown Daily Times (New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 16, 2009 Sunday

Frontier Housing eyes expansion

BYLINE: Joanna Richards, Watertown Daily Times, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 515 words


Aug. 16--Frontier Housing Corp., Dexter, is taking steps to expand its services
from the town of Brownville into Hounsfield and Lyme, the organization's
executive director, Jill E. Evans, said Friday.

Frontier's mission is to facilitate community and economic development, usually
by focusing on housing preservation for low-income homeowners and renters. The
agency owns and manages several apartment complexes in Dexter and has been at
work on a $412,000 downtown revitalization project in the village of Brownville.

Municipalities and property owners often must contribute in-kind services or
matching funds for the grants Frontier secures, Ms. Evans said, so strong
partnerships with two more towns can help the agency "provide a broader variety
of services than what we currently offer."

Ms. Evans said she's met with the supervisors of both towns and has received
their support. She gave a presentation Tuesday to the Hounsfield Town Council.

"I think Frontier Housing can address another important need in the community,"
Hounsfield Supervisor Martin A. DelSignore said Friday. The tough economic times
make the availability of services even more important to "folks being able to
maintain and stay in their homes at affordable costs," he said.

Frontier hopes to have the necessary state paperwork and bylaw changes in place
so that services can be offered in the towns starting in January, Ms. Evans
said.

The decision to expand was a natural one, since the organization receives calls
every week from residents of both Lyme and Hounsfield looking for assistance
with issues like water and septic system problems and the repair of roofs,
insulation, windows and furnaces, she said.

Frontier's funding comes from grant programs of state agencies, such as the
Division of Housing and Community Renewal, and the agency frequently works with
other groups, such as the Jefferson County Department of Social Services, North
Country Affordable Housing and Neighbors of Watertown, to finance projects or
connect clients with services. That means the organization's expansion likely
will bring state dollars into those communities and help connect residents with
services beyond those Frontier provides..

"A lot of municipalities are unaware that there's funds available through the
Community Block Development Grants," Ms. Evans said. Those grants are awarded by
the federal Department of Housing and Urban Renewal.

"The project in Brownville is our first Main Street project," she added,
referring to the state program to increase the economic vitality of traditional
downtown districts. "I would like to see another Main Street project in the
village of Chaumont."

To see more of the Watertown Daily Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.watertowndailytimes.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Watertown Daily
Times, N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090816-WE-HOUSING-GROWTH-20090816

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WE


                      Copyright 2009 Watertown Daily Times


                              374 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 25, 2014 Thursday

Utah: Community Connect Broadband Grant Program

LENGTH: 287 words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor
USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines
Feb 17, 2015
Contact

Shawn Arner
Deputy Assistant
Phone: 202.720.0800
Purpose

The Community Connect Grant Program offers grants to applicants that will
provide currently unserved remote or rural areas with broadband service that
fosters economic growth and delivers enhanced educational, healthcare, and
public safety services.

Grant funds may be used to finance the following:

The construction, acquisition, or leasing of facilities, including spectrum,
land or buildings, used to deploy service at the Broadband Grant Speed to all
residential and business customers located within the Proposed Funded Service
Area
    The improvement, expansion, construction, or acquisition of a Community
Center and provision of Computer Access Points
    The cost of providing the necessary bandwidth for service free of charge to
the Critical Community Facilities for 2 years

Eligibility

Eligible entities include:

Incorporated organizations
    Indian tribes or tribal organizations
    State or local units of government
    Cooperatives, private corporations or limited liability companies organized
on a for-profit or not-for-profit basis.

Geographic coverage
Nationwide
Amount of funding

Award Ceiling: $3,000,000
Award Floor: $100,000
Application process

Links to the application and program guidance are available on the program
website.
Tagged as
Community development, Economic development, Emergency services, Health
information technology, Networking and collaboration, Schools, Telehealth

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              375 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 20, 2014 Saturday

Utah: Community Connect Broadband Grant Program

LENGTH: 287  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor
USDA Rural Utilities Service
Deadlines
Feb 17, 2015
Contact

Shawn Arner
Deputy Assistant
Phone: 202.720.0800
Purpose

The Community Connect Grant Program offers grants to applicants that will
provide currently unserved remote or rural areas with broadband service that
fosters economic growth and delivers enhanced educational, healthcare, and
public safety services.

Grant funds may be used to finance the following:

The construction, acquisition, or leasing of facilities, including spectrum,
land or buildings, used to deploy service at the Broadband Grant Speed to all
residential and business customers located within the Proposed Funded Service
Area
    The improvement, expansion, construction, or acquisition of a Community
Center and provision of Computer Access Points
    The cost of providing the necessary bandwidth for service free of charge to
the Critical Community Facilities for 2 years

Eligibility

Eligible entities include:

Incorporated organizations
    Indian tribes or tribal organizations
    State or local units of government
    Cooperatives, private corporations or limited liability companies organized
on a for-profit or not-for-profit basis.

Geographic coverage
Nationwide
Amount of funding

Award Ceiling: $3,000,000
Award Floor: $100,000
Application process

Links to the application and program guidance are available on the program
website.
Tagged as
Community development, Economic development, Emergency services, Health
information technology, Networking and collaboration, Schools, Telehealth

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              376 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            December 20, 2015 Sunday

HUD awards $2.6 million in Illinois

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 566 words


In an effort to help public housing and Housing Choice Voucher residents in
Illinois find jobs and improve their education, the U.S. Department of Housing
and Urban Development recently awarded $2.6 million to housing agencies across
the state through the Family Self-Sufficiency Program.

HUD's FSS Program promotes the development of local strategies to connect
Housing Choice Voucher recipients and families living in public housing with
public and private resources to increase earned income and financial literacy,
reduce or eliminate the need for welfare assistance, and make progress toward
economic independence and self-sufficiency.

Program participants sign a five-year contract that requires the head of
household to obtain employment and that no member of the participating family is
receiving cash welfare assistance at the end of the five-year term. An
interest-bearing escrow account is established by the public housing agency on
behalf of FSS participants.

The amount credited to the family's escrow account is based on increases in the
family's earned income during the term of the FSS contract. If the family
successfully completes its FSS contract, the family receives the escrow funds,
which can be used for any purpose, including improving credit scores, paying
educational expenses, or a down-payment on a home.

"These Family self-sufficient grants will help empower individuals and their
families to get them on a pathway toward prosperity to help them reach their
full-potential," said Antonio R. Riley, HUD Midwest Regional Administrator.

In 2014, Congress combined funding for the Public Housing FSS and Housing Choice
Voucher FSS programs into one program serving both populations. The grants
announced allow public housing agencies to work with social service agencies,
community colleges, businesses and other local partners to help public housing
residents and Housing Choice Voucher Program participants to increase their
education and/or gain marketable skills that will enable them to obtain
employment and advance in their current work.

"As the department of opportunity, HUD is helping to connect folks to jobs,"
said Riley. "Connecting people to job training and computer access, these grants
will link people to the tools they need to compete and succeed in the workplace
and become self-sufficient."

The FSS grant helps housing agencies hire service coordinators who work directly
with residents to connect them with programs and services that already exist in
the local community. Service coordinators also build relationships with the
network of local service providers so as to more effectively serve the
residents.

The program encourages innovative strategies that link public housing and
Housing Choice Voucher assistance with other resources to enable participating
families to find jobs, increase earned income, reduce or eliminate the need for
rental and welfare assistance, and make progress toward achieving economic
independence and self-sufficiency.

HUD's Office of Policy Development and Research issued a study in 2011 that
evaluated the effectiveness of the FSS Program. Conducted from 2005 to 2009, the
study showed that financial benefits are substantial for participants who remain
in and complete the program.

An earlier study found individuals who participated in the FSS program fared
better financially than those who did not enroll in the program.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              377 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             June 20, 2006 Tuesday
                          F2 Edition; McHenry Edition

Cary gets money to connect its pathways Park district wins grant to expand
trails that would link schools, library, golf club

BYLINE: Whitney Woodward, Daily Herald Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 449 words


Cary residents seeking to avoid road congestion and high gas prices by walking
may soon find their trips easier to make.

The park district received $408,000 in grant money to build 1.75 new miles of
paths and trails in the north part of Cary.

The amount was only half of what park district officials applied for last July.
Now they are narrowing the proposal's scope to make the most of the grant offer
before formally accepting it.

In the meantime, the park district is working on a new master plan that will
guide future development - including more trails.

"The trails - they really do create a lasting improvement in their particular
areas," said David Raica, director of planning and development.

The grant money will fund bike trails that will connect elementary schools, the
high school, the library and the Foxford Hills Golf Club with existing trails.

'The trails will really offer an opportunity for neighbors to live in community
with one another," Raica said.

The grant is funded by the Illinois Transportation Enhancement Program, which
gets money from the Federal Highway Bill and gasoline taxes. Many of the
program's grants go toward alternatives to driving.

The grants also require the recipients to match some of the award money. Raica
said he doesn't know how much the Cary Park District will have to pay, but that
it could be in the hundreds of thousands.

Despite the hefty bill, park officials said the trails are well worth the
expense.

"It's our hope that these trails will encourage people to walk some instead of
using their cars," Executive Director Steve Cherveny said. "This would give
(residents) something to do instead of staying indoors."

This year, there were 376 applications for $350 million in projects; only 105
projects received the $60 million in funding.

So, it comes as no surprise that the Cary Park District didn't receive
everything it asked for.

"Our project ranked very highly in the state," Raica said. "It wasn't everything
we wanted, but it will still be very beneficial."

Raica said trail construction would begin in early 2007 and be completed later
that year.

But before that, the district will reveal the results of a community survey that
details the needs residents see.

Right now, the park district has a list of 59 items that Cary residents said
they want.

The park district will present a more specific list at public meetings in August
or September, when officials will reveal their 10-year plan to guide the
direction of the park district.

"This survey has been a year in the making," Cherveny said.

"We're hoping that it will really provide (residents) with a snapshot of where
the park district is at, and where we're going."

wwoodward@dailyherald.com

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Cary Park District received a $408,000 grant to improve on its bike
path system by adding mileage on Cary's north side. The grant, once accepted by
the park district, will help pay for trails to connect this path at Cary-Grove
Park on Three Oaks Road with the high school, middle school and surrounding
neighborhoods. JOHN STARKS/jstarks@@dailyherald.com
Wish list for Cary Using the results from a community survey, the Cary Park
District is compiling a 10-year master plan for the district. These requests
were among the most popular: - Community center - Indoor sports complex - Indoor
and outdoor aquatics facilities - Cary-Grove Park improvement - Redevelopment of
Veterans Park - Continuing development of trail system Source: Cary Park
District

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              378 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   West Central Tribune (Willmar, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 22, 2012 Saturday

Rice Memorial Hospital in Willmar, Minn., launches three-year community wellness
initiative

BYLINE: Anne Polta, West Central Tribune, Willmar, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 468 words


Dec. 22--WILLMAR -- Rice Memorial Hospital will soon launch a three-year effort
to address obesity among adults and strengthen the hospital's role in community
health.

The hospital this month received a three-year, $475,000 grant from the George
Family Foundation for the Healthy Communities Partnership, a project in 13
cities in Minnesota and western Wisconsin to help community hospitals develop
capacity in preventing chronic disease. Co-sponsors are Allina Health and the
Penny George Institute for Health and Healing.

"This is a good opportunity for us to do some positive things and really make an
impact in the community," said Mike Schramm, chief executive of Rice Hospital.

The official kickoff for the grant was Dec. 14.

Hospitals have traditionally focused on treating acute illness and injury.

The Healthy Communities Partnership invites them to become involved farther
upstream, in prevention and wellness efforts that address lifestyle issues such
as physical inactivity, poor nutrition, alcohol use and tobacco use. The
initiative also provides new opportunities for hospitals to become more involved
at the community level as a wellness leader.

During the first few months of 2013, Rice Hospital will begin screening adult
participants for obesity and ask them to complete an online health risk
assessment.

The screenings will lead to interventions that connect these individuals to
existing local resources that address obesity.

"This is not intended to duplicate other initiatives and other activities going
on in and around the community," Schramm said. "It's meant to be the glue that
binds things together."

Wendy Ulferts, chief nursing officer at Rice, said the hospital is looking for a
diverse cross-section of participants.

Local support for the effort will be important in helping define the hospital's
most effective role in community wellness, she said.

A stakeholder group made up of local government, clinic, public health and
wellness leaders has been meeting for the past few months to lay the groundwork,
she said. "There has been very good interaction."

With the grant now officially in place, one of the next steps will be to hire
staff -- a wellness coordinator who will oversee the program and at least one
wellness care guide who will work with participants to connect them the
resources they need.

"We're looking to hire staff before the end of the year," Ulferts said.

One of the goals will be to leverage local resources to help keep the initiative
going once the three-year grant period runs out, Schramm said.

"We're going to try and make as best use we can of these dollars," he said. "Our
goal is to make sure this is sustainable."

___ (c)2012 West Central Tribune (Willmar, Minn.) Visit West Central Tribune
(Willmar, Minn.) at www.wctrib.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121222-YM-Rice-Memorial-Hospital-in-Willmar-Minn-launches-20121222

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YM


                      Copyright 2012 West Central Tribune


                              379 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            October 30, 2015 Friday

Governor McCrory Announces Grant to Expand Mental Health Supervision Program for
Probationers

LENGTH: 504  words


Governor Pat McCrory announced today the Division of Adult Correction and
Juvenile Justice has received a $679,000 grant award to expand a specialty
mental health probation pilot program to Brunswick, McDowell, Guilford,
Mecklenburg, Orange and Durham counties. The grant comes from the U.S.
Department of Justices (USDOJ) Bureau of Justice Assistance Smart Supervision
program.

This pilot program holds the promise of reducing substance use and recidivism,
Governor McCrory said. This program will train probation and parole officers to
better handle clients with mental health challenges and connect them to
community programs that will help them lead productive lives.

In this pilot program, the state probation system has been working with the UNC
School of Social Work and the N.C. Department of Health and Human Services to
train probation officers to supervise caseloads of probationers and parolees
with mental illness, substance use and personality disorders.

"The training and experience we have received through this pilot program has
proven invaluable in helping us effectively supervise an underserved population
with unique risks and needs, said Ed Mazyck, a Sampson County probation/parole
officer currently working in the pilot program. By better understanding these
severe and persistent mental illnesses, we are able to identify and connect
probationers to the community programs and resources that are necessary to
reduce their chances of reoffending. Even after a relatively short amount of
time, we have noticed a reduction in substance abuse, improved adherence to
treatment, and fewer probation violations."

The majority of funding from the grant will be used to provide specialized
training and clinical supervision to probation officers carrying caseloads of
offenders with mental illnesses. It will also support cross-systems training and
development of collaborative partnerships between probation officers, community
mental health providers and the Justice Innovation Team at N.C. DHHS, as well as
a study of the program and its impact on recidivism and mental health outcomes
for probationers.

This grant complements others recently secured by the North Carolina Department
of Public Safety (NCDPS) as part of efforts to reduce recidivism among its
offender populations.

A $1.75 million grant from the USDOJ Bureau of Justice Assistance will help
expand the reforms begun as part of the Justice Reinvestment Initiative by
further integrating evidence based practices into programming in state prisons
and enhancing transitional services for inmates as they prepare to leave prison.
Another grant of $1.1 million from USDOJ will provide improved reintegration of
juvenile offenders into the community.

In March, NCDPS was one of five agencies selected to receive technical
assistance from the Vera Institute of Justice through its Safe Alternatives to
Segregation Initiative aimed at reducing the use of solitary confinement and
other forms of segregated prisoner housing. 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              380 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            February 1, 2013 Friday

Heinz Endowments target sewer systems

BYLINE: by RICK WILLS

LENGTH: 347 words


The Heinz Endowments gave $31,000 to encourage municipalities to incorporate
green technology into their plans to prevent sanitary sewers from overflowing
during storms.

Announcement of the grant Thursday came days after the Allegheny County Sanitary
Authority asked federal authorities to allow it 18 months to consider adding
green infrastructure to its $2 billion plan to prevent excessive rain from
entering sewers.

The grant goes to the Congress of Neighboring Communities, or Connect, an
initiative based at the University of Pittsburgh that promotes cooperation
between the city of Pittsburgh and 36 neighboring municipalities.

Connect will work with 3 Rivers Wet Weather, the Pennsylvania Environmental
Council and the Clean Rivers Campaign to reach out to elected officials in the
83 municipalities the sewer authority Alcosan serves.

"This will help the organizations that have been working on this issue talk to
the many communities served by Alcosan. Things are changing and that message
about green technology will get out," said Kathy Risko, Connect's executive
director.

Green technology makes use of rain gardens, porous pavement, green roofs and
wetlands to stop large amounts of runoff water from entering sanitary systems.

The municipalities Alcosan serves are developing wet-weather plans for the
Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection; the plans are due by July
31.

"This is a critical time since the municipal plans are due this summer," said
John Schombert, executive director of 3 Rivers Wet Weather.

"The primary cause of pollutants entering the rivers is wet weather," said David
Y. Miller, founder and adviser to Connect, director of Pitt's Center for
Metropolitan Studies and a professor in Pitt's Graduate School of Public and
International Affairs.

Rain that ends up in sewers also wastes resources, he said.

"The treatment plant has to treat clean water that was made dirty by virtue of
getting into the system," he said.

Rick Wills is a staff writer for Trib Total Media. He can be reached at
412-320-7944 or at rwills@tribweb.com

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              381 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Public Opinion (Chambersburg, Pennsylvania)

                           February 27, 2010 Saturday

$550K grant will connect roads via bridge in Washington Township

BYLINE: By ROSCOE BARNES III Staff writer

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 422 words


A $500,000 state grant approved for Washington Township means its Washington
Township Boulevard Bridge will no longer be known as the bridge to nowhere,
according to Township Supervisor Elaine Gladhill.

"Now it will be known as the bridge to somewhere," she said Friday. "It can lead
to a lot of economic development, and will be the key to help us get to Pa. 997
and Pa. 316 with traffic and businesses."

Gladhill was commenting on Friday's press conference by state Sen. Rich Alloway,
R-Chambersburg. He announced approval of the grant by the Pennsylvania
Department of Community and Economic Development as part of the Economic Growth
and Development Assistance Program.

The grant is something that was started by the late state Sen. Terry Punt,
Gladhill said: "This is a grant that Sen. Punt had been working on before his
retirement. This was memorable. Alloway kept it on the front burner for the
township. They came through."

The money will be used to complete and pay for the construction of the township
bridge that will eventually connect Country Club Road with North Welty Road, and
Pa. 16 and Old Forge Road. According to township officials, the project will
connect the residential properties north of Waynesboro with the proposed new
commercial developments along the boulevard near the Lowe's and Wal-Mart retail
outlets.

Alloway said in a press statement that the project would help to reduce traffic
congestion and support economic growth in the region. He said the commercial
areas could provide employment to as many as 1,000 people and act as a catalyst
to restart economic development in the greater Waynesboro area.

"The Washington Township Boulevard project is one of the most important
transportation initiatives in the greater Waynesboro area, and I am very
thankful that we were able to secure funding for this vital local priority," he
said. "By improving access and reducing congestion in and around our local
communities, we can help to promote new economic development projects in the
region."

Gladhill said that as a township supervisor, she really feels good about the
grant: "With grants being far and few between in the southern part of
Pennsylvania, I am elated about this grant."

Friday's press conference was held in the meeting room of Washington Township.
Business and government leaders from across the county and state attended the
event, along with a representative from the office of Congressman Bill Shuster,
according to Gladhill. Punt's daughter, Erin Punt, and her son also attended,
Gladhill said.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2010 Public Opinion
                              All Rights Reserved


                              382 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Chronicle (Centralia, Washington)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 13, 2015 Tuesday

Project Homeless Connect to Offer Services

BYLINE: Justyna Tomtas, The Chronicle, Centralia, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 519 words


Jan. 13--In an effort to help the homeless in Lewis County connect with services
and assistance, the Chehalis Community Services Office will host an event that
will connect the population with a helping hand.

Project Homeless Connect, an annual event for the homeless, will take place on
Thursday, Jan. 29, at the Southwest Washington Fairgrounds. In its eighth year,
the day is also when the county will conduct its annual homeless count. The
count is a national requirement and helps establish grants and funding for a
variety of services to the homeless.

Megan Pickus, a committee member, said the day shows the homeless they have
support within the community.

"It's just to make sure we have as much available as possible to help them out
for that day, and to let them know it's not just that one day, there are people
in the community willing to help throughout the year," she said.

The event will offer a free spaghetti lunch provided by Jesus Name Pentecostal
Church, and representatives from a plethora of agencies will be on hand to
assist for free. The Human Response Network, Mental Health Services, the Lewis
County Shelter Program and Veterans Services will be available, among others.

There will also be free showers, food, haircuts and clothing for those who need
it. New this year, the event will offer a family photo booth so people can
capture their change once they are showered, and provided with a haircut and
attire. Pickus said oftentimes the homeless move around too much and don't have
many photos. The booth will give them the opportunity to have a memento.

Last year, Pickus said, the homeless count was 179, a number that remains stable
throughout the area.

Cathy Pickus, a coordinator of the event, said typically 30 volunteers come out
to help during the day-long event. Most of the items given are donated or
purchased through grant funding.

"It's important for the community to let the homeless people know we are there
for them. Even if they might not have anything, there are people who can help
them," she said.

In order to bring people from outside of the Twin Cities, free rides are offered
from east county and other areas to make sure everyone is able to attend.

The goal is not only to connect those in attendance with services, but the
ultimate mission is to help put a stop to homelessness in the county.

"The fewer people who are homeless, the better. We want to end homelessness in
Lewis County," Pickus said.

She said the event should provide those who attend a chance to leave
rejuvenated, motivated and hopefully moving in the right direction. She hopes
people garner momentum from the event, and their new look, to go look for jobs
in the area.

"I just think it's important to be aware that we have neighbors in need, that
there are homeless in this community," Megan said. "People might not always see
it or choose to overlook it, but it's important for people to know they have a
safe place to sleep or can get something warm to wear."

___ (c)2015 The Chronicle (Centralia, Wash.) Visit The Chronicle (Centralia,
Wash.) at www.chronline.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150113-1CE-Project-Homeless-Connect-to-Offer-Services-0113-20150113

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CE


                          Copyright 2015 The Chronicle


                              383 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                            April 12, 2012, Thursday

Frontier addresses concerns

BYLINE: DAVE BOUCHER, DAILY MAIL STAFF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P3C

LENGTH: 647 words


Frontier Communications is tasked with plugging gaps in accessibility to
high-speed Internet for schools and other community groups in West Virginia
through a $126 million national grant.

Wednesday, it tried to bridge the communication gap with the state Board of
Education after recent criticism.

Several officials from Frontier spoke at the state board meeting to, in the
words of southeast region president Ken Arndt, "assure you we can fulfill our
commitment."

Board members, specifically Michael Green, had questioned the company's ability
to successfully provide broadband Internet to all schools in need by the agreed
upon January 2013 timeline.

Green and board member Dr. William White criticized the company for not
communicating its progress and not clearly explaining what it is doing at each
school to provide Internet service. The board was also upset to discover
Frontier was only committed to provide the infrastructure to connect to
high-speed Internet, but not the actual Internet service itself.

Frontier admitted in late 2011 that it had fallen behind its goals. After
implementing a mitigation plan that provided a new timeline for completion,
progress has remained ahead of schedule, Jimmy Gianato, a member of the grant
implementation team, told the Daily Mail in March.

Dana Waldo, the senior vice president and manager for Frontier in West Virginia,
Wednesday told the board Frontier is committed to providing more information on
its progress and more connectivity to schools.

He promised that Frontier will assign an administrator to work solely with the
board of education to update the board on implementation progress and answer any
questions. Waldo wasn't sure who that person would be yet, but Arndt thought it
would be decided by the end of next week.

"We want to be a partner," Waldo said, for which Green commended him. "There is
nothing more important in this state than education."

Frontier's commitment to connectivity is vast, and goes beyond providing the
capability to connect to high-speed Internet for schools, explained Frontier
engineer Mark McKenzie. McKenzie, charged with implementation of the Broadband
Technology Opportunity Program grant in West Virginia, reported there are more
than 600 "community anchors" that will receive the infrastructure necessary to
connect to faster Internet.

There are 192 schools among those anchors, the highest portion of any community
category, he said.

Of those, 81 sites have been "completed," McKenzie said: the infrastructure
needed for the school to connect to broadband Internet is installed, with
another 37 in the construction process. There are 36 schools where fiber-optic
cables have been taken to the school but the buildings have not yet installed
the equipment necessary to hook up to that cable.

There are 35 schools awaiting approval of engineering plans by state
environmental agencies, and three others still in the engineering phase.

Frontier is ahead of schedule for the miles of fiber-optic cable it plans to
build, McKenzie added. Of the 280 miles planned for schools - 51 percent of the
total miles for the grant program - Frontier has completed 43 percent of the
miles. McKenzie did not say how far ahead of schedule this is, but a chart he
provided shows the project is within a few miles of the planned progress.

Every Frontier official who spoke said they were confident the company would
finish its construction in the next few months, within the January 2013
deadline.

Green said he appreciated their presence at the meeting, but that it's going to
take continued increased communication in the future in order to properly
address connectivity issues.

"We know this is hard, we know places (are going to have) gaps," Green said. "We
want to work together to find them."

Contact writer Dave Boucher at 304-348-4843 or david.boucher@ dailymail.com.
Follow him at www.twitter.com/Dave_Boucher1.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Charleston Newspapers


                              384 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                   Roll Call

                              June 26, 2006 Monday

Anacostia Progress Report;
Waterfront Corp. CEO Recounts Seven Months of Change

BYLINE: Elizabeth Brotherton, ROLL CALL STAFF

SECTION: AROUND THE HILL

LENGTH: 2300 words


Adrian Washington entered his role as president and CEO of the Anacostia
Waterfront Corp. in December 2005. The quasi-government group is in charge of
overseeing the Anacostia Waterfront Initiative, a 25-year plan to revitalize the
areas surrounding the long-neglected Anacostia River. Roll Call sat down with
Washington to discuss what the corporation has accomplished in recent months and
what lies ahead, including plans for the future Washington Nationals baseball
stadium, Southwest Waterfront and the Anacostia River itself.

ROLL CALL REPORTER ELIZABETH BROTHERTON: So how has it gone so far? What have
you gotten done?

ANACOSTIA WATERFRONT CORP. CEO ADRIAN WASHINGTON: Well, it's great. I think it's
been very exciting. I think we've focused on organizational building. When I got
here, I think there were maybe about 10 people on staff. Now, we're pretty much
at full strength, at around 30 people. So, we've hired a number of people at all
levels of the organization. We've brought in an executive vice president, a
general counsel, legislative support, a number of project managers. I think that
was the real focus.

In terms of project areas, what we've done is that we have selected developers
to work with us in the area around the baseball stadium, we've executed
agreements with them. We submitted a plan just recently for solving the problem
of above-ground parking on the stadium, so we worked with ... developers to do
that. ... In the area of the Southwest Waterfront, we initiated a developer
selection process. We have come down to the final five developers, and we are
interviewing those next week, and we expect to reach the agreement with the
master developer for the site by the end of the summer.

On the Reservation 13, the Hill East neighborhood, we have put together plans to
begin demolition and site preparation. ... That demolition will start later this
year, and we will also be building an extension of Massachusetts Avenue that
will go into that site, so we'll be working on that. On the East side of the
[Anacostia] river in the Parkside neighborhood, we have coordinated efforts of
developers there on a planned unit development for over 2,000 units of housing
and about a million square feet of office there. We're also working with the
Department of Transportation and [Washington Metropolitan Area Transit
Authority] to build a pedestrian [bridge] across Kenilworth Avenue to connect
the Metro station to the planned development.

In the area of Poplar Point, we have initiated our master planning process that
is mandated by the Congressional land-transfer bill. So we've begun designing
what will go there on the 110-acre site. It'll be a combination of open-space as
well as commercial and residential development there. And we are also hoping to
break ground, probably in early 2007, on [Washington] Canal Park, a park that is
right here next to our headquarters on M Street that will be a state-of-the-art,
ecologically sustainable park. It will be a really neat amount of green space
here, and it will help connect Capitol Hill residents to the Waterfront. (Looks
at aide) Did I forget anything?

ROLL CALL: There's a lot going on.

WASHINGTON: We also ... have worked in conjunction with Mayor [Anthony] Williams
to help move the federal land-transfer bill. We've had a number of meetings with
Congressmen, Senators, their staffers, committee staffers to educate them in
what we're doing at AWC, and to help encourage them to move the bill forward.

ROLL CALL: To move off of that point, do you think that Members of Congress have
been pretty open to what you've been doing over here? Pretty welcoming, easy to
work with?

WASHINGTON: I think that many of them, I think the ones that we have talked to,
the ones we have shared our plans with, have been very open and very supportive.
But I think though, and that this is just a general sense of relationships
between the Congress and city, I think there's still a lot of sort of lack of
information. There's a lot of misconceptions. ... Some of the Representatives
and Senators know a lot about what's going on in D.C., but you know, others
don't. And so, I think that we have really pushed our educational programs
forward and have taught a lot, but I think there's still a lot of outreach we
need to do. ...

ROLL CALL: You talked a little bit about working with the community, and there's
been a lot of talk about will people get displaced because of all this
development. How are you working with residents and community groups to ease
those concerns?

WASHINGTON: Well, a couple of ways. One, I think we are very fortunate in that
the land that the AWC will be building on is almost entirely vacant land ... .
So, we are very fortunate in that we are able to build these great communities
without displacing current residents. Secondly, we have very high standards for
affordable housing. We want to have mixed-income communities that are not just
communities that are high end, but are communities that will bring in a mix of
incomes. So we work very hard with our developers and other financing sources to
make sure that there will be space for people of all incomes in our communities.

Finally, in terms of outreaching to neighborhoods beyond those directly that we
are building, we have a substantial program of outreach. We have a grants
program that provides grants to community groups, particularly those that serve
to connect young people to the river. So, we have a $200,000 grant program that
we've been able to partner with another organization, so we actually have over
$400,000 to grants this year. And .... [we are] partnering with local
businesses. We have a mentorship program, which we sort of match the large
developers with the smaller ones. We encourage those in our solicitation, in
terms of the direct contracting we do. We have a goal of a minimum of 35 percent
of contracts that must go to small and local businesses, and we hire those
directly. So we do a number of different things, because we want to be sort of
more than just building bricks and mortar. We want to be about encouraging
communities to develop. We want to connect those communities to the waterfront.

We really want to transfer a lot of the wealth that is being created on the west
side of the river to the east side of the river, and we work very hard on that.

ROLL CALL: What's going to really draw people to live down there? I know you are
building lots of condos, but there are condos going up all over the city. How is
this area really going to be a draw?

WASHINGTON: I think the most obvious answer is the draw of the waterfront. If
you really look at any of the great cities in the world, people are drawn to the
views of the waterfront, the natural beauty of it, to the amenities. So, we are
building, for instance, a river-walk trail system that will go from one end of
the river to the other on both sides. There will be places where people can
bike, where they can hike, where they can run along the trail. We are going to
be building piers. ... If you've got a boat, you can dock your boat there. Or if
you just want to take a walk along it, you know, you can do that.

And also, we are building great amenities in terms of retail, great restaurants,
bars, live entertainment venues. We want to create a place that has both the
natural beauty of the waterfront but also has sort of the live entertainment.
Just fun places to go shop, eat on the waterfront. So we really think it is
going to be really the great place in D.C. to be at, and we think that will draw
people to come either live there full time or to come down and visit.

ROLL CALL: How hard is it to get some of the higher-end retailers to come down
and take a chance on the waterfront? None of this is concrete yet.

WASHINGTON: I think we're in the early stages of doing that. I think that
clearly there's some areas, like for instance the Southwest Waterfront, that we
think will just be a slam-dunk. Clearly, that's the area where there's already a
high concentration of residents, both moderate-income and high-income, already
living there. We think that's an area that's really underserved by retail. It's
really just steps from the National Mall, and so we think that is a place that's
a slam-dunk. Now, the area around the baseball stadium, again we think we have a
natural anchor there in terms of baseball. We think that right now, the area
doesn't look pretty at all, but I think with the stadium actually under
construction and financed, that's something retailers can look to and know is
actually going to happen, and as we work with other developers around there, I
think again it is an area underserved by retail and as those plans come forward,
I think we are able to bring them in as well.

Other areas, particularly east of the river, will be more of a challenge. You've
got to really convince retailers. They're naturally conservative, they naturally
want to see things built out. But I think we can show them. You know there are
success stories, in many other areas ... where retailers didn't want to go into
urban areas, and yet once they finally went in there and got convinced and set
up, then they found some profitable outlets. So we think there are stories to
tell, and we work very hard in conjunction with other parts of the District
government to do that. I think D.C. has really shown its potential as a great
retail market, so I think we'll be successful.

ROLL CALL: Can you talk a little bit more about baseball? Obviously, that's the
big thing that everyone's talking about right now. When are people going to see
shops going up and things like that?

WASHINGTON: Well, we think that there's sort of a couple of phases. Obviously,
the stadium itself was the first thing out of the box, and it's on a very fast
track. It's going to open in the spring of '08, and so we think there will be
some shops and restaurants associated directly with the stadium that will open
at that time. But I think the bulk of other types of things will come on
probably the year after at. So I think in the first season there will not be a
lot of shopping amenities, but I think by '09, there will be a lot of things
coming on.

ROLL CALL: What sort of things will be in that area? A lot of restaurants? There
has been a lot of talk of making it sort of like the area by the ... Verizon
Center.

WASHINGTON: I think that's a very good model of what you'll see. You'll see
obviously a large contingent of restaurants that will appeal to people coming to
the area before a game, and having a meal and after the game coming out and
having a drink. I think there will be a lot of that. I think, again, similar to
the area around the Verizon Center, there will be sort of a mix of, you know,
moderate size retailers ... places like Linens-N-Things and Best Buy - and I'm
just saying those names - but places like that, that appeal to shoppers who are
more into urban-style-type goods, consumer goods, things like that. I think
there will be neighborhood serving retailers. I think there will be, for
instance, a CVS, a hardware store, a dry cleaners, things like that, that will
appeal to people who are actually living in the neighborhood. And I think there
will be a mix of other types of stores as well.

ROLL CALL: How in the long term do you keep people interested in this project?
Obviously, this is a 25-year plan. So how do you keep the momentum going?

WASHINGTON: I think that that is really one of the reasons that AWC was created.
I think, as you said, it's a long-term plan. It's very complex. It has all the
complexities of a regular development, and plus there's special complexities of
waterfront development, there's special complexities of interaction with
Congress, with the executive branch, things like the Army Corps of Engineers,
for instance. And it's also complex in that there are many industrial uses by
the waterfront that need to be moved off for development there.

So I think that in order to keep that long-term focus, and in order to take all
these different elements and tie them all together, I think AWC is actually
critical to that. I think that me, and all of my staff, are putting very much
into it. I mean, we are very passionate about it. We work very hard. We just
come in every day to a new challenge, and we just work to overcome it. So, I
think ... being focused in what we do here, I think we are the driver for
getting it done. I think if it wasn't for an organization like AWC, it would be
extremely hard to plow through all the challenges, keep the momentum going and
keep a long-term focus. And also keep a focus on the entire waterfront, and not
just sort of having one thing here, but not have a balance over there.

ROLL CALL: Is part of that coming and cleaning up the river? Are there efforts
to get environmental work done in there?

WASHINGTON: Absolutely. I mean, we are on the verge now of hiring our first
environmental coordinator. We think that there are a number of initiatives that
we can do. I already talked about having the high standard of environmentally
sustainable buildings. ... I think we are also working with other agencies in
the city, the new department of environment, the water and sewer authority is
obviously key to that. And then going beyond that, I think we want to coordinate
the work, and work with a number of groups who have been doing this for a number
of years, like the Anacostia Watershed Society, obviously national groups like
the Sierra Club, to help sort of have focus on the Anacostia Watershed. I think
as most people know, the vast number of pollutants in the Anacostia actually
come upstream in the watershed. So we actually want to reach out to groups in
Maryland, to national groups, and really have a combined effort to really push
the environmental cleanup of the river.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 Roll Call, Inc.


                              385 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                          November 30, 2011 Wednesday

Oklahoma finalists selected for Cox challenge

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 342  words


Cox Communications and the Cox Connects Foundation have selected 40 finalists -
20 in Tulsa and 20 in Oklahoma City - for the second annual Cox Connects
Community Challenge.

The 20 finalists in each city will compete for $10,000 grants through online
voting and public casting ballots.

Voting will continue through Dec. 11. Votes can be cast at
www.facebook.com/coxoklahoma and www.coxconnectsok.com or by ballot at any Cox
Solutions Store. The winners in Oklahoma City and Tulsa will be announced on
Dec. 13.

The finalists in each city were determined by the Cox Connects Foundation
Advisory Council, a group of employees who determine how all Cox Connects
Foundation funds are awarded to nonprofit agencies in Oklahoma. The finalists
were selected from a pool of agencies that have received funds from the Cox
Connects Foundation since its inception.

Oklahoma City finalists are Allied Arts, Big Brothers Big Sisters of Oklahoma,
BritVil Community Food Pantry, Calm Waters, CASA of Oklahoma County, Central
Oklahoma Habitat for Humanity, Children's Center, Girl Scouts-Western Oklahoma,
Infant Crisis Services, Meals on Wheels of Norman, National Multiple Sclerosis
Society OK Chapter, New View Oklahoma, Prevent Blindness Oklahoma, Rainbow Fleet
Child Care Resource and Referral, Rebuilding Together OKC, Regional Food Bank of
Oklahoma, Special Care, Special Olympics Oklahoma, Sunbeam Family Services and
Youth Services for Oklahoma County.

Tulsa finalists are Assistance League of Tulsa, Child Abuse Network, Community
Food Bank of Eastern Oklahoma, Domestic Violence Intervention Services, Family &
Children's Services, Iron Gate at Trinity, John 3:16 Mission, Kendall Whittier
Inc., Kiwanis Club of Tulsa Foundation, Life Senior Services, Mental Health
Association in Tulsa, Operation Aware of Oklahoma, Philbrook Museum of Art, Sand
Springs Community Services, Signature Symphony at Tulsa Community College, The
Parent Child Center, Tulsa Air and Space Museum & Planetarium, Tulsa CASA Inc.,
Tulsa Day Center for the Homeless and Tulsa Library Trust.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              386 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            August 3, 2011 Wednesday
                                  All Editions

Noteworthy

SECTION: Pg. C5

LENGTH: 996 words


Beth Churchill, a Tim Hortons Cafe & Bake Shop team member at Tim Hortons on
Broadway in Bangor, is the latest recipient of a $1,000 Tim Hortons scholarship
awarded for her commitment to giving back to the community. The scholarship will
be presented at 10 a.m. Aug. 10, at the restaurant.

The scholarship recognizes restaurant team members, as well as their children or
grandchildren, who believe in giving back to their community through volunteer
work and have plans to pursue postsecondary education.

This is the second year Churchill has won the Team Tim Hortons Scholarship.

A student at New England School of Communications in Bangor focusing on
marketing and communications, Churchill hopes to work for a nonprofit
organization in the future.

Churchill said her time spent at Tim Hortons has built up her confidence and
ability to work well on a team and that the scholarship has allowed her to be
more involved in the college's programs rather than holding a part-time job
during the school year.

Pen Bay Healthcare of Rockport has announced that Judi Trenholm, director of
volunteer services for Pen Bay Medical Center, was presented the Director of
Volunteer Excellence Award by the Maine Society Directors of Healthcare
Volunteer Services.

The award recognizes a director of volunteers who demonstrates leadership
qualities at the local, state, regional or national levels and in the management
and use of volunteers in his or her institution.

Trenholm received the award in June at the 21st annual Professional Societies
Recognition Luncheon during the Maine Hospital Association Summer Forum at the
Samoset Resort.

"Judi has always been recognized for her creativity and leadership abilities
within Pen Bay Healthcare, and I am so pleased that her state professional
association has also recognized her for hermany contributions and advocacy for
volunteer programs within health care," said Tom Girard, vice president of Pen
Bay human resources.

One of her especially creative projects was the "Pasta Challenge" at Pen Bay to
create interest and awareness of the accomplishments of the volunteers.

She filled a display case with nearly 10,000 pieces of pasta, which represented
the number of hours volunteers contributed to the hospital. Employees and
community members were eligible to win a gift certificate at the hospital gift
shop if they could guess the number of pasta pieces in the display and the
number of hours volunteers contributed.

For more information on volunteer opportunities at Pen Bay Medical Center, visit
pbmc.org/volunteer or contact Trenholm at 596-8553 or
jtrenholm@penbayhealthcare.org

Lin Lufkin has been presented the Charles F. Bragg II Rotary Club of Bangor
Leadership Award, the club's highest honor.

Having served in the military and as a civil engineer with Cianbro and Nickerson
& O'Day, Lufkin has been a Rotarian since 1996, a Paul Harris Fellow since the
late '90s and was president of the club from 2001 to 2002.

A member of the University of Maine Francis Crowe Society, he volunteers for
Habitat for Humanity, the Camden Public Library, the Bangor Public Library and
many other nonprofits.

The Bragg Award recognizes members for leadership and service to the club and
the community.

The Maine Commission for Community Service, in partnership with Time Warner
Cable's "Connect a Million Minds" initiative, recently awarded two $1,000 grants
for STEM (science, technology, engineering and mathematics) service-learning
project curriculum to be implemented in the fall.

Recipients of the grants were Vanda Madore of Caribou High School and Jennifer
Turnbull, director of the Clifford Performing Arts Center for RSU 3 in
Thorndike.

Time Warner Cable launched Connect a Million Minds to introduce youth to
opportunities and resources that inspire them to develop the important science,
technology, engineering and math skills they need to become the problem solvers
of tomorrow.

The Maine Commission for Community Service builds capacity and sustainability in
Maine's volunteer and service communities by funding programs, developing
managers of volunteers and service-learning practitioners, raising awareness of
sector issues and promoting service as a strategy.

To learn more about the Maine Commission for Community Service, visit
www.maineservicecommission.gov.

Lin Lufkin has been presented the Charles F. Bragg II Rotary Club of Bangor
Leadership Award, the club's highest honor.

Having served in the military and as a civil engineer with Cianbro and Nickerson
& O'Day, Lufkin has been a Rotarian since 1996, a Paul Harris Fellow since the
late '90s and was president of the club from 2001 to 2002.

A member of the University of Maine Francis Crowe Society, he volunteers for
Habitat for Humanity, the Camden Public Library, the Bangor Public Library and
many other nonprofits.

The Bragg Award recognizes members for leadership and service to the club and
the community.

The Maine Commission for Community Service, in partnership with Time Warner
Cable's "Connect a Million Minds" initiative, recently awarded two $1,000 grants
for STEM (science, technology, engineering and mathematics) service-learning
project curriculum to be implemented in the fall.

Recipients of the grants were Vanda Madore of Caribou High School and Jennifer
Turnbull, director of the Clifford Performing Arts Center for RSU 3 in
Thorndike.

Time Warner Cable launched Connect a Million Minds to introduce youth to
opportunities and resources that inspire them to develop the important science,
technology, engineering and math skills they need to become the problem solvers
of tomorrow.

The Maine Commission for Community Service builds capacity and sustainability in
Maine's volunteer and service communities by funding programs, developing
managers of volunteers and service-learning practitioners, raising awareness of
sector issues and promoting service as a strategy.

To learn more about the Maine Commission for Community Service, visit
www.maineservicecommission.gov.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Bangor Daily News


                              387 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Muskogee Phoenix (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 18, 2014 Friday

Coody Creek Trail plan getting grant

BYLINE: E.I. Hillin, Muskogee Phoenix, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 449 words


July 18--AIM Infrastructure Committee members discussed new plans to connect the
proposed Coody Creek Trail and Centennial Trail during a meeting Thursday.

"We just got grant agreement approval," said Muskogee Parks and Recreation
Director Mark Wilkerson. "Now we can begin to finalize construction drawings and
get it out to bid."

Doug Walton, committee chairman, said the grant that was approved requested
$160,000 and the total budget of the project is $300,000. The trail will connect
at South 10th Street and West Kalamazoo Avenue.

"We are going to try to go up 10th Street," Wilkerson said. "We found out that
the property was available because it was county owned and they were condemned
lots."

Committee members were excited to hear the news because that location has become
known as a trash dumping site.

"There are no homes on that street," Wilkerson said. "So that street would be
our trail, basically."

AIM committee members also discussed adopting a "Complete Streets" policy.
"Complete Streets" is a concept that streets are for everyone, not just
vehicles, and by changing the approach to street and community road
construction, the community as a whole will be a safer, better place to live.

"Street projects, construction projects will take in account all users," Walton
said.

The initiative has been adopted in some form in more than 200 communities
including Seattle, Nashville, and Tulsa.

The city will develop in a positive way by including pedestrians, bicyclists,
and transit users during planning, Walton said.

"You end up with a safer, more accessible community because all the street
projects are not just thinking about vehicle transportation," he said.

The Cherokee Nation donated 15 bicycle racks to the Muskogee Wellness Initiative
to be used in sites selected by the committee.

"The racks have been procured and are basically ready for installation," Walton
said.

The committee members discussed possible location sites for the racks, but
nothing has been confirmed at this time.

"There are approximately 12 small racks and three larger, nine-bike racks,"
Walton said.

In addition to the connection site for the Coody Trail project, a dog park will
be put in at the trail head on South Second Street.

"It also includes a dog park on the trail end near Main Street," Wilkerson said.
"They've already requested to do a community garden there."

The next community infrastructure subcommittee meeting will be held at 4 p.m.
Aug. 21 at the Muskogee Public Library.

Reach E.I. Hillin at (918) 684-2926 or ehillin@muskogeephoenix.com

___ (c)2014 the Muskogee Phoenix (Muskogee, Okla.) Visit the Muskogee Phoenix
(Muskogee, Okla.) at muskogeephoenix.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140718-XK-Coody-Creek-Trail-plan-getting-grant-0718-20140718

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XK


                        Copyright 2014 Muskogee Phoenix


                              388 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            November 10, 2013 Sunday

Technology grants open to Deming classrooms

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 433 words


ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. >> CenturyLink, Inc. (NYSE: CTL) is connecting teachers with
technology for the classroom. The CenturyLink Clarke M. Williams Foundation's
Teachers and Technology grant program, administered by Innovate + Educate today,
opened the application process for teachers in CenturyLink's local service areas
who want to innovatively implement technology in their classrooms to increase
student achievement.

Visithttp://innovate-educate.org/centurylinkgrant to learn more about the
program or apply for a grant. The deadline for applications is Jan. 10, 2014.

"As school budgets tighten, more and more teachers are looking for alternative
ways to enhance the learning experience for their students, and we are happy to
make the CenturyLink Teachers and Technology program available to them," said
Valerie Dodd, CenturyLink vice president and general manager for New Mexico.
"CenturyLink's vision is to improve people's lives by delivering advanced
technologies, and we are proud to support teachers who creatively leverage
technology to improve their students' learning experiences."

"Innovate+Educate applauds CenturyLink's vision to connect teachers to
technology," said Jamai Blivin, CEO of Innovate+Educate. "Research has shown the
positive impact that technology in the classroom has on engaging students in
learning. In addition, technology is a critical skill that students must have to
remain competitive in the global society we live in. These grants are a great
benefit to schools in New Mexico, and on behalf of students across the State, we
thank CenturyLink for their generosity."

CenturyLink service is neither required nor considered in the review of
applications.

The Foundation will award more than $1.4 million in grants to support technology
in the classroom through the 2013-2014 Teachers and Technology program, offered
throughout the company's service areas in the U.S. CenturyLink Foundation

CenturyLink's vision is to improve lives, strengthen businesses and connect
communities by delivering advanced technologies and solutions with honest and
personal service. CenturyLink extends this vision through the CenturyLink Clarke
M. Williams Foundation, a 501(c)(3) organization dedicated to contributing to
endeavors that improve the well-being and overall quality of life for people
throughout CenturyLink's communities. Named after CenturyLink's founder Clarke
M. Williams, the Foundation is endowed by CenturyLink to support community
initiatives that encourage our employees to use their time, talents and
resources to strengthen the communities in which they live and work.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2013 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              389 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Wimmera Mail-Times

                           February 28, 2017 Tuesday
                                Internet Edition

Wimmera school grants to encourage volunteers

LENGTH: 251 words


WIMMERA and Grampians region school students will be encouraged to volunteer for
their communities thanks to state government grants of up to $9700.

Member for Western Victoria and Regional Development Minister Jaala Pulford said
15 schools would receive money to connect their secondary college students with
volunteer groups.

The schools in the Wimmera and Grampians include:

Ms Pulford said the money was from the state government's $4.46 million Advance
Program funding, which will go towards secondary schools in areas of high
socio-economic disadvantage.

"The funding provides young people with an opportunity to develop practical
teamwork, communication and project management skills," Ms Pulford said.

"Young people in the Wimmera have so much to offer and the Advance Program is
giving them the opportunity to get involved in local initiatives and connect
with their communities," she said.

Ms Pulford said more than 24,000 young people participated in the program last
year, helping them to engage with their communities, develop important life
skills and gain valuable experience to assist in future job or education
pursuits.

The students will participate in conservation programs, community radio programs
and emergency services and animal welfare projects.

"Our government is focused on helping young people establish life skills and
valuable experience and giving something back to their community," Ms Pulford
said.

For more information on the Advance Program go online to
www.youthcentral.vic.gov.au

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2017 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              390 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               The Wimmera Farmer

                           February 28, 2017 Tuesday
                                Internet Edition

Wimmera school grants to encourage volunteers

LENGTH: 251 words


WIMMERA and Grampians region school students will be encouraged to volunteer for
their communities thanks to state government grants of up to $9700.

Member for Western Victoria and Regional Development Minister Jaala Pulford said
15 schools would receive money to connect their secondary college students with
volunteer groups.

The schools in the Wimmera and Grampians include:

Ms Pulford said the money was from the state government's $4.46 million Advance
Program funding, which will go towards secondary schools in areas of high
socio-economic disadvantage.

"The funding provides young people with an opportunity to develop practical
teamwork, communication and project management skills," Ms Pulford said.

"Young people in the Wimmera have so much to offer and the Advance Program is
giving them the opportunity to get involved in local initiatives and connect
with their communities," she said.

Ms Pulford said more than 24,000 young people participated in the program last
year, helping them to engage with their communities, develop important life
skills and gain valuable experience to assist in future job or education
pursuits.

The students will participate in conservation programs, community radio programs
and emergency services and animal welfare projects.

"Our government is focused on helping young people establish life skills and
valuable experience and giving something back to their community," Ms Pulford
said.

For more information on the Advance Program go online to
www.youthcentral.vic.gov.au

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2017 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              391 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Greensburg Daily News (Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 12, 2009 Sunday

Developing A 'Cool' Community

BYLINE: Joe Hornaday, Greensburg Daily News, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 754 words


Apr. 12--Executive director of the Decatur County Community Foundation (DCCF)
Sharon Hollowell and president of the Central Indiana Community Foundation
(CICF) Brian Payne took a local and statewide look at community development
during the recent "Speaking Locally: Connecting the Dots in South Central
Indiana" event.

Since the DCCF's inception in 1992, it has awarded more than $6 million in
grants and scholarships to the local community. And since Hollowell has been the
director beginning in 2001, the donation base has more than tripled.

Hollowell described the DCCF's mission as attempting to make life better through
education, safety and health and human services. Some accomplishments have
included a women's fund, the beginning of the Hometown Competitiveness program
and a scholarship program for adults going back to school. When the DCCF got
involved in the arts, the group gave the Arts and Cultural Council of Decatur
County capital to begin strategic planning, which eventually resulted in the Art
on the Square gallery downtown.

The Hometown Competitiveness grant, Hollowell explained, is being set up to
address "brain drain" in Decatur County. Currently, the group is in development
of an Internet site that will help local kids find reasons to come back to the
area.

Brian Payne said he had spent some time studying the city of Greensburg, and
expressed his approval of the city's future plans.

"The vision is actually right on," he said. "Our role (at the CICF) is to
connect the dots."

One of his priorities at the CICF, Payne explained, was to make Indianapolis a
"cool city." He also said Greensburg had the potential to become one of those.

"You've got great stuff going on downtown," Payne said, emphasizing local
architecture. "You could be a regional destination. It's about being a city of
choice. It absolutely can happen."

He noted that Greensburg could achieve its vision of the future if the community
were to pull together. Payne also had a suggestion for those hoping to keep
college graduates in town.

"They need to feel they're living in a cool city," he said.

Still, the hurdle of what exactly constitutes a putatively cool city remained an
issue. Discovering the community's DNA would help Greensburg residents and
leaders get a good start, Payne said.

Powerful traditions and a long-standing culture can be difficult to change, he
noted, and perhaps Greensburg doesn't really need to do that. The downtown area
has a great feeling, but addressing what to change and what not to change would
require an investigation into the core values.

"If you want to change, you must really understand (core values)," Payne
explained.

He cited an example currently taking place in Indianapolis. The Capital
Improvements Board was requesting help in paying for sports arenas, and Payne
said that things like that, which are important to the city, must be kept in
perspective. The $55 million project, the Indianapolis Cultural Trail, will be
an eight mile long path that connects people to every significant venue in
downtown in a way that Payne said was "unique, distinctive and world-class." The
path, once complete by 2012, could make the city feel more alive, artsy and
cool, Payne added.

For a city like Greensburg trying to address the brain drain issue, Payne
suggested making the city more bicycle friendly because outdoor recreation is an
important part of bringing young people into the community. For Payne, there was
no better way to experience a city or a town than riding a bicycle through it.
Innovation, he said, could connect the dots to the best parts of the city.

Greensburg has possibilities, and a set of very ambitious but doable goals,
Payne said. The community can achieve it, but it has to come together with a
leader to do so. Taking a new direction for a city should also mean connecting
it to the old values, Payne noted.

"How does the innovative idea build on what the residents care about in a
different way?" Payne asked.

Hollowell noted a balance between the new and the old taking place during
improvement discussions was happening in Decatur County.

To see more of the Greensburg Daily News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.greensburgdailynews.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Greensburg Daily News,
Ind. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090412-GD-Developing-A-Cool-Community-0412

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GD


                                 Copyright 2009


                              392 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Kerrville Daily Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          February 15, 2012 Wednesday

Fox tank, downtown power lines get funding

BYLINE: Mark J. Armstrong, Kerrville Daily Times, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 793 words


Feb. 15--The vice president of an oil field storage tank company promising to
bring at least 60 new jobs to Kerrville said they are eager to ramp up
production at a new facility near the airport.

"We're excited to get started," Nathan Fox said.

Fox Tank Company was granted a $600,000 grant from the Kerrville Economic
Improvement Corporation, which was approved Tuesday night by the city council
along with up to $150,000 in sales tax abatement for the new facility. The
company also has received a tax abatement from Kerr County for up to $75,000.

"I think this project is indicative of the things we can do together in this
community for economic development," said Mayor David Wampler.

Ray Watson, executive director of the Kerrville Economic Development
Corporation, said the new facility could eventually bring as many as 120 jobs to
Kerrville with an estimated payroll of as much as $3.1 million annually.

"This project is good for this community as noted by all the collaboration,"
Watson said. "We are excited to have been a part of bringing this historic
project to the community and look forward to more."

The EIC grant funding comes from the 1/2-cent 4B sales tax, which generates
about $2 million annually, and comes with requirements that Fox Tank employ at
least 60 people for the next 10 years.

Another EIC funded project that would help pay to bury utility lines in downtown
Kerrville also received the city council blessing despite some objections.

John Mosty, who serves on the city's zoning ordinance input committee, raised
concerns about the request for $300,000 from EIC because he said it did not fit
the definition of economic development or job creation.

"I have no particular objection to the lines being put underground. My concern
is using 4B funds to do it," Mosty said. "I think it's inappropriate."

Councilwoman Stacie Keeble also had raised concerns during the EIC board meeting
when the funding was approved about the fairness of any leftover contingency
funds being spent to connect some of the property owners to the underground
lines. But on Tuesday, she voted in favor of the funding request after learning
that the Cailloux Foundation has pledged $15,000 to help connect some of the
businesses.

"Please don't call me John Kerry," Keeble said.

No one from the Cailloux Foundation was present at the meeting, but City Manager
Todd Parton said the foundation has pledged those funds to help connect some
businesses on the east side of Sidney Baker Street. The EIC grant for $300,000
included a $50,000 contingency request by the Kerrville Public Utility Board,
and the EIC board said any remaining contingency funds could be used to help
connect businesses on the west side.

If any of that contingency will remain is uncertain. Tracy McCuan, general
manager of KPUB, said they began work Monday night digging a trench for the
conduit in the Texas Department of Transportation right-of-way and ran into an
abandoned gas pipeline. McCuan said running into unforeseen underground issues
is why KPUB requested the contingency.

Patrick Wilt, owner of Grape Juice, one of the businesses on the west side of
Sidney Baker Street, said it will cost three businesses on that side $19,000 to
connect to the underground power lines.

"This project came to me, and I wasn't looking to spend any money on this, and
if I was I would spend it on the power poles in front of my business not the
ones behind it," Wilt said.

In other matters, the council:

--Approved renewal of the lease agreement with Joseph Kennedy Enterprises LTC
and the Kerrville-Kerr County Airport Board.

--Approved the purchase of a backhoe for $92,000.

--Amended the professional services agreement with Peter Lewis Architect
Associates for the design of the new city hall and renovations of the adjacent
administrative spaces. The contract amount is not to exceed $227,250.

--Approved a request from Hill Country Telephone for installation of wireless
access points on city owned water towers.

--Approved the sale of $10 million in debt including the second half of the
funding for the river trail project and funding for utility infrastructure
improvements. The interest rate on the 20-year debt is 2.183 percent, and the
portion of the debt dedicated to the utility system will be repaid out of the
water and sewer funds. The river trail project will be paid for by Kerrville
Economic Improvement Corporation 1/2-cent 4B sales tax.

--Heard a request from Bill Cantrell, post commander of the local AMVETS post,
asking the city council to reconsider the proposed senior housing project at the
Kerrville VA Medical Center.

___ (c)2012 the Kerrville Daily Times (Kerrville, Texas) Visit the Kerrville
Daily Times (Kerrville, Texas) at www.dailytimes.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120215-KF-Fox-tank-downtown-power-lines-get-funding-0215-20120215

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KF


                      Copyright 2012 Kerrville Daily Times


                              393 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Gold Coast Sun (Australia)

                             May 28, 2008 Wednesday
                            U - Upper North Edition

Shock as `vital' grant withdrawnLoss of funding hurts charities

BYLINE: By LAURA NELSON

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 372 words


VITAL charities and youth centres have been left in limbo following the Federal
Government's decision to axe the Regional Partnerships Program (RPP).

Charity workers have said they are devastated, shocked and pessimistic about the
chance of getting grants elsewhere.

The Oxenford and Coomera Youth and Community Centre, which had applied for a
$1.6 million grant, and Runaway Bay's Youth Point Connect, which planned to
submit an application for $1 million, are two of the biggest losers.

Disappointed Youth Point Connect chairman Bernie Scobie said it would now be
very difficult for community organisations to get funding.

``All we can do is hope and pray our government leaders see what organisations
like mine are trying to achieve,'' he said.

``A youth centre is desperately needed in this area.''

Bruce Robertson, president of Arundel Park Riding for the Disabled at Coombabah,
said he had been hoping for a $200,000 grant to build a new roof over the centre
arena.

``We are taken aback and devastated, and not quite sure what to do now,'' he
said.

``We are a charity and we rely on the goodwill of others to operate the centre
and to do capital works.''

He said the arena roof had rusted so badly that when there was a hailstorm, the
stones went straight through the roof.

Queensland president of the Vietnam Veterans' Federation Malcolm Wheat said he
was `gutted'.

``We were going to apply for $150,000 to build a memorial hall at Nerang and we
put in an expression of interest to the RPP,'' he said.

``Now we'll have to apply to other grants which haven't been scrapped but access
to this funding will be very competitive.''

Rev Ian Mavor, executive director of Hopewell Hospice and Paradise Kids at
Arundel, said their

application for $750,000 had been put on hold because he had been advised there
would not be Federal funding available.

``Fortunately, we have been able to go ahead with some of our projects because
we have some generous donors and the community has rallied to support us,'' he
said.

Fadden MP Stuart Robert described the blow to local charities as `appalling'.

He said he would be raising the matter in Parliament this week. ``This is a sad
time for Fadden and what is happening here is an absolute disgrace,'' he said.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GCS


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              394 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Yukon News (Yukon)

                            January 21, 2008 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Telehealth brings virtual experts to Yukon communities

BYLINE: Matthew Grant, Yukon News

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 492  words


Yukon's medical system just went Star Trek.

Every community now has access to Telehealth, a video-conferencing system that
gives Yukoners access to medical professionals hundreds, and sometimes thousands
of miles away.

Yukon is the first Canadian jurisdiction to have every one of its communities
hooked up, said Yukon Health Minister Brad Cathers last week.

"Today, every Yukon community has the ability to link through the Yukon
Telehealth Network to provide increased health services and supports within that
community," he said.

"This is a true feat of technology. The contribution from Canada Health Infoway
and the hard work of dedicated people over the past number of years ensured that
today."

The Telehealth system allows patients in places like Old Crow and Dawson to
connect, via a variety of video-conferencing units, with health-care
professionals in places like Whitehorse and Vancouver.

Much of the Yukon has had Telehealth since 2002, but last week Ross River, Faro,
Teslin and Carcross officially received the service.

The system cost about $2.5 million.

The move means patients with conditions such as diabetes will not always have to
go south for hours to make appointments that only last a matter of minutes, said
Cathers.

"Individuals diagnosed with diabetes are not always able to travel to Whitehorse
on a regular basis for training and support," he said.

"The Diabetes Education Centre staff can connect with their clients in the
communities through the Telehealth network in the rural health centres to
provide one-on-one sessions.

"This means people don't have to leave their communities to get the services
they need."

The use of video-conferencing technology is going to take some getting used to,
but it will offer the Yukon substantial benefits, said Roberta Staveley, a
Telehealth consultant that worked on the Yukon project.

"This is really just a tool, like a fax machine."

What the video conferencing equipment means, is places like nursing stations can
connect with doctors in other communities and use the equipment to show the
doctor what's going on with a patient.

"Sometimes a picture is worth a thousand words," said Staveley.

The system can also be used to save families money by allowing them to visit
sick relatives without having to jump on a plane, she said.

"People in Old Crow could go into a room and connect with their relatives
receiving care in Whitehorse."

Brenda Baxter is a rural mental-health consultant in Dawson City.

She's used the Telehealth system to connect with patients face-to-face when she
was hundreds of miles away.

Some patients take a little while to get used to the technology but appreciate
the visual aspect of video conferencing, compared to telephone conversations,
she said.

She said it also allows her to observe her patients.

"A mental-health assessment is more than just asking questions and hearing
answers. It's also about observation," she said.

Contact Matthew Grant at matthewg@yukon-news.com

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2008 Yukon News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              395 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Jerusalem Post

                           September 1, 2015 Tuesday

Genesis Foundation launches fund to boost outreach to interfaith families

BYLINE: Jerusalem Post staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 515 words


The Genesis Prize Foundation and the Jewish Funders Network launched on Monday a
new matching-grant initiative, called Avenues to Jewish Engagement for
Intermarried Couples and their Families, in honor of 2015 Genesis Prize Laureate
Michael Douglas, which will generate $3.3 million in funds.

According to these organizations, the goal of the initiative is to mobilize the
philanthropic community to increase the number of funders and grant dollars
supporting organizations and projects that foster a culture of acceptance within
the Jewish community.

The particular focus of the grant program is to enhance opportunities for Jewish
involvement available to intermarried Jews, their life partners, and their
children.

The Genesis Prize is a $1 million annual award, honoring individuals who have
attained excellence and international renown in their chosen professions, and
who inspire others through their engagement and dedication to the Jewish
community and/or the State of Israel.

Michael Douglas received the prestigious award in June this year for his work as
an actor and producer; his advocacy as a UN Messenger of Peace, focusing on
human rights, gun violence prevention, and nuclear anti-proliferation work; and
his passion for his Jewish heritage.

Instead of accepting the prize money, Douglas redirected the funds to promote
inclusion and diversity in Jewish life, which included a $200,000 gift to the
Hillel Jewish student organization.

Combined with gifts from additional donors, a fund of $1.65 million is now
available which will generate $3.3 million when matched. JFN will implement this
Matching Grant Initiative worldwide, with the objective to broaden the reach of
such programs by increasing the number of funders who support the field.

"Michael Douglas is an example of an individual dedicated to his heritage, who
wants to work to ensure others have the opportunity to connect to Jewish life,"
said Stan Polovets, co-founder and chairman of the Genesis Prize Foundation.

Douglas himself said that the fund is dedicated to helping anyone interested in
exploring their Jewish tradition and culture.

"As someone who is not always welcomed in the Jewish community because my mother
was not Jewish, I want to make sure that all those who desire to connect with
Jewish culture and heritage have that opportunity," commented Douglas. "This
fund will allow many organizations to continue, or to initiate, important work
to engage intermarried couples and their children."

Said JFN's President and CEO, Andrés Spokoiny. "The Pew report and other studies
show that intermarriage is already an inescapable reality in the Jewish
community.

While there are different opinions about this phenomenon, most agree that it is
critical to offer these families avenues to Jewish engagement so as not to lose
an entire generation."

For more information, the Genesis Prize Foundation and the Jerusalem Post Group
have put together a special magazine dedicated to promoting a more inclusive
Judaism. The special issue will be published within The Jerusalem Report in time
for the High Holy Days season.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: THE GENESIS magazine created by 'The Jerusalem Post.'

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 The Jerusalem Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              396 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                    Scotsman

                            February 9, 2016 Tuesday

Banks Community Fund boosts local jobseeker prospects

LENGTH: 486  words


A Midlothian charity has been boosted by a donation towards IT equipment.

The Banks Community Fund has awarded a £4,760 grant towards improving computing
facilities at the Rosewell Development Trust.

Consisting of two high speed computers, four tablets, a printer and a range of
software, the new equipment will provide local jobseekers with the necessary
tools to apply for online jobs and attend courses to gain skills attractive to
employers.

The technology will also be a vital resource for local senior residents to learn
computing skills - encouraging them to use tools such as Skype and connect with
friends and relatives from across the globe.

Dave Mackay, a volunteer at Rosewell Development Trust, which was formed to
secure the long term social, economic and environmental sustainability of the
former mining community, believes that the grant will directly benefit a wide
cross-section of the local community.

He said: "More and more important resources are moving online - and there is
always a fear that some will be left behind. It can be surprisingly easy to lose
track of technology as it advances at such pace.

"We're doing all we can in this community to avoid this happening. This grant
has enabled us to purchase these essential tools so we can help those who really
need it.

"We're incredibly grateful to the Banks Group for this funding, as without it we
simply couldn't have considered buying all this new equipment anytime soon."

The equipment will be used by the recently launched CLICK AND CONNECT COMPUTER
CLUB and will be available during office hours for anyone wishing to use it to
prepare CV's or access the Internet.

Lewis Stokes, community engagement manager at Banks Property, said: "We are
delighted to be able to help such a broad spectrum of the local community -
through the important work that the trust is doing.

"In these former mining communities, it is essential to equip local people with
the tools to make the area as prosperous as possible. IT proficiency is a huge
part of that, as it is now a necessity with the majority of jobs - along with
essential services moving online."

Banks Community Fund is a charitable fund set up by the Banks Group, the
Hamilton-based property and renewable energy business.

Banks Property, part of the Banks Group, recently announced intentions to
deliver an important property development at Rosewell, helping to tackle the
lack of housing supply which is leading to inflated local prices.

Lewis added: "We're really excited to be putting forward this proposal for a
range of new homes in Rosewell.

"Demand for new homes with an easy commute to Edinburgh has easily outstripped
supply, pushing up prices and making homeownership challenging for many.

"Developments such as this one at Rosewell are therefore essential to keep
prices down and give hope to young families and people looking for good quality,
affordable homes in an excellent location."

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STTS


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              397 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 Republican & Herald (Pottsville, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 26, 2011 Wednesday

Pottsville, Hamburg receive grants to promote tourism

BYLINE: Stephen J. Pytak, Republican & Herald, Pottsville, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 766 words


Jan. 26--The Schuylkill River Heritage Area has awarded $2,000 grants to
Pottsville and Hamburg, encouraging them to draw tourists to the Schuylkill
River and the trails, downtowns, historic sites and restaurants surrounding it.

They've also given the grant recipients a challenge: an opportunity to create an
action plan to compete for a $25,000 matching grant.

"We think it's a great opportunity for our partners to sit around the table to
see what we can do," Gina Gargano, executive director of the Schuylkill County
Visitors Bureau, said Tuesday.

A total of five communities in the region received $2,000 grants from the
Schuylkill River Heritage Area's new Heritage Towns and Tours initiative. The
other three were Pottstown, Phoenixville and East Falls, according to Laura
Catalano, staff writer for the Schuylkill River National and State Heritage
Area, Pottstown.

The recipients will also be given up to $5,000 in consultant support while
developing the plan. Once a plan is completed and approved by the heritage area,
they will be eligible for up to $25,000 to enact it. They must then provide a
10-percent match and be able to complete all projects within a year, Catalano
said.

"The Heritage Towns and Tours Program was established as part of our goal of
using recreation and heritage tourism to help revitalize Heritage Area
communities. We are pleased to announce these grants, which will serve to
improve the economy of municipalities that participate and connect trail users
to heritage resources throughout the region," Schuylkill River Heritage Area
Executive Director Kurt Zwikl said Tuesday.

Gargano said she believes Schuylkill County Visitors Bureau will have its plan
ready within two or three months.

The grants were made possible with funding from the William Penn Foundation and
are intended to support communities along the Schuylkill River land and water
trails with projects in three areas: improving connections between trails and
towns, creating an identity and a sense of place and marketing themselves as
destinations, Catalano said.

The heritage area covers five counties: Schuylkill, Berks, Chester, Montgomery
and Philadelphia.

There were a total of 16 applicants for the funding, Catalano said.

Schuylkill County Visitors Bureau will use its grant to help support a project
titled "Pottsville: Gateway to the Schuylkill River Heritage Area," Catalano
said.

Its goal is to further establish Pottsville's identity as the gateway to the
Schuylkill River Heritage Area, capitalizing on the city's many assets as part
of the "Coal Country Corridor," Catalano said.

"Informational, directional and interpretive signs will connect the river and
eventually the Schuylkill River Trail to Pottsville's unique historical and
cultural resources like Yuengling Brewery Museum, Jerry's Classic Cars and
Collectibles Museum and the Historical Society of Schuylkill County," Catalano
said.

Hamburg's Our Town Foundation will use the grant to help finance Historic
Hamburg's Blueprint for Success, implementing several projects that will
increase tourism, educate residents about heritage resources and promote the
area's natural recreational resources, Catalano said.

The grants were awarded based on a range of criteria, including how well
applications adhered to the initiatives, the ability of partners to carry out
the projects in a 12-month period, and the accessibility of the community to the
Schuylkill River Trail or Schuylkill River Water Trail, Catalano said.

The grant program and the Heritage Towns and Tours concept grew out of the
heritage area's successful Trail Town Conferences held over the past two years.
Those conferences provided information to business and community leaders seeking
to make their towns into destinations for trail users, she said.

According to a 2009 Schuylkill River Trail user survey conducted by the
Rails-to-Trails Conservancy, the trail, which has 56 completed miles, attracted
more than 800,000 visits and generated $7.3 million in direct economic impact in
2008.

Eventually, the trail will stretch 130 miles.

"It will be more likely to attract tourists from outside the region. Studies
show that people who come from out of town will spend four times as much as
local users," Catalano said.

To see more of the Republican & Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.republicanherald.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Republican & Herald,
Pottsville, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110126-RN-Pottsville-Hamburg-receive-grants
-to-promote-tourism-0126-20110126

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RN


                       Copyright 2011 Republican & Herald


                              398 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  The Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 25, 2008 Friday

Broadband network continues to move forward: Omaha firm chosen to design
Telemedicine Phase 1

BYLINE: Dan Heath, The Press-Republican, Plattsburgh, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 613 words


Jul. 25--PLATTSBURGH -- The CBN Connect broadband network has taken another step
forward with the selection of an engineering design firm.

Adesta LLC, based in Omaha, Neb., has been chosen to create the detailed
engineering design of the project's first phase.

The fiber-optic core ring will first connect to the members of the Adirondack
Champlain Telemedicine Information Network (ACTION) and to Internet2, the next
generation of the global computer network.

ONLINE BY 2010

CBN Connect has received slightly more than $7.6 million in grants from the
Federal Communications Commission's Telemedicine Rural Health Care Pilot Program
to build Phase 1. The design is expected to be done in August, with construction
starting next spring and the network online early in 2010.

"This is the jump start we were looking for," CBN Connect Project Coordinator
Julie West said.

ACTION members are Adirondack Medical Center, Alice Hyde Medical Center, CVPH
Medical Center, St. Regis Mohawk Tribe Health Center, Elizabethtown Community
Hospital, Clinton Community College, North Country Community College and
Plattsburgh State.

CBN Connect is being managed by the Technical Assistance Center at Plattsburgh
State in conjunction with the Research Foundation at SUNY. The goal is to create
a nearly 500-mile broadband network to provide service throughout Clinton, Essex
and Franklin counties.

BENEFITS

Technical Assistance Center Director Howard Lowe said the ACTION members deserve
credit for working together.

"The eight organizations that make up that consortium deserve a lot of credit
for their vision in seeing how better broadband would help them deliver their
medical services. This will not only benefit them but also their patients and
their students."

Potential benefits include access to electronic health-care records and to
health-care specialists who are hard to attract to this region; colleges being
able to bring classes right to health-care facilities; and the ability to
monitor patients from their homes.

The network, when completed, will be have open access that will allow interested
companies to bring service to outlying areas. West said Time Warner, Charter,
PrimeLink, Westelcom, Ridgeview Telecom and others have expressed interest.

NON-PROFIT ARM

Next up, CBN Connect plans to establish an affiliated non-profit corporation in
October. It will apply for additional available funding this fall from the
Department of Commerce's Economic Development Administration, Empire State
Development and the State Office for Technology.

In a news release, CBN Connect Advisory Board President Andrew Abdallah said it
is exciting to see engineering of the network begin.

"The completed system will dramatically improve telecommunications options for
medicine, education, business and consumers in the three counties," he said.

Advisory Board Vice Chair Jody Olcott said the Essex County IDA recognizes the
benefits for Essex County.

"The opportunities this project will bring to our area are tremendous, allowing
Essex County businesses and residents the same, if not better, communication
infrastructure as the rest of the country."

dheath@pressrepublican.com

TO LEARN MORE

For more information about the CBN Connect broadband network, visit
www.cbnconnect.com.

To see more of The Press-Republican or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.pressrepublican.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, The Press-Republican,
Plattsburgh, N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080725-ZI-Broadband-network-continues-to-move-forward-0725

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZI


                                 Copyright 2008


                              399 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                             Midlothian Advertiser

                           February 27, 2016 Saturday

Donation boost for Rosewell charity

LENGTH: 435  words


A Midlothian charity has been boosted by a donation towards IT equipment - which
has the potential to transform the lives of many in the community.

The Banks Community Fund has awarded a £4,760 grant towards improving computing
facilities at the Rosewell Development Trust.

Consisting of two high speed computers, four tablets, a printer and a range of
software, the new equipment will provide local jobseekers with the necessary
tools to apply for online jobs and attend courses to gain skills attractive to
employers.

The technology will also be a vital resource for local senior residents to learn
computing skills - encouraging them to use tools such as Skype and connect with
friends and relatives from across the globe.

Dave Mackay, a volunteer at Rosewell Development Trust, which was formed to
secure the long-term social, economic and environmental sustainability of the
former mining community, believes that the grant will directly benefit a wide
cross-section of the local community.

He said: "More and more important resources are moving online - and there is
always a fear that some will be left behind. It can be surprisingly easy to lose
track of technology as it advances at such pace.

"We're doing all we can in this community to avoid this happening. This grant
has enabled us to purchase these essential tools so we can help those who really
need it.

"We're incredibly grateful to the Banks Group for this funding, as without it we
simply couldn't have considered buying all this new equipment anytime soon."

The equipment will be used by the recently launched CLICK AND CONNECT COMPUTER
CLUB and will be available during office hours for anyone wishing to use it to
prepare CV's or access the Internet.

Lewis Stokes, community engagement manager at Banks Property, said: "We are
delighted to be able to help such a broad spectrum of the local community -
through the important work that the trust is doing.

"In these former mining communities, it is essential to equip local people with
the tools to make the area as prosperous as possible. IT proficiency is a huge
part of that, as it is now a necessity with the majority of jobs - along with
essential services moving online."

Banks Community Fund is a charitable fund set up by the Banks Group, the
Hamilton-based property and renewable energy business.

Banks Property, part of the Banks Group, recently announced intentions to
deliver a property development at Rosewell, helping to tackle the lack of
housing supply.

To find out more about the proposed Rosewell Property Development visit:
http://www.banksgroup.co.uk/doctors-field%2C-rosewell/

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SBMA


                       Copyright 2016 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              400 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                          The Julian News (California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               December 19, 2012

Pathways & Elem. School Awarded Grant

BYLINE: The Julian News staff

LENGTH: 254  words


Julian Pathways and the Julian Union Elementary School District are pleased to
announce that we received one of the coveted USDA grants described below in late
November. We were one of 32 schools in the nation to receive a Farm to School
planning grant, which is meant to help districts better connect kids to healthy,
local food. Tricia Elisara will serve as the Farm to School Coordinator for
2013, and she welcomes your ideas and questions (765-2228).

USDA Awards First Grants to Increase Local Foods in Eligible Schools 68 Projects
Support Nearly 2 Million Students

Agriculture Deputy Secretary Kathleen Merrigan today announced more than $4.5
million in grants for 68 projects, spanning 37 states and the District of
Columbia, to connect school cafeterias with local agricultural producers.

"When schools buy food from nearby producers, their purchasing power helps
create local jobs and economic benefits, particularly in rural agricultural
communities," Merrigan said. "Evidence also suggests that when kids understand
more about where food comes from and how it is produced, they are more likely to
make healthy eating choices."

The first-ever USDA Farm to School grants will help schools respond to the
growing demand for locally sourced foods and increase market opportunities for
producers and food businesses, including food processors, manufacturers,
distributors.

Grants will also be used to support agriculture and nutrition education efforts
such as school gardens, field trips to local farms, and cooking classes.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JLN

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2012 The Julian News


                              401 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Walla Walla Union-Bulletin (Washington)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 9, 2009 Thursday

Grants to benefit program that connects homeless vets, jobs: The Homeless
Veterans Reintegration Project also assists with housing.

BYLINE: Walla Walla Union-Bulletin

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 443 words


Jul. 9--The Washington state Department of Veterans Affairs has been awarded a
competitive grant and a renewal grant from the U.S. Department of Labor to
provide assistance to homeless veterans seeking employment and a fresh start.

The agency has been awarded $200,000 for its Homeless Veterans Reintegration
Project to help funnel homeless veterans into jobs in several counties,
including Walla Walla.

In addition, the state VA will receive $300,000 for the second year to continue
the project in other counties.

The employment focus distinguishes this concept from most other programs for the
homeless, which concentrate on more immediate needs such as emergency shelter,
food and substance abuse treatment, officials said.

The objective is to enable homeless veterans to secure and keep jobs that will
allow them to re-enter mainstream society as productive citizens.

The state Department of Veterans Affairs will partner with federal, state and
local agencies, as well as local faith-based and community organizations and
social-service agencies for needs such as clothing, shelter, medical or
substance-abuse treatment and transportation assistance.

The agency hopes to enroll 200 eligible urban homeless veterans, with the
majority of those in jobs paying at least $11 per hour. In addition, these
services will assist 152 participants to upgrade their residential status to
transitional or permanent housing.

The plan for rural homeless veterans is to enroll 128 and place 96 in
unsubsidized employment during the first year of the grant.

The state agency works in conjunction with the Federal VA Supportive Employment
Program, administered through the VA Healthcare System in Spokane and Walla
Walla.

The National Coalition for Homeless Veterans has profiled the state Department
of Veterans Affairs program in its "Best Practices of Employee Assistance
Programs," listing it as one of the nation's most effective homeless veteran
employment assistance programs. The listing indicates it is a program that can
be replicated by community-based organizations and government agencies to
successfully compete for federal grants.

FYI

To learn more about services available to veterans in Washington State, go to
www.dva.wa.gov or call 800-562-2308.

To see more of the Union-Bulletin or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.union-bulletin.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, Walla Walla Union-Bulletin
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090709-UN-Grants-to-benefit-program-that-connects
-homeless-vets-jobs-0709

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UN


                                 Copyright 2009


                              402 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Kemptville Advance

                              July 29, 2016 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Kemptville to become home to 21-day temporary shelter for homeless youth

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 715  words


Providing essential services to local youth just got easier.

"This is a good news item," said Norie Spence, Connect Youth chair, during a
deputation to North Grenville council at its July 25 meeting. "We have been in
the South Grenville area for 15 years now and we're a United Way agency. In that
time period, we started primarily with running a drop-in program, much like the
Kemptville Youth Centre does here, and our goal was always to open an apartment
for homeless youth, between the ages of 16 and 21."

She explained with a United Counties of Leeds and Grenville partnership, Connect
Youth was able to do that three years ago in Prescott.

"We opened an apartment and the demand for it has been unbelievable," said
Spence. "We have roughly seven referrals a month and we can take 1.25 youth, so
we knew that we needed to expand and we targeted Kemptville as our next
expansion."

Connect Youth received a federal grant, through Service Ontario, to add another
apartment.

"With the county again, we were able to secure an apartment. The county takes
care of the emergency housing apartment and we supply the staffing for it,"
Spence said.

"Connect Youth was formed as a result of a community focus group following the
suicide of a youth in June, 2001," continued Elizabeth Langlois, Connect Youth
program co-ordinator. "Basically, community members came together and said we
need something more for our youth, and that's how Connect Youth was born."

She explained the main objectives of Connect Youth are; connect youth with
appropriate services/programs, advocate for (or create) needed
services/programs, support youth during difficult transitions and encourage
youth to reach their full potential and become positive adults in the community.

"Our program goals are to provide support to youth in the South Grenville
communities, reduce service gaps through advocacy and promote and empower youth
in their community," said Langlois.

Connect Youth provides a multitude of essential services to local youth,
including referrals, crisis intervention, life skills workshops, employment,
rural outreach, gender sexuality alliance (LGBT support), emergency housing,
food and clothing.

In the fiscal year 2015 to 2016 (July to June), a total of 203 individual youths
accessed services through Connect Youth; 105 females, 95 males and one unknown.

"They come to us for mental health reasons, sexual health reasons,
transportation challenges," said Langlois.

Connect Youth has a drop-in location at South Grenville District High School.

"It's open to youth, Monday to Friday, 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.," said Langlois. "It's
just a place where students can come and hang out. They can interact with their
peers in a safe place."

She explained the emergency housing program is a 21-day unit providing youth
access to temporary accommodations until more permanent housing arrangements can
be made. The Community Homelessness Prevention Initiative transition fund
subsidizes the unit in Prescott and now Kemptville.

"You may ask who is eligible to access the housing program?" said Victoria
Robertson, youth transitional case manager. "Youth ages 16 to 21 in Leeds and
Grenville, who have no current living arrangements. Youth also have to be
willing to sign a participation agreement with us, which outlines rules and what
we expect while they're at the unit. They have to be attending school or seeking
employment, as well as seeking permanent housing."

She explained where referrals came from, during the 2015-2016 fiscal year; 30
from Brockville, 17 from Prescott, six from Edwardsburgh/Cardinal, four from
Kemptville, two from Augusta, and one each from Front of Yonge, Cornwall, Leeds
and 1000 Islands and Rideau Lakes. Out of those referrals, 13 youth were housed
in the unit.

"We provide groceries while they're in the unit, help them with life skills,
like cooking," said Robertson.

The reason Connect Youth chose Kemptville for the new temporary shelter is
because it's under-serviced, explained Spence.

A ribbon cutting ceremony for the temporary shelter will be held at 10 a.m. on
Aug. 8 at the North Grenville Municipal Centre. The location of the Kemptville
unit will not be released for privacy and safety reasons.

To contact Connect Youth or to make a referral, call 613-246-2092 or email
connectyouth2@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              403 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               Kemptville Advance

                            July 27, 2016 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Kemptville to become home to 21-day temporary shelter for homeless youth

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 715  words


Providing essential services to local youth just got easier.

"This is a good news item," said Norie Spence, Connect Youth chair, during a
deputation to North Grenville council at its July 25 meeting. "We have been in
the South Grenville area for 15 years now and we're a United Way agency. In that
time period, we started primarily with running a drop-in program, much like the
Kemptville Youth Centre does here, and our goal was always to open an apartment
for homeless youth, between the ages of 16 and 21."

She explained with a United Counties of Leeds and Grenville partnership, Connect
Youth was able to do that three years ago in Prescott.

"We opened an apartment and the demand for it has been unbelievable," said
Spence. "We have roughly seven referrals a month and we can take 1.25 youth, so
we knew that we needed to expand and we targeted Kemptville as our next
expansion."

Connect Youth received a federal grant, through Service Ontario, to add another
apartment.

"With the county again, we were able to secure an apartment. The county takes
care of the emergency housing apartment and we supply the staffing for it,"
Spence said.

"Connect Youth was formed as a result of a community focus group following the
suicide of a youth in June, 2001," continued Elizabeth Langlois, Connect Youth
program co-ordinator. "Basically, community members came together and said we
need something more for our youth, and that's how Connect Youth was born."

She explained the main objectives of Connect Youth are; connect youth with
appropriate services/programs, advocate for (or create) needed
services/programs, support youth during difficult transitions and encourage
youth to reach their full potential and become positive adults in the community.

"Our program goals are to provide support to youth in the South Grenville
communities, reduce service gaps through advocacy and promote and empower youth
in their community," said Langlois.

Connect Youth provides a multitude of essential services to local youth,
including referrals, crisis intervention, life skills workshops, employment,
rural outreach, gender sexuality alliance (LGBT support), emergency housing,
food and clothing.

In the fiscal year 2015 to 2016 (July to June), a total of 203 individual youths
accessed services through Connect Youth; 105 females, 95 males and one unknown.

"They come to us for mental health reasons, sexual health reasons,
transportation challenges," said Langlois.

Connect Youth has a drop-in location at South Grenville District High School.

"It's open to youth, Monday to Friday, 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.," said Langlois. "It's
just a place where students can come and hang out. They can interact with their
peers in a safe place."

She explained the emergency housing program is a 21-day unit providing youth
access to temporary accommodations until more permanent housing arrangements can
be made. The Community Homelessness Prevention Initiative transition fund
subsidizes the unit in Prescott and now Kemptville.

"You may ask who is eligible to access the housing program?" said Victoria
Robertson, youth transitional case manager. "Youth ages 16 to 21 in Leeds and
Grenville, who have no current living arrangements. Youth also have to be
willing to sign a participation agreement with us, which outlines rules and what
we expect while they're at the unit. They have to be attending school or seeking
employment, as well as seeking permanent housing."

She explained where referrals came from, during the 2015-2016 fiscal year; 30
from Brockville, 17 from Prescott, six from Edwardsburgh/Cardinal, four from
Kemptville, two from Augusta, and one each from Front of Yonge, Cornwall, Leeds
and 1000 Islands and Rideau Lakes. Out of those referrals, 13 youth were housed
in the unit.

"We provide groceries while they're in the unit, help them with life skills,
like cooking," said Robertson.

The reason Connect Youth chose Kemptville for the new temporary shelter is
because it's under-serviced, explained Spence.

A ribbon cutting ceremony for the temporary shelter will be held at 10 a.m. on
Aug. 8 at the North Grenville Municipal Centre. The location of the Kemptville
unit will not be released for privacy and safety reasons.

To contact Connect Youth or to make a referral, call 613-246-2092 or email
connectyouth2@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              404 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                              June 24, 2016 Friday
                         Worcester Clinton Item Edition

Clinton receives funds for street, housing, elder services

BYLINE: Managing Editor

SECTION: NEWS; 3

LENGTH: 830 words


BOSTON -Clinton is among 57 cities and town across the state that were awarded
Community Development Block Grants this week.

Clinton will receive $749,635 for infrastructure improvements to Nelson Street,
housing rehabilitation assistance for eight units of housing, and to provide
elder services.

According to Phil Duffy, the director of Clinton's Office of Community and
Economic Development, the break-down is: $289,750 for the Clinton Housing
Improvement Program, which assists income-qualified residents and owners who
wish to make needed repairs to their property; $357,435 to re-construct Nelson
Street, a deteriorated residential street in the downtown area; $45,450, to
establish a shuttle service that connects needy seniors to the WHEAT Community
Café; and $57,000 for general administration.

"The Nelson Street project involves the reconstruction and restoration of this
street, which, while deteriorated, has the potential to one of the most pleasant
streets in town," Duffy said. "Work will include new paving and drainage, but
also sidewalk reconstruction - including new sidewalks and curbing on the east
side of Nelson Street - and also new lighting and street trees. Decades ago,
when the Clinton Fire Station stood at the head of Nelson Street, curbing and
grassy medians were removed to allow fire trucks to speed down the street. With
that need no longer operative, we look forward to restoring the street to its
original layout."

The Community Development Block Grant program provides competitive funding that
allows municipalities to pursue economic development projects, and support the
needs of low- and moderate-income residents.

"The Community Development Block Grant is a wonderfully flexible program that
supports communities, and its most needy residents, especially," Duffy said. "In
the past, we have been able to help people repair their homes, to help construct
our new Senior Center, to plan for street and sidewalk improvements and to
repair deteriorated streets. In addition to housing rehabilitation and the
Nelson Street project, we will be able this year to help some of our neediest
seniors connect to a good meal at WHEAT's Community Café."

Jodi Breidel, North County Regional Director for the United Way of Tri-County
and WHEAT Community Connections, was in Boston for the announcement.

"We're very excited about this funding and the partnership between the Town of
Clinton, the Clinton Senior Center and WHEAT," Breidel said. "When I returned to
WHEAT, I discovered senior van transportation was no longer being provided by
any of the towns we served and our senior attendance had dropped off
significantly at the Community Cafe. This funding will provide more seniors
within our community access to a healthy meal and socialization up to five
nights per week once again and hopefully help us get additional funding to bring
back the van service in the other towns we serve in the future."

Partnership was a part of this year's CDBG grant.

"One of the most gratifying aspects of this year's application was the level of
collaboration between agencies and departments," Duffy said. "The DPW, the
Clinton Police, the Senior Center, WHEAT, the WRTA and the town administrator
each are an important part of our CDBG program."

--

"Our assistance to municipalities is most effective when it provides flexibility
to directly support their established goals," said Gov. Charlie Baker. "
Community Development Block Grants provide for investment in wide-ranging
improvements that will bring long-term, positive impacts in these communities."

This year's Community Development Block Grant awards will allow municipalities
across Massachusetts to redevelop housing and local infrastructure, and provide
for a variety of social services, including childcare assistance, elder services
and domestic violence prevention programs.

"Residents across the Commonwealth will see marked improvements in the
livability of their communities through these Community Development Block Grant
awards," said Lt. Gov. Karyn Polito. "These awards will help further progress at
the local level, and allow municipalities to pursue a bright future for their
community."

"The Community Development Block Grant program provides flexible funding that
complements local aid and increases coordinated local action," said
Undersecretary for Housing and Community Development Chrystal Kornegay.
"Continued, comprehensive partnerships between the state and municipalities are
vital to meet the Commonwealth's needs for affordable housing and our shared
vision of a livable, affordable Massachusetts."

Massachusetts' Community Development Block Grant Program is a federally funded,
competitive grant program designed to help small cities and towns meet a broad
range of community development needs. Assistance is provided to qualifying
cities and towns for housing, community, and economic development projects that
assist low and moderate-income residents, or by revitalizing blighted areas.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2016 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              405 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           February 17, 2015 Tuesday

Local food groups merge

BYLINE: By Howard Weiss-Tisman hwtisman@reformer.com @HowardReformer on Twitter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 554 words


BRATTLEBORO &GT;&GT; Two organizations that have been working to strengthen the
local food system have merged to form a single group dedicated to supporting
farms and helping to bring more local produce into the schools, institutions and
communities throughout Windham County.

Windham Farm and Food, which was started in 2009 to make it easier for schools
to order local produce, will now be operated as a program of Food Connects.

Food Connects grew out of work done by Post Oil Solutions to establish a more
stable and consistent Farm-to-School program, as well as to develop programming
for institutions and communities to more easily access locally sourced produce
and food products.

Windham Farm and Food was established to create an infrastructure consisting of
an easy online ordering system, as well as staff, trucks and storage to deliver
produce and food products to schools, institutions and Community Supported
Agriculture programs.

The program was started as a pilot by Hans Estrin, who worked with Harlow Farms
to set up the low cost delivery system. University of Vermont Extension provided
support in 2010, and Post Oil Solutions helped out in 2012.

In 2013 Windham Farm and Food started the growing season as its own mission
driven LLC.

Food Connects Farm to Community Program Manager Helen Rortvedt said Windham Farm
to Food started as a mission-driven organization, and while it was never started
to make money, it has been hard to keep the program afloat. Over the past few
years the business grew, but so did the costs.

As a program run under the umbrella of Food Connects, a non-profit organization,
Rortvedt said, Windham Farm and Food can apply for grants and share resources
and administrative costs with Food Connects.

"We've always had a clear and natural relationship," Rortvedt said. "We both
work to connect farms to schools and as time wore on it became clear that it
made sense to merge. I think it makes sense for both groups."

Food Connects has been supporting the Windham Farm to School program since 2011,
and sales have grown from about $75,000 in 2011 to more than $213,000 in 2014.

"This merger allows us to scale up and to better align our efforts with big
picture initiatives in Vermont," said Food Connects co-founder and Executive
Director Richard Berkfield.

The food ordering and delivery system will now be managed as a social enterprise
program, and it will be better aligned with the Farm-to-School program that Food
Connects runs to improve food, farm and nutrition education

Food Connects helps set up buying clubs at housing developments and
neighborhoods and also shares curriculum with area schools to make it easier to
promote local agriculture in the classroom.

In 2014 Windham Farm and Food helped connect 28 farms and food producers with 55
buyers throughout the region, through a twice-a-week delivery system.

John Ayer, Food Service Director at Brattleboro Union High School, now purchases
about half of the produce he serves at the high school from farms within a 30
mile radius.

"The Windham Farm Food Network allows producers and buyers to connect with each
other in an efficient and mutually beneficial way," Ayer said. "I would not be
able to purchase from so many local farms without the convenience and low
prices."

Howard Weiss-Tisman can be contacted at 802-254-2311 ext 279.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Hans Estrin delivers boxes of produce into the kitchen at Academy
school in West Brattleboro.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              406 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           February 17, 2015 Tuesday

Local food groups merge

BYLINE: By Howard Weiss-Tisman hwtisman@reformer.com @HowardReformer on Twitter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 554 words


BRATTLEBORO &GT;&GT; Two organizations that have been working to strengthen the
local food system have merged to form a single group dedicated to supporting
farms and helping to bring more local produce into the schools, institutions and
communities throughout Windham County.

Windham Farm and Food, which was started in 2009 to make it easier for schools
to order local produce, will now be operated as a program of Food Connects.

Food Connects grew out of work done by Post Oil Solutions to establish a more
stable and consistent Farm-to-School program, as well as to develop programming
for institutions and communities to more easily access locally sourced produce
and food products.

Windham Farm and Food was established to create an infrastructure consisting of
an easy online ordering system, as well as staff, trucks and storage to deliver
produce and food products to schools, institutions and Community Supported
Agriculture programs.

The program was started as a pilot by Hans Estrin, who worked with Harlow Farms
to set up the low cost delivery system. University of Vermont Extension provided
support in 2010, and Post Oil Solutions helped out in 2012.

In 2013 Windham Farm and Food started the growing season as its own mission
driven LLC.

Food Connects Farm to Community Program Manager Helen Rortvedt said Windham Farm
to Food started as a mission-driven organization, and while it was never started
to make money, it has been hard to keep the program afloat. Over the past few
years the business grew, but so did the costs.

As a program run under the umbrella of Food Connects, a non-profit organization,
Rortvedt said, Windham Farm and Food can apply for grants and share resources
and administrative costs with Food Connects.

"We've always had a clear and natural relationship," Rortvedt said. "We both
work to connect farms to schools and as time wore on it became clear that it
made sense to merge. I think it makes sense for both groups."

Food Connects has been supporting the Windham Farm to School program since 2011,
and sales have grown from about $75,000 in 2011 to more than $213,000 in 2014.

"This merger allows us to scale up and to better align our efforts with big
picture initiatives in Vermont," said Food Connects co-founder and Executive
Director Richard Berkfield.

The food ordering and delivery system will now be managed as a social enterprise
program, and it will be better aligned with the Farm-to-School program that Food
Connects runs to improve food, farm and nutrition education

Food Connects helps set up buying clubs at housing developments and
neighborhoods and also shares curriculum with area schools to make it easier to
promote local agriculture in the classroom.

In 2014 Windham Farm and Food helped connect 28 farms and food producers with 55
buyers throughout the region, through a twice-a-week delivery system.

John Ayer, Food Service Director at Brattleboro Union High School, now purchases
about half of the produce he serves at the high school from farms within a 30
mile radius.

"The Windham Farm Food Network allows producers and buyers to connect with each
other in an efficient and mutually beneficial way," Ayer said. "I would not be
able to purchase from so many local farms without the convenience and low
prices."

Howard Weiss-Tisman can be contacted at 802-254-2311 ext 279.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Hans Estrin delivers boxes of produce into the kitchen at Academy
school in West Brattleboro.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              407 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Eastern Wake News (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             October 4, 2013 Friday

Zebulon polishing up Community, Whitley parks

BYLINE: Aaron Moody, Eastern Wake News (Zebulon, N.C.)

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 503 words


Oct. 04--ZEBULON -- With improvements to one town park nearing completion, the
focus has already shifted toward revamping another of Zebulon's recreational
spaces.

The town in July was awarded a Healthy Weight Implementation grant of nearly
$92,500 from the John Rex Endowment to bring new life to Whitley Park.

The project will add a new play station and upgrade the existing main structure
with a mulch bed with new borders to make it wheelchair-accessible. Plans also
call for a new swing set and other pieces.

Zebulon Community Center coordinator Sheila Long said work will begin in the
next several weeks. The target completion time is mid-December.

Long said some of the playground equipment will be similar to that installed at
Zebulon Community Park in 2011.

"It's not your typical park equipment," Long said. "It's going to be your newer,
more innovative equipment designed to engage the kids for at least 30 minutes."

The Whitley Park tennis courts will remain accessible to the public during
construction.

The final leg of a project to connect trails at Zebulon Community Park and form
a complete loop for walkers is expected to begin this week. Work there is
expected to be complete by mid-November.

The three-phase community park project began in 2011, when the town was awarded
$85,000 in Healthy Places, Active Spaces grant money from the John Rex
Endowment.

The first phase, paving a trail around Field A at the park, was completed in
late 2011. The second phase was completed last year. It consists of a trail
running through the woods alongside the disc golf course that links to the back
of the Zebulon First Baptist Church property, the paved walkway at the park's
playground and the phase one trail.

The final phase calls for a paved trail around Griswold Field on the south end
of the park. It will also connect the existing pavement between the two
ballfields to the phase two section, essentially forming a 3/4-mile circuit.

With the town facing a tight budget the last couple years, Long said neither
park project would have been possible without the 100 percent funding provided
through the grants.

"We're thankful to John Rex (Endowment), and really excited to offer these
improvements to the community," she said. "We find the community really enjoys
our parks, and this really improves the quality of life for the community in the
greater Zebulon area."

Zebulon Parks and Recreation Director Greg Johnson said the aim of the upgrades
was not to compete with Knightdale Station -- a park that opened off
Knightdale's First Avenue on Sept. 19. But he said the improvements should make
the Zebulon parks more attractive.

"We do get a lot of crossover from other towns in our parks," Johnson said.
"It's just important that we continue to develop parks and keep them up to date.
That's what brings people back -- how good it looks."

Moody: 919-829-4806

___ (c)2013 the Eastern Wake News (Zebulon, N.C.) Visit the Eastern Wake News
(Zebulon, N.C.) at www.easternwakenews.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131004-ZB-Zebulon-polishing-up-Community-Whitley-parks-1004-20131004

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZB


           Copyright 2013 Eastern Wake News (Zebulon, North Carolina)


                              408 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Eastern Wake News (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 30, 2013 Monday

Zebulon polishing up Community, Whitley parks

BYLINE: Aaron Moody, Eastern Wake News (Zebulon, N.C.)

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 503 words


Sept. 30--ZEBULON -- With improvements to one town park nearing completion, the
focus has already shifted toward revamping another of Zebulon's recreational
spaces.

The town in July was awarded a Healthy Weight Implementation grant of nearly
$92,500 from the John Rex Endowment to bring new life to Whitley Park.

The project will add a new play station and upgrade the existing main structure
with a mulch bed with new borders to make it wheelchair-accessible. Plans also
call for a new swing set and other pieces.

Zebulon Community Center coordinator Sheila Long said work will begin in the
next several weeks. The target completion time is mid-December.

Long said some of the playground equipment will be similar to that installed at
Zebulon Community Park in 2011.

"It's not your typical park equipment," Long said. "It's going to be your newer,
more innovative equipment designed to engage the kids for at least 30 minutes."

The Whitley Park tennis courts will remain accessible to the public during
construction.

The final leg of a project to connect trails at Zebulon Community Park and form
a complete loop for walkers is expected to begin this week. Work there is
expected to be complete by mid-November.

The three-phase community park project began in 2011, when the town was awarded
$85,000 in Healthy Places, Active Spaces grant money from the John Rex
Endowment.

The first phase, paving a trail around Field A at the park, was completed in
late 2011. The second phase was completed last year. It consists of a trail
running through the woods alongside the disc golf course that links to the back
of the Zebulon First Baptist Church property, the paved walkway at the park's
playground and the phase one trail.

The final phase calls for a paved trail around Griswold Field on the south end
of the park. It will also connect the existing pavement between the two
ballfields to the phase two section, essentially forming a 3/4-mile circuit.

With the town facing a tight budget the last couple years, Long said neither
park project would have been possible without the 100 percent funding provided
through the grants.

"We're thankful to John Rex (Endowment), and really excited to offer these
improvements to the community," she said. "We find the community really enjoys
our parks, and this really improves the quality of life for the community in the
greater Zebulon area."

Zebulon Parks and Recreation Director Greg Johnson said the aim of the upgrades
was not to compete with Knightdale Station -- a park that opened off
Knightdale's First Avenue on Sept. 19. But he said the improvements should make
the Zebulon parks more attractive.

"We do get a lot of crossover from other towns in our parks," Johnson said.
"It's just important that we continue to develop parks and keep them up to date.
That's what brings people back -- how good it looks."

Moody: 919-829-4806

___ (c)2013 the Eastern Wake News (Zebulon, N.C.) Visit the Eastern Wake News
(Zebulon, N.C.) at www.easternwakenews.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130930-ZB-Zebulon-polishing-up-Community-Whitley-parks-0930-20130930

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZB


           Copyright 2013 Eastern Wake News (Zebulon, North Carolina)


                              409 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                      Herald-Times (Bloomington, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 8, 2007 Sunday

School districts hoping for big grants

BYLINE: Nicole Kauffman, Herald-Times, Bloomington, Ind.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 883 words


Jul. 8--Both the Richland-Bean Blossom Community School Corp. and the Monroe
County Community School Corp. are hoping to hit the jackpot with grant
applications they have submitted to the Indiana Department of Transportation.

They want safer routes to school, with more sidewalks for students.

But the chances of both receiving the grant monies -- they each want about
$250,000 for the projects -- are slim. INDOT's Safe Routes to School Program has
a limited amount of money, about $2 million, to pass out to districts throughout
the state. It's possible Monroe County may not get anything from this round of
grants.

"It's really difficult to say," said Adrian Reid, Bloomington's city engineer.
"We have a good chance, but we're asking for a lot of money. ... The likelihood
of Monroe County getting two is slim."

A third grant also was written, a joint application for R-BB and MCCSC for more
safety training funds. "We use the same community partners, so we collaborated,
which was really nice," said Beth Krouse, co-director of the Family Resource
Center at Edgewood Primary School.

At R-BB, sidewalks currently surround the new school complexes, but they don't
actually connect anywhere, such as to the streets that children walk along to
get to the complexes.

The grant would allow sidewalks to be added to Reeves Road, connecting to
Edgewood Junior High School and to the Ridge Springs housing addition, as well
as out to Ind. 46. "There's nothing that connects through that neighborhood to
46 to make that safe for kids," Krouse said.

Only about 36 students walk to Edgewood Primary, Intermediate and Junior High
schools, and most walk in the afternoon because of after-school activities, she
said.

"It jumps up because of the junior high," she said. "Otherwise, it's three
(walkers)."

The grant would not only allow students better access to the schools; it would
give other area residents a safer place to walk.

"A family could walk all the way down to the library," Krouse said. "A lot of
the community comes up here (to the complexes) and walks, but they have to drive
and then walk."

The Templeton Elementary School community has long been unhappy with the state
of sidewalks -- and the lack of sidewalks -- around the school. Walkers battle a
lot of traffic in the neighborhood, and the problem was compounded during the
past couple of years, when parents started picking up and dropping off their
kids in the back loading area of the school.

"Over the past year, we've been looking at Templeton for the grant application.
(It has) inadequate infrastructure," Reid said.

The INDOT grant application will give Templeton a new pick-up and drop-off area
on a lane off of Henderson Street created from the bus stop. The bus stop will
be moved, and the lane will hold about seven cars.

The grant also will give Templeton a new crosswalk, located between Brenda Lane
and Driscoll Street, and an eight-foot median with signs and a crossing guard.
And, it will make sure there are sidewalks on both sides of Henderson Street

Reid said that without the grant for MCCSC, the Templeton project "may take a
little bit longer." It's easier to spend money knowing it will be reimbursed, he
said.

And neither corporation is holding its breath.

Contracts still haven't been signed for the 2006 grants, for which they received
approval notices in November. The grants are for infrastructure at Batchelor
Middle School and safety training, including bringing Wendi Kallins, author and
director of the Safe Routes to School Program, and Paul Zykofsky, Marin County
director of land use and transportation programs, to R-BB and MCCSC to give safe
route suggestions.

"Maybe there's an easier fix that maybe we're not seeing," Krouse said, adding
that Kallins and Zykofsky could spot obstacle trees and share signage ideas.

Because the INDOT money is given on a reimbursement basis, MCCSC and R-BB will
put their plans in motion when they sign the contracts.

"I thought we'd be done with even Batchelor (by now),"said John Carter, MCCSC
director of planning. Carter thinks part of the problem is that INDOT is a huge
organization that's not used to working with small amounts of money. They
usually deal with hundreds of millions of dollars.

And, to make a real change for the better when it comes to walking to school, it
will take more than just sidewalks.

"The main thing is, it has to be a cultural change for kids to walk to school,
for parents to allow their kids to walk to school," Carter said.

SAFE ROUTES PRESENTATION

--What: Public "Webinar" on Safe Routes to School Program.

--When: Noon-1:30 p.m. Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday.

--Where: Council chambers, City Hall, 401 N. Morton St.

--Info: 349-3417, www.in.gov/dot/div/programs/ saferoutes/.

--More: The presentation, sponsored by the Institute of Transportation Engineers
and hosted by the city of Bloomington, will give an overview of the program.

To see more of the Herald-Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.hoosiertimes.com. Copyright (c) 2007, Herald-Times, Bloomington, Ind.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070708-BM-SCHOOL-GRANTS-20070708

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BM


                          Copyright 2007 Herald-Times


                              410 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                         The Chatfield News (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 20, 2010

Inspiring success ahead

BYLINE: Tim Penny

LENGTH: 476  words


While celebrating past accomplishments here at Southern Minnesota Initiative
Foundation we are also looking forward to the new year, to discover more
opportunities for helping communities grow and prosper in 2010. For nearly 24
years, we've enjoyed partnerships that inspire economic success throughout our
region.

In fiscal 2009, SMIF invested a record $5.6 million into 138 successful
workforce and business projects. Each effort represented a unique partnership
that provided financial, technical and human resources to the southern Minnesota
regional economy.

In a recent example, a grant award for community entrepreneurship has enabled
further development of Lanesboro Local a virtual, online marketplace
(www.lanes-borolocal.org) that connects growers and producers with consumers.
This hugely successful effort started with SMIF's asset-based community dialog
grant in 2008. (See the complete story online at
http://smifoundation.org/fproj.php.)

Other examples of how we've connected people, ideas, issues, and resources to
advance the economic strength of our communities in the 20-county region
include:

Providing a start-up loan to Minnesota's first rural nanotechnology business
(Rushford Hypersonic)

Hosting the first regional conference on older workers that inspired new
collaborations

Investing in 11 new asset-based community partnerships to advance early
childhood and workforce readiness Awarding more than $314,000 in grants to 18
organizations engaged in economic development

As we enter 2010, we look forward in particular to collaborating with the
Partnership for Regional Competitiveness for Southern Minnesota -- a leadership
group focused on biobusiness, high-tech manufacturing and innovation. The out-,
comes this group seeks are more and higher-wage jobs, new and sustainable
businesses, and a diverse and skilled workforce in our region.

We're also building on the successful Owatonna branch of SCORE, finding other
experienced business leaders who can counsel startups and entrepreneurs in group
and one-on-one meetings.

In addition we plan to launch a new series of "Learning Networks" to connect and
leverage resources. The first, planned for January, is focused on career
education and experiential learning for youth.

But we can only accomplish this with partnerships to leverage individual and
community assets. Please contact me if you want to help advance the work of our
foundation: timp@smifoundation.org or (507)455-3215.

In turn, we pledge to continue to INSPIRE SUCCESS that builds a truly prosperous
southern Minnesota next year and into the future.

Tim Penny is the president and CEO of the Southern Minnesota Initiative
Foundation, which provides grants, loans, technical expertise and partnerships
for the emerging workforce and new businesses, especially in the areas of
bio-medical, bio-agriculture and alternative energy.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CHA

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2010 The Chatfield News


                              411 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Innisfail Advocate (Australia)

                           February 28, 2015 Saturday
                               Innisfail Edition

Heart starter device donated to Landcare group

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 354 words


A DEVICE which can revive heart attack victims has been donated to the Johnstone
Region Landcare Group.

Terrain NRM donated the automatic defibrillator which will be on standby at
Landcare volunteer events.

Last year Terrain NRM's Human Resource Officer, Kelly O'Kane, was successful in
obtaining a grant from the Gambling Community Benefit Fund Grant for $12,088 to
buy five devices which have been distributed to community groups that partner
with Terrain in natural resource management activities across the Wet Tropics.

"Kelly has done a great job securing these funds to purchase the units, two of
which will be available in Terrain's Innisfail and Tableland offices, and the
remaining three distributed around the region for community use," Terrain's
corporate services manager, Michelle Nusse, said.

Johnstone Region Landcare president Bernie Crow welcomed the donation.
"Johnstone Region Landcare has an on-ground work crew based at our Backyard
Blitz site in Innisfail and with a lot of senior volunteers at our events, to
have such a device on hand will be peace of mind for us," said Mr Crow.

Ms Nusse said it was a worthwhile and valuable donation.

"We are rarely in a position to make this type of resource available to our
partners, and are really pleased that we can contribute to the safety and
wellbeing of the dedicated volunteers working on the ground delivering great
projects," she said.

"Rescue 1 was the local supplier of the units and were very helpful with advice
on the purchases and provided water proof containers for the units to go to the
Community Groups" said Ms O'Kane.

Terrain donated trailers of equipment to some community groups last year and is
pleased to further spread support to other groups with the defibrillator units
going to community groups on the Tablelands, Cassowary Coast and Ingham areas.To
connect with community groups working on natural resource management projects
across the region, go to www.terrain.org.auand click on "connect with your
community". Terrain NRM is one of 56 regional bodies across Australia working
with community and partners to look after natural resources.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Innisfail Advocate


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              412 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 5, 2015 Friday

Tennessee: Germantown Named Big Read Grant Recipient

LENGTH: 574  words

DATELINE: Nashville


City of Germantown, The state of Tennessee has issued the following news
release:

The City of Germantown is a recipient of a grant of $10,000 to host The Big
Read. A program of theBig Read logo National Endowment for the Arts, The Big
Read broadens our understanding of our world, our communities, and ourselves
through the joy of sharing a good book. Managed by Arts Midwest, this initiative
offers grants to support innovative community reading programs designed around a
single book. The City is one of 75 nonprofit organizations to receive a grant to
host a Big Read project between September 2015 and June 2016. The Big Read in
Germantown will focus on "A Wizard of Earthsea" by Ursula K. Le Guin. Activities
will take place in October and November.

"Germantown is honored to be a Big Read community. Our residents are committed
to education and lifelong learning and this is the perfect way for us to come
together to celebrate that commitment," said Germantown Mayor Mike Palazzolo.
NEA Chairman Jane Chu said, "The Big Read is a powerful example of how the arts
can bring communities together and help us to connect with one another. These 75
organizations, including the City of Germantown, are creating valuable
opportunities for their communities to share wonderful stories and characters
and to have meaningful conversations."

The Big Read provides communities nationwide with the opportunity to read,
discuss, and celebrate one of 37 selections from U.S. and world literature. The
75 selected organizations will receive Big Read grants to promote and carry out
community-based reading programs. The NEA has also developed high-quality,
free-of-charge educational materials to supplement each title, including
reader's guides, teacher's guides, and audio programming, all of which are
available to the public on neabigread.org.

Germantown's Big Read celebration will include programs at Germantown Community
Library, Germantown Performing Arts Center, Germantown Community Theater and
Germantown Municipal Schools. The book, "A Wizard of Earthsea," was chosen for
its appeal to readers of all ages.

For more information about The Big Read please visit neabigread.org.

Established by Congress in 1965, the National Endowment for the Arts is the
independent federal agency whose funding and support gives Americans the
opportunity to participate in the arts, exercise their imaginations, and develop
their creative capacities. Through partnerships with state arts agencies, local
leaders, other federal agencies, and the philanthropic sector, the NEA supports
arts learning, affirms and celebrates America's rich and diverse cultural
heritage, and extends its work to promote equal access to the arts in every
community across America. For more information, visit arts.gov.

Arts Midwest promotes creativity, nurtures cultural leadership, and engages
people in meaningful arts experiences, bringing vitality to Midwest communities
and enriching people's lives. Based in Minneapolis, Arts Midwest connects the
arts to audiences throughout the nine-state region of Illinois, Indiana, Iowa,
Michigan, Minnesota, North Dakota, Ohio, South Dakota, and Wisconsin. One of six
non-profit regional arts organizations in the United States, Arts Midwest's
history spans more than 25 years. For more information, please visit
artsmidwest.org.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              413 of 998 DOCUMENTS



           Hart County's Newspaper News-Herald (Horse Cave, Kentucky)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 30, 2015

CRTI continues crusade to network communitys trails

BYLINE: Hart Countys News-Herald staff

LENGTH: 736  words


Cave Region Trails Initiative (CRTI) submitted a grant proposal in hopes of
gaining support to their project. The grant that was written is for
administrative support and leadership in developing a master plan to connect
communities surrounding Mammoth Cave National Park.

Cave City Tourism and Convention Commission Executive Director Sharon Tabor is
reaching out for backing on this project by asking others to submit letters of
support or commitment to those who feel they will benefit from the trails. "We
have already received some really strong letters of support from groups. This
will make a huge economic impact," said Tabor.

CRTI continues their crusade that will move towards a regional network of
biking, hiking, walking, equestrian, and water trails to connect communities and
make the Mammoth Cave area in south central Kentucky a more attractive
destination and place to live. This initiative promotes healthy lifestyles while
attracting new businesses, managed with local flavor, resulting in regional
economic growth.

The outcome that is expected with this project will be to connect the following
areas via trails and connect communities including Park City, Cave City,
Glasgow, Smiths Grove, Brownsville, Horse Cave, Munfordville, Bonnieville, Cub
Run, Oakland and Bowling Green Three State Parks (Barren River, Nolin Lake,
Rough River) and One National Park (Mammoth Cave).

The trails will promote outdoor activities and will improve health and lifestyle
options, economic impact, tourism and business development, inventory of the
assets (outdoor rec, cultural -- arts, music, festival/events,
theater,-natural/scenic, agritourism, historical -- national register
districts), marketing products to promote the project, coordinating with other
state, local and federal entities to plan for expansion of alternate
transportation sources (bike lanes, pedestrian lanes,) and engaging youth and
outdoor activity.

Recent surveys collected from http://www.americashealthrankings.org/KY indicate
that Kentucky is 47 in national health rankings. Kentucky's health issues are
associated with physical inactivity, especially throughout the rural population
in the focus area. Some of the most notable health issues include cardiovascular
disease, Type 2 Diabetes, and obesity, all of which can lead to further
complications including death. According to the Center for Disease Control, 86%
of all health care spending in 2010 was for people with one or more chronic
diseases. Being physically active is important to improving personal health.
People who are physically active tend to live longer and have a lower risk for
heart disease, stroke, type 2 diabetes, depression, some cancers, and obesity.
In Kentucky, 46.8 percent of adults and 21.9 percent of youth meet the aerobic
physical activity guidelines. People may have the necessary knowledge, skills,
attitudes, and motivation to be physically active, but if they do not have
access to the necessary places where they can be active, they may be restricted
or prohibited from being physically active. Opportunities and supports that
create or enhance access to safe places for physical activity may include
improving neighborhood access to quality parks, sidewalks, walking paths, and
local or school physical activity facilities. Only 19.8% of Kentucky's
population lives within Smile of a park or other outdoor recreational
opportunities compared to 39.2% nationally. The Barren River District Health
Department, TJ Sampson Hospital, BRIGHT Coalition, Caverna Schools, Glasgow
Independent

Schools, Barren County Schools, Bowling Green Independent Schools and Warren
County Schools are active stakeholders in this project through newsletters,
websites, social media, and educational and physical activity curriculum. The
goal of their participation is to persuade health care clients and students to
adopt more active lifestyles, thereby reducing long-range health care costs.

CRTI will initiate, provide access to, and develop, outdoor space in order to
reduce health challenges within Barren, Edmonson, Hart and Warren County
Kentucky.

If you would like to support the effort by writing a letter of support (i.e.
volunteer labor, grant support, mapping, engineer, financial, marketing,
greenways legislation) contact Cave City Tourism and Convention Commission
Executive Director Sharon Tabor at 502 Mammoth Cave St. Cave City, KY 42127 or
call 270-773-3131.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HCN

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
               Copyright 2015 Hart County's Newspaper News-Herald


                              414 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                           February 4, 2006 Saturday

$600,000 grant goes to Penney Farms

BYLINE: BETH REESE CRAVEY

SECTION: Pg. M-6

LENGTH: 452 words


Penney Farms has received a $600,000 state grant to help fund a wastewater
treatment project that could cost at least $3 million.

The project will be a new treatment plant or a connecting line to the Clay
County Utility Authority system. Either method would replace an aging treatment
plant in Penney Retirement Community (PRC), where a majority of the town's 710
residents live, and replace the septic tanks that serve the rest of Penney
Farms.

"This would be the first town plant, to serve the town and PRC," said Town
Manager Martina Kohler. "That's our plan. . . . We hope to eliminate septic
tanks."

The Florida Department of Environmental Protection is encouraging local
governments and utility authorities statewide to eliminate septic tanks,
officials said.

"It's more environmentally safe and healthier," Kohler said.

Penney Farms had already received a $1.2 million grant from the state Revolving
Fund and $1 million from DEP, she said. The latest $600,000 was from a federally
funded Community Development Block Grant administered by the state Department of
Community Affairs.

A contingent of local, state and federal officials gathered at Town Hall Monday
for the ceremonial presentation of an oversized $600,000 check. State Sen.
Evelyn Lynn, R-Ormond Beach, whose district includes Penney Farms, and Michelle
Barth of U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson's staff were among the group congratulating town
officials on the grant.

"It was a well-written grant, demonstrating the need," Lynn said.

She said she and other legislators who represent small communities such as
Penney Farms, which do not have the financial resources of larger cities and
counties, work hard to make sure they get state assistance.

"They are in great need," Lynn said.

The town hopes to secure more funding, possibly from Clay County's State Housing
Initiative Partnership program, to help Penney Farms residents connect their
homes to the new system, Kohler said.

But first the Town Council has to decide the scope and ultimate owner of the
system.

One option is to build a new treatment plant somewhere in or near the town. Town
and state officials are consulting on an appropriate site.

Additional funding likely would be necessary to build a full plant, Kohler said.
Also, if a plant is built, the council has to decide whether to operate it as a
town utility or donate it to the Utility Authority to run as part of its
countywide system.

The other option is to build a sewer line from the town west along nearby County
Road 218 -- most of the line would be outside the town borders -- to connect to
the Utility Authority system.

Those issues are to be discussed at the council's Feb. 21 meeting.

beth.cravey@jacksonville.com, (904) 278-9487, extension 14.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
BETH REESE CRAVEY/staff State Sen. Evelyn Lynn (front, second from left) and
Michelle Barth of U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson's office (rear, right) and Penney Farms
officials cluster around a ceremonial $600,000 check.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 The Florida Times-Union


                              415 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           December 29, 2011 Thursday

Bangor to pursue grant for Essex Street-Cascade Park trail

BYLINE: Dawn Gagnon BDN Staff

LENGTH: 335 words


BANGOR, Maine -- If the city's application is successful, pedestrians and
bicyclists soon may be able to make their way from the Bangor Mall area to
Cascade Park in relative safety.


City councilors Wednesday night authorized an application for a grant that would
cover most of the cost of a key link in a network of recreational trails planned
for the city.


Plans for the project call for building about half a mile of paved
bicycle-pedestrian trail from the end of Sylvan Road to the Interstate
95/Stillwater Avenue overpass, according to city documents.


That is the only nonpassable part of a roughly 3-mile trail that ultimately will
link Essex Street to Cascade Park, Lucy Quimby, chairman of the Bangor Trails
Project, said during a City Council meeting Wednesday night.


The route connects those two points by way of Saxl Park, Eastern Maine Community
College, Stillwater Avenue and Essex Woods. As such, the route is handy to the
Bangor Mall area and the "tree streets" as well as the Stillwater Gardens
neighborhood.


Though the the trails group had less than a month's notice about the grant
opportunity, plans for that trail and others have been in the works for almost
six years.


Because of the health, recreational and travel benefits it would provide to
users -- and the way it connects neighborhoods, businesses, institutions and
natural areas -- the proposed Cascade Park to Essex Woods trail received high
ratings in a survey of residents done several years ago, Quimby noted this month
in a memo to city councilors.


The federal Transportation, Community and System Preservation Program grant the
city is seeking would cover the bulk of the $595,900 project cost. It comes with
a 20 percent local match requirement that can be met with cash, material and
supplies or labor.


The Bangor Land Trust already is putting up $20,000 provided by the Stephen and
Tabitha King and Elmina B. Sewall foundations toward the project, according to
Quimby. The trail project is a joint venture of the city and the land trust.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Bangor Daily News


                              416 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     Hendricks County Flyer (Avon, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 7, 2008 Friday

County receives grant for National Road Heritage Trail

BYLINE: Wade Coggeshall, Hendricks County Flyer, Avon, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 587 words


Nov. 7--The Hendricks County Parks and Recreation Department received notice
Thursday from the Indiana Department of Transportation that it's been approved
for a Transportation Enhancement Program (TEP) grant it applied for in August.

The county had requested $1 million in TEP funds to acquire property and
easements in order to extend the National Road Heritage Trail from Amo to
Cartersburg Road. Ultimately INDOT awarded $665,238 to the county, out of about
$940,000 available.

Joe Spear, INDOT's program coordinator for the Crawfordsville District, said the
federal government normally allocates about $20 million annually to TEP. Of that
about 20 percent is given to metropolitan planning organizations to disburse
among their local agencies for transportation enhancement projects. While much
of Hendricks County is in the Indianapolis Metropolitan Planning Organization,
its parks department is not. They applied for this TEP grant through the
Crawfordsville district. The rest was allocated to Rockville for a
street-lighting project along its U.S. 41 corridor.

"Considering that's all they had to distribute and we ranked as highly as we
did, I think that's wonderful," said Bill Roche, Hendricks County parks
director.

Because TEP grants are awarded ahead of time, the actual funds won't be
available for a couple of years yet. And costs being what they are, Roche says
the grant won't cover all the land acquisition needed to extend what's known as
the Vandalia Trail from Amo to Cartersburg Road.

"It's a start," Roche said. "It's not going to get us all the way there, but
it's a great beginning."

The ultimate goal is to have the National Road Heritage Trail stretching 150
miles from Terre Haute to Anderson, including a 20-mile portion through
Hendricks County. Parts are already developed here, including the aforementioned
three-mile Vandalia Trail, which connects Coatesville to Amo, and a couple of
miles in Plainfield.

"Our county has pretty much been a leader in the development of this," Roche
said. "This is part of a national trail system envisioned to eventually link
states."

TEP, which has been around a number of years, is meant for such
transportation-related, non-traditional projects. And Spear said Gov. Mitch
Daniels has been a strong proponent of developing an advanced trail system in
Indiana.

"He, as well as us, would like to see people using these trails to get around to
other communities instead of always having to use their cars," Spear said. "It
provides good exercise and helps keep emissions down. It also makes for safer
transportation. The big plan is for a lot of these trails to connect and take
you from one community to the next."

And Roche says Hendricks' portion of the NRHT is a model other communities could
duplicate. There's already an equestrian trail that parallels Vandalia, which he
also hopes to extend.

"This equestrian trail will eventually link many communities," he said. "It
could go all the way from Clayton to maybe Greencastle and beyond. You can't
really find anything else like it in the state right now."

wade.coggeshall@flyergroup.com

To see more of the Hendricks County Flyer or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://flyergroup.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Hendricks County Flyer, Avon, Ind.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20081107-FX-County-receives-grant-for-National-Road-Heritage-Trail-1107

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FX


                                 Copyright 2008


                              417 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Sanford Herald (North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday

Lee County joins state in approving Connect N.C.

BYLINE: Hailey Hall, The Sanford Herald, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 559 words


March 17--SANFORD -- While about two-thirds of North Carolina voters voted in
favor of the $2 billion Connect N.C. Bond measure, the margin in Lee County was
much slimmer, with 5,982 for and 5,220 against.

The bond's passage gives the state authorization to distribute $2 billion for
the state's community colleges, the University of North Carolina system, the
state parks system, water and sewer grants and loans, agriculture, the National
Guard and state zoos, as noted by Gov. Pat McCrory at a press conference
Wednesday morning at Jordan Lake State Recreation Area.

"[I want] to thank the voters and people of North Carolina," McCrory said. "We
presented them a proposal and allowed them to have the choice on whether or not
the people of North Carolina wanted to invest in the next generation, and the
people yesterday ... resoundingly said absolutely yes."

As part of the bond, $350 million would go to community colleges, $100 million
would go to state park projects and around $300 million would go to improving
water and sewer systems.

"What we did was present the facts, the opposition to the bonds and ... how this
money could be spent in other ways if [voters] so choose," McCrory said. "But we
presented the argument for and against these bonds, and the people said yes to
them."

Central Carolina Community College President T. Eston "Bud" Marchant said the
bond's passage was a blessing for the community college system and the other
beneficiaries.

"I think the people of North Carolina realized the importance of not just giving
back to community colleges, but also the state colleges and all others that are
involved," Marchant said.

He added that the CCCC Board of Trustees has made no decision on what the bond
money would be used for in an effort not to "count their chickens before they
hatched."

Yet not everyone was in favor of the bond's passage.

"I'm disappointed," said Lee County Commissioner Kirk Smith. "It's a grab-bag of
goodies... [and now] our taxpayers [are going to be] enamored by debt."

Smith felt that CCCC could use the $6.3 million the bond will provide it for
buildings, upgrades and facility improvements rather than the porposed plan to
reroute Kelly Drive, which currently sends traffic directly through the Sanford
campus.

Regarding the bonds to be given to the National Guard, McCrory pointed out that
"we have facilities, for example, that aren't suited for integrating men and
women ... We've got to make sure that we're building these facilities where we
understand the new dynamics and that we also understand the equipment needs of
the future."

However, Smith said there was a budgetary requirement that designates a certain
amount of funding from the state to be given to the National Guard, and that it
was taken out of the budget and promised to be given back through the bonds.

"They hold it hostage from the bond, similar to the schools holding children
hostage when the schools ask for money," Smith said.

And while more than 730,000 voters across the state agreed with Smith that the
bond should not be approved, 1.4 million voted for it.

"This money is quite an investment," McCrory said of the $2 billion. "[We need
to] make sure we spend this money right."

___ (c)2016 The Sanford Herald (Sanford, N.C.) Visit The Sanford Herald
(Sanford, N.C.) at www.sanfordherald.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160317-HD-Lee-County-joins-state-in-approving-Connect
-N-C-0317-20160317

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HD


                         Copyright 2016 Sanford Herald


                              418 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                     The Mecklenburg Times (Charlotte, NC)

                             August 16, 2013 Friday

Charlotte and Mecklenburg County community growth workshops scheduled for fall

BYLINE: Mecklenburg Times Staff Reports

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 363  words


Residents of Charlotte and Mecklenburg County have the opportunity to help plan
for the area's future growth at nine interactive sessions in September and
October.

The two-hour community growth workshops are part of the 14-county, two-state
CONNECT Our Future initiative being coordinated by Centralina Council of
Governments, based in Charlotte, and Catawba Regional Council of Governments,
based in Rock Hill, SC.

"Our region is expected to grow by another 1.8 million people and 860,000 jobs
by 2050.   The goal of the CONNECT effort is to plan and change by local choice
- not chance," said Martha Sue Hall, board chairperson for Centralina, in an
announcement. "We're encouraging residents to invest two hours at a workshop and
make a difference in their county and the region for the next 40 years. "

More than 700 Mecklenburg residents have already participated in other CONNECT
Our Future events to date, including open houses, small groups and RealityCheck
2050, a day-long visioning session. The CONNECT Our Future effort is funded by a
grant from the U. S. Department of Housing and Urban Development.

Workshops will be held from 9-11 a.m., 1-3 p.m., and 6:30-8:30 p.m. in Charlotte
on Sept. 25, in Pineville on Oct. 2 and in Davidson on Oct. 14. Each workshop
will have the same agenda.

Participants will work at tables of 10 people and map out the growth of the
county, considering where people will need to work, live and play, and how to
enhance and protect quality of life as the county and region grow.

The ideas discussed and maps developed at the community growth workshops will be
combined with input already gathered across the region. From these shared ideas,
four or five possible scenarios for the growth of the region will be created.

In the spring and summer of 2014, residents will again be asked for input - this
time about which of the alternative growth scenarios they prefer.

To register to participate in a community growth workshop and for more
information on CONNECT Our Future go to http://www.ConnectOurFuture.org.

http://www.mecktimes.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              419 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             July 11, 2009 Saturday
                                  City Edition

BUSINESSES TO MEET UCO STUDENTS

BYLINE: Staff Reports

SECTION: BUSINESS; OKLAHOMA BRIEFS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 365 words


The University of Central Oklahoma's 2009 UCO Business Expo Aug. 20 will offer
local businesses the opportunity to directly connect with its diverse student
body of nearly 16,000 and 1,300 employees during its annual back-to-school
"Stampede Week" activities. The event is from 9 a.m. Registration is now open
online at myinterfase.com/ucok/employer for businesses that want to participate.
Businesses that sign up by July 31 can register for $100, with registration
increasing to $125 after. Edmond Chamber of Commerce members can register for a
special fee of $75 until July 31, with registration increasing to $100 after
that date. For more information, contact Beth Adele at 974-2766.

Nonprofits eligible for grants

Grants of up to $2,500 are available to Oklahoma City area nonprofits, thanks to
a program designed to assist organizations that benefit the local community. The
Cox Connects Foundation will award $165,000 worth of grants to Oklahoma
nonprofit organizations this year. The Cox Connects Foundation was founded in
2005, and also offers grants to K-12 classroom programs and scholarships to
incoming college students. Nonprofit organizations can apply for a grant at
www.coxconnectsok.com. The application deadline is Aug. 14.

Raw food fair planned today

NOBLE - A raw food event featuring free smoothies, informational booths and
speakers is planned for today. A juice bar will serve complementary beverages
and wheat grass shots, and attendees can sample raw food dishes. Speakers will
discuss herbal detox, super foods, raw food nutrition and healthy living.
Geoffrey van Glabbeek, chef at 105degrees, a new restaurant opening in September
in Oklahoma City's Classen Curve shopping center, will speak on the benefits of
the raw food diet. The fair will be from 5 to 10 p.m. at the Oklahoma Botanicals
Farm, 8751 Maguire Road.

Family care clinic to open

EDMOND - INTEGRIS Health's new family care clinic in the north Edmond
neighborhood of Coffee Creek opens July 13. The facility at 2916 N Kelly Ave.
will house three physicians: Mirela Carter, family medicine; Charlyce Davis,
internal medicine; and Amanda Thomas, family medicine. For more information,
call 715-5300.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              420 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                           October 16, 2013 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Hundreds take part in homelessness event

BYLINE: Peter James, The Citizen

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 462 words


Terence Craig moved to Prince George in August, but he still doesn't have a
place to live.

"I look at myself as a man of responsibility and accountability, but I
temporarily find myself on the street," Craig said. "I've been staying at the
hostels ever since I moved into town."

Craig was one of hundreds of people to visit the Prince George Native Friendship
Centre on Tuesday to take part in Connect Day. Part of Homelessness Action Week,
Tuesday's event offered survival backpacks consisting of blankets, essentials
like toothpaste and clothes, to those living on the street. People could also
receive a free hair cut and have a free family photo taken.

"Number one, I wanted to get a hair cut, so when I saw the hair cut on the
advertisement, I thought I might as well come on down," Craig said. "But I also
took advantage of grabbing a back pack and a few other items of need."

Representatives from 14 community organizations were also on hand Tuesday to
give people without a home a chance to connect with service providers. Community
Partners Addressing Homelessness Society chairman Brandon Grant said they
expected about 250 people to access the service on Tuesday, which is about 100
more than used it just five years ago.

Grant said although the number of people living on the street appears stable,
more and more people are in a position where they have to choose to spend the
money they earn working on either rent or food - not both.

"A lot of people think of homelessness as the absolute homelessness picture, the
guy sleeping out on the street," he said. "That's changed. We see a lot of
working poor accessing services now."

Like Craig, Madeline Belcourt was first attracted to Connect Day because she saw
the free haircut ad at a local shelter. Although she's been without a home of
her own for 12 years, this is the first time she attended the event.

Belcourt picked up some bus tickets and a blanket among other items in her
backpack, but it was the hair cut that put a big smile on her face.

She's optimistic she can eventually move from the ranks of the homeless to
someone who has a place to call her own.

"I'm taking programs here to get myself a job and then get myself a home," she
said. "It's good so far and with my haircut I feel a lot better."

Connect Day and other events this week, including a turkey lunch on Wednesday at
the Fire Pit, a pancake breakfast on Thursday at the Native Friendship Centre
and a potlatch on Friday at the Fire Pit, are put on through the work of
volunteers.

Grant was thankful for all who helped out, in particular UNBC students who
raised about $3,500 through their Five Days for the Homeless campaign in the
spring.

"It takes a lot of volunteer hours to put it on, but it's always worth it," he
said. "We see the great need."

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Citizen Photo By Brent Braaten; Terence Craig gets his hair cut Tuesday
at the Homelessness Action Week Connect Day at the Native Friendship Centre.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              421 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            February 17, 2012 Friday

Greene County

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 575 words


FAIRBORN

Wright State official named to Latino panel

Gov. John Kasich has appointed Tony Ortiz, Latino community liaison for Wright
State University, to the Ohio Commission on Hispanic/Latino Affairs for a term
ending in 2014.

Ortiz said he intends to keep the governor informed of issues affecting Latino
communities as well as work on efforts to create jobs around the state both for
Latinos and all Ohioans.

"This gives me an opportunity at a state level to do more," said Ortiz.

Ortiz heads the Latino Dream Team, a group of Dayton-area Latino organizations
whose mission is to preserve the culture of Latinos and assimilate them into the
fabric of the community.

The group has taken the lead in addressing education, health care, economic and
quality-of-life issues relating to the Latino community.

The commission advises the governor, Ohio General Assembly and state government
agencies on matters affecting Hispanic Ohioans by issuing reports, proposing
programs, commenting on legislation and conducting policy-related research.

DIANA BLOWERS, CONTRIBUTING WRITER

XENIA

Foundation to award health-related grants

The Greene Community Health Foundation, the philanthropic arm of the Greene
County Combined Health District, is accepting applications for its community
grants.

The foundation's mission is to improve the health and wellness of Greene County
residents by raising funds and participating in community outreach programs.

The foundation will be offering five to ten community grants, of as much as
$1,000 each, to help support Greene County programs that focus on the following:

Youth involvement, promote healthy lifestyles, address a current public health
issue, disease prevention, grass-roots health care and information and more.

Completed grant applications must be postmarked by March 16. For more
information and to access an application, visit www.gcchd.org.

DIANA BLOWERS, CONTRIBUTING WRITER

FAIRBORN

Annual report will be presented March 16

The Greene County Community Improvement Corporation and the Greene County Board
of Commissioners will present the 2011 annual report to the community from 7:30
to 9 a.m. March 16 at the Holiday Inn at 2800 Presidential Drive in Fairborn. A
continental breakfast will be served.

County officials will give an update on 2011 economic development and
achievement award winners will be recognized. The 2011 E.J. Nutter Award will be
presented to Rafael (Marc) Marderosian.

Organizers request that attendants RSVP no later than March 5. To do so, call
(937) 562-5007, fax (937) 56-5645 or email tholloway@co.greene.oh.us

STAFF REPORT

BEAVERCREEK

Bridge would connect Wright State and mall

The City of Beavercreek is proposing to construct a pedestrian bridge spanning
Interstate 675 in the area of Wright State University and the Mall at Fairfield
Commons.

The bridge will connect the existing multi-use path at Commons Boulevard south
of the interstate to pedestrian facilities along Center Park Boulevard north of
the interstate.

There will be a public meeting regarding the project from 6 to 8 p.m. Feb. 28 at
the City of Beavercreek Council Chambers, 1368 Research Park Drive.

Attendees will have the opportunity to view displays depicting the proposed
bridge and other project details.

Representatives from the city, Ohio Department of Transportation and the
consultant staff will be available to answer questions. Attendees are encouraged
to provide input regarding the project.

DIANA BLOWERS, CONTRIBUTING WRITER

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              422 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Public Opinion (Chambersburg, Pennsylvania)

                              May 22, 2009 Friday

About the 4 winners of block grants in Franklin County

BYLINE: Staff report

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 416 words


Letterkenny Township Municipal Authority got $75,000 to help qualifying
households connect to public sewer. The Cumberland Franklin Joint Municipal
Authority is constructing the $5 million sewer line in Letterkenny Township,
from Orrstown to Upper Strasburg.

Nearly 120 low- to moderate-income households are getting financial help to
connect to sewer. A qualified homeowner will get help in paying a contractor to
run a line from his or her house to the authority 's pipe at the road. To
acquire a competitive $350,000 block grant from the state for the project, the
county was required to put in its own block grant funds.

- - -

Quincy Township got $125,000 to extend a water line on Furnace Road. The
township's $500,000 project will supply drinking water to 44 families, most of
whom get their potable water from cisterns.

Block grant money previously paid for extending the water line from Mont Alto to
17 homes in Quincy Township.

The latest project will extend the line 7,000 feet to Fox Hill near Tomstown
Road.

A landowner is willing to put $125,000 toward the project, according to Quincy
Township Supervisor Robert Gunder. The owner plans to develop about 156 homes on
the land, but the Borough of Mont Alto has not agreed to supply them.

"The $125,000 is in doubt," Gunder said. "As it stands right now, we would not
be able to go to the end of the 7,000 feet."

Should the developer contribution fall through, the township would seek the
amount through the block grant, Gunder said.

Gunder contends the borough has enough water. David Monn of the borough
authority was not available for comment on Thursday.

Quincy has been financing the project piecemeal through the block grant program
since 2007. The township contribution is $25,000.

The project is to start in the fall once the township has the permits, Gunder
said.

- - -

The village of Dry Run got $18,417 to cover cost overruns from a project to
replace water lines. The community in Fannett Township had asked for $81,000.

The county block grant program has put more than $1 million into rebuilding the
water system since 1994.

The block grant program already has paid for 95 percent of the most recent
project.

- - -

Indian Lake Camp Corp., Fannettsburg, got $200,000 to $120,000 from the annual
county block grant and $80,000 from the Community Development Block Grant
Recovery. Water mains will be replaced as part of another ongoing public water
project in Path Valley. The community had asked for $442,000. Half the project
can be completed.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 Public Opinion
                              All Rights Reserved


                              423 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 30, 2016 Friday

Washington: Reed Announces $170K for Senior Services in Lincoln

LENGTH: 603  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Jack Reed has issued the following news
release:



 In an effort to better integrate supportive services into senior housing, U.S.
Senator Jack Reed announced today that the Lincoln Housing Authority (LHA) will
receive $169,497 in federal funding through the Resident Opportunities for Self
Sufficiency (ROSS) Service Coordinator program.  The funding, which is
administered by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD), will
help hire a service coordinator to assist residents in need at Lincoln Manor and
Manville Manor, two LHA sites in Lincoln, for a span of three years.





 Service coordinators help elderly and disabled residents connect with outside
agencies and organizations to access the services and support they need, such as
nutritional assistance, preventative health screenings and wellness programs,
and transportation.  They also serve as a liaison to community agencies, network
with community providers, and seek out needed services for residents.  This
innovative program helps prevent social isolation, senior victimization, and
unnecessary or premature institutionalization in nursing homes.



 The LHA service coordinator will oversee a total of 246 elderly/disabled
housing units at Lincoln Manor and Manville Manor, and will focus on expanding
mental health treatments, assisting with Activities of Daily Living (ADL), and
easing residents' access to veterans' benefits.  The LHA also plans to increase
residents' access to information regarding affordable health care insurance and
help provide primary care services and referral procedures for at-risk
residents.  Through LHA's partnership with PACE (Program of All-Inclusive Care
for the Elderly), the LHA will also identify and target high-need residents.



 "This federal funding will help hire a service coordinator to work directly
with residents at Lincoln Manor and Manville Manor and connect them to needed
services.  The coordinator can act as an information concierge of sorts, so when
seniors have a problem, there is someone there who can listen, identify
solutions, and connect them with appropriate community-based supports, whether
it is the VA or Meals-On-Wheels.  Ultimately, service coordinators educate
residents and advocate for them.  Often times, they prevent small problems from
turning into more costly crises, helping seniors and saving taxpayers," said
Senator Reed, the Ranking Member of the Senate Appropriations Transportation,
Housing and Urban Development (THUD) Subcommittee, which oversees federal
spending for HUD programs.



 "I am extremely grateful that  Lincoln Housing Authority has been selected to
receive this ROSS grant.  Providing the best service possible to our residents
is of the utmost importance to Lincoln Housing Authority and this grant will
assist us in accomplishing this goal," said LHA Executive Director Claudette
Kuligowski.



 This is the first ROSS Service Coordinator grant for the Lincoln Housing
Authority.  The Providence Housing Authority and Johnston Housing Authority both
received ROSS grant funding in 2014.



 The Lincoln Housing Authority was formed in 1963 to provide affordable, decent,
safe, and sanitary housing to individuals and families with low-incomes in
Lincoln.  Since its inception, LHA has serviced over 3,000 families in need,
most of which are elderly.  The management of the LHA's properties have been
consistently rated "High Performing" by the U. S. Department of Housing and
Urban Development.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              424 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 30, 2016 Friday

Washington: Reed Announces $170K for Senior Services in Lincoln

LENGTH: 603  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Jack Reed has issued the following news
release:



 In an effort to better integrate supportive services into senior housing, U.S.
Senator Jack Reed announced today that the Lincoln Housing Authority (LHA) will
receive $169,497 in federal funding through the Resident Opportunities for Self
Sufficiency (ROSS) Service Coordinator program.  The funding, which is
administered by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD), will
help hire a service coordinator to assist residents in need at Lincoln Manor and
Manville Manor, two LHA sites in Lincoln, for a span of three years.





 Service coordinators help elderly and disabled residents connect with outside
agencies and organizations to access the services and support they need, such as
nutritional assistance, preventative health screenings and wellness programs,
and transportation.  They also serve as a liaison to community agencies, network
with community providers, and seek out needed services for residents.  This
innovative program helps prevent social isolation, senior victimization, and
unnecessary or premature institutionalization in nursing homes.



 The LHA service coordinator will oversee a total of 246 elderly/disabled
housing units at Lincoln Manor and Manville Manor, and will focus on expanding
mental health treatments, assisting with Activities of Daily Living (ADL), and
easing residents' access to veterans' benefits.  The LHA also plans to increase
residents' access to information regarding affordable health care insurance and
help provide primary care services and referral procedures for at-risk
residents.  Through LHA's partnership with PACE (Program of All-Inclusive Care
for the Elderly), the LHA will also identify and target high-need residents.



 "This federal funding will help hire a service coordinator to work directly
with residents at Lincoln Manor and Manville Manor and connect them to needed
services.  The coordinator can act as an information concierge of sorts, so when
seniors have a problem, there is someone there who can listen, identify
solutions, and connect them with appropriate community-based supports, whether
it is the VA or Meals-On-Wheels.  Ultimately, service coordinators educate
residents and advocate for them.  Often times, they prevent small problems from
turning into more costly crises, helping seniors and saving taxpayers," said
Senator Reed, the Ranking Member of the Senate Appropriations Transportation,
Housing and Urban Development (THUD) Subcommittee, which oversees federal
spending for HUD programs.



 "I am extremely grateful that  Lincoln Housing Authority has been selected to
receive this ROSS grant.  Providing the best service possible to our residents
is of the utmost importance to Lincoln Housing Authority and this grant will
assist us in accomplishing this goal," said LHA Executive Director Claudette
Kuligowski.



 This is the first ROSS Service Coordinator grant for the Lincoln Housing
Authority.  The Providence Housing Authority and Johnston Housing Authority both
received ROSS grant funding in 2014.



 The Lincoln Housing Authority was formed in 1963 to provide affordable, decent,
safe, and sanitary housing to individuals and families with low-incomes in
Lincoln.  Since its inception, LHA has serviced over 3,000 families in need,
most of which are elderly.  The management of the LHA's properties have been
consistently rated "High Performing" by the U. S. Department of Housing and
Urban Development.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              425 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 30, 2016 Friday

Washington: Reed Announces $170K for Senior Services in Lincoln

LENGTH: 603  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Jack Reed has issued the following news
release:



 In an effort to better integrate supportive services into senior housing, U.S.
Senator Jack Reed announced today that the Lincoln Housing Authority (LHA) will
receive $169,497 in federal funding through the Resident Opportunities for Self
Sufficiency (ROSS) Service Coordinator program.  The funding, which is
administered by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD), will
help hire a service coordinator to assist residents in need at Lincoln Manor and
Manville Manor, two LHA sites in Lincoln, for a span of three years.





 Service coordinators help elderly and disabled residents connect with outside
agencies and organizations to access the services and support they need, such as
nutritional assistance, preventative health screenings and wellness programs,
and transportation.  They also serve as a liaison to community agencies, network
with community providers, and seek out needed services for residents.  This
innovative program helps prevent social isolation, senior victimization, and
unnecessary or premature institutionalization in nursing homes.



 The LHA service coordinator will oversee a total of 246 elderly/disabled
housing units at Lincoln Manor and Manville Manor, and will focus on expanding
mental health treatments, assisting with Activities of Daily Living (ADL), and
easing residents' access to veterans' benefits.  The LHA also plans to increase
residents' access to information regarding affordable health care insurance and
help provide primary care services and referral procedures for at-risk
residents.  Through LHA's partnership with PACE (Program of All-Inclusive Care
for the Elderly), the LHA will also identify and target high-need residents.



 "This federal funding will help hire a service coordinator to work directly
with residents at Lincoln Manor and Manville Manor and connect them to needed
services.  The coordinator can act as an information concierge of sorts, so when
seniors have a problem, there is someone there who can listen, identify
solutions, and connect them with appropriate community-based supports, whether
it is the VA or Meals-On-Wheels.  Ultimately, service coordinators educate
residents and advocate for them.  Often times, they prevent small problems from
turning into more costly crises, helping seniors and saving taxpayers," said
Senator Reed, the Ranking Member of the Senate Appropriations Transportation,
Housing and Urban Development (THUD) Subcommittee, which oversees federal
spending for HUD programs.



 "I am extremely grateful that  Lincoln Housing Authority has been selected to
receive this ROSS grant.  Providing the best service possible to our residents
is of the utmost importance to Lincoln Housing Authority and this grant will
assist us in accomplishing this goal," said LHA Executive Director Claudette
Kuligowski.



 This is the first ROSS Service Coordinator grant for the Lincoln Housing
Authority.  The Providence Housing Authority and Johnston Housing Authority both
received ROSS grant funding in 2014.



 The Lincoln Housing Authority was formed in 1963 to provide affordable, decent,
safe, and sanitary housing to individuals and families with low-incomes in
Lincoln.  Since its inception, LHA has serviced over 3,000 families in need,
most of which are elderly.  The management of the LHA's properties have been
consistently rated "High Performing" by the U. S. Department of Housing and
Urban Development.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              426 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 3, 2013 Wednesday

Cardin Announces $10 Million Grant To Compete Final Phase Of Anacostia Regional
Trail Network

LENGTH: 340  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Sherrod Brown, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senator Ben Cardin (D-MD) today announced that the U.S. Department of
Transportation has given final approval of a $10 million grant to complete the
Kenilworth Aquatic Gardens section of the Anacostia Regional Trail Network. The
project extends, for almost 4 miles, the bicycle and pedestrian trail south from
the end of the Bladensburg Path (on the D.C. border and Prince George's County,
MD, along the east bank of the Anacostia River) to the existing path terminus
under the Benning Road Bridge.

"The Anacostia River Trail Network provides the Greater Washington community
with access to safe and attractive trails for bikers, hikers, runners and
commuters to get around and travel among our region's great neighborhoods," said
Senator Cardin, a member of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee.
"This segment is critical to connecting Maryland communities to our neighbors in
the District of Columbia. It also will increase accessibility to transit
stations and make it easier for Marylanders to use the trail as a way to bike to
work."

This segment of the trail will connect 60 miles of trails in Maryland and in the
District Columbia. Within the District, the segment is part of the planned
20-mile Anacostia Riverwalk Trail that will connect 16 waterfront neighborhoods
to the Anacostia River, including Southwest Waterfront, Nationals Park,
Washington Navy Yard, RFK Stadium, National Arboretum, and other popular
destinations. The Anacostia River Trail Network also connects numerous schools,
businesses, libraries, museums, shopping centers and Metro and MARC transit
stations.

The $15 million trail project is jointly funded by a $10 million U.S. Department
of Transportation 2012 TIGER (Transportation Investment Generating Economic
Recovery) grant, $3.5 million from the District of Columbia and $1.5 million
from Maryland's Cycle Maryland Bikeways Program.

For further information please visit: http://www.brown.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              427 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                Tamworth Herald

                               February 23, 2012
                                   Edition 3;
                                National Edition

GONE TO THE WALL: Talented [...]

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 229 words


GONE TO THE WALL: Talented Tamworth residents have a minute to win it at a
creative event.

The Assembly Rooms is hosting The Wall, a contemporary reimagining of the Pink
Floyd rock opus, in June. Run by Arts Connects and Fired Up Theatre. Using Pink
Floyd's classic music, with a new narrative brought bang up to date by Simon
Quinn, The Wall is set on a fictitious housing estate somewhere in the West
Midlands and explores contemporary themes including anti-social behaviour
unemployment, social deprivation, peer pressure and racism.

The launch of the project last month saw almost 30 people (pictured) go along to
learn more about The Wall and to volunteer their talent.

On Sunday, March 4, anyone wanting to perform in the show is being given 60
seconds to showcase their talent and win a place in the innovative theatre
production.

Participants must go along to the town hall at 10am and show the production team
why they deserve a place in the cast or crew of The Wall.

The performance dates for The Wall are June 5,6,7,and 8.

The project is being funded and supported by Fired Up Theatre, Arts Connects,
Staffordshire Community Wellbeing Fund, Tamworth Arts Grants Scheme, Tamworth
Community Safety Partnership, Staffordshire Local Community Fund and
Staffordshire County Council's Arts Grants Scheme.

For more information call 01827 709581 or search for the project on YouTube.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TAH


                    Copyright 2012 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              428 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                            September 3, 2012 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Hazeldean remembers former railway site; Artwork celebrates community's ties to
locomotive history

BYLINE: Cailynn Klingbeil, Edmonton Journal

SECTION: CITYPLUS/ALBERTA; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 521 words


A new sculpture located on a greenway in the southeast community of Hazeldean
commemorates the Edmonton, Yukon and Pacific Railway that once ran through the
spot.

The sculpture, titled Ghost Rails, is located on the site of the original rail
line, which is now a popular park in Hazeldean in the area of 68th Avenue and
94th Street.

"It's because of the railway that we have this green strip of undeveloped land
in the middle of our residential area," says Donna Gannon, who has chaired the
Hazeldean Community League's Greenway Committee for the past four years.

While the Edmonton, Yukon and Pacific Railway linked the city's north and south
sides from 1902 until the 1950s - connecting the main CN line with downtown via
Millcreek and the Low Level Bridge - it was dismantled in 1980. The Hazeldean
site of the former railway has remained an open strip of land since then.

"The greenway is a community asset and a community gathering place," says
Gannon, who has lived in Hazeldean for 36 years.

When the Hazeldean Community League wanted to commemorate the area's history,
they turned to an innovative grant, a project of the Edmonton Heritage Council,
Edmonton Arts Council and Edmonton Federation of Community Leagues.

The Living Local grant connects people and their neighbourhoods through art and
heritage.

The league applied for and received a grant, which stipulates there must be
involvement of a local artist and historian in the project.

Gannon connected with Hazeldean artist Kathryn Ruckman and historian Jan Olson,
who has studied the history of the Millcreek area.

"For years I've been walking in this neighbourhood with my dogs and can see the
little indentations of where the old rail ties used to sit," Kathryn Ruckman
says. "They echo what was there before, like a ghost image."

The artist, who helped design the sculpture and oversaw the work, says nothing
frilly or fancy was used in the sculpture that was built this summer. Instead,
it's made of rail-line materials that are "artfully arranged."

As historian for the Hazeldean project, Jan Olson interviewed about 30 people
who had ties to the Edmonton, Yukon and Pacific Railway. She spoke with people
who remember their houses shaking when the train would go by, and the constant
smell of coal and smoke. The interviews have been compiled on the Hazeldean
Community League's website and will be available in a short book.

While the Hazeldean community credits its greenway's existence with the railway,
Olson notes the line was almost not built.

"Strathcona didn't want Edmonton to have the railway line because that would
give Edmonton power," Olson says. It took a "stealth operation" in the middle of
the night to connect the lines.

"This one little train really changed the trajectory of Edmonton and
Strathcona," Olson says. "It was the Low Level bridge and the Edmonton, Yukon
and Pacific Railway that made Edmonton the powerhouse and left Strathcona with
less power in the relationship."

The sculpture will be officially unveiled on Saturday at 3: 15 p.m. at the
Hazeldean Green, at 68th Avenue and 94th Street.

cklingbeil@edmontonjournal. com

twitter.com/cailynnk

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: John Lucas, Edmonton Journal; Artist Kathryn Ruckman, left, and Donna
Gannon, chairperson of the Hazeldean Greenway Committee, stand next to the Ghost
Rail sculpture at 68 Avenue and 94 Street.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              429 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Bath Chronicle

                               September 8, 2011
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Organisation marks silver anniversary with new look

BYLINE: Paul Wiltshire

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 283 words


An organisation which has given more than £25 million to good causes has been
rebranded as it prepares to celebrate its silver jubilee. The Quartet Community
Foundation has a new logo and an updated website, which aims to make it easier
for donors to find out about and support local charities. The foundation's
mission is to connect individual and business donors with small charities and
voluntary and community groups across the former Avon.

In the last year, it issued 1,077 grants adding up to more than £2.5 million and
in November will celebrate 25 years of work. Over that time, it has provided
grants totalling £25 million.

The image chosen for the logo, of four figures with arms encircling one another,
echoes the name Quartet and the fact that the organisation covers four local
authority areas.

Chief executive Deb Appleby said: "The new logo emphasises our focus on
supporting the community and the way that we connect people to achieve this. We
want to use our anniversary year to tell more people about our work and inspire
them to give through us in the future."

The website allows people to access Localgiving.com, which is a showcase for
charities in the west.

Among them is the Bath-based Golden-Oldies, which organises singing sessions for
groups of older people across the region to combat isolation and loneliness.

Spokeswoman Abby Rakes said: "Localgiving.com has provided us with a platform to
show what we do, a secure payment system for our donors and a way to capture
Gift Aid donations automatically, that raises the value of the donation by 25
per cent. Being hosted on Localgiving.com makes us easy to find on the
internet."

The foundation's website is www.quartetcf.org.uk.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TBC


                    Copyright 2011 Northcliffe Media Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              430 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 27, 2013 Tuesday

Mikulski, Cardin Announce Rural Development Funding for Improvement and
Expansion of Water Infrastructure in Allegany

LENGTH: 433  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Barbara A. Mikulski, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

U.S. Senators Barbara A. Mikulski and Ben Cardin (both D-Md.) today announced
that the Allegany Board of Commissioners has received an $869,000 grant from the
Department of Agriculture Rural Development (USDA-RD) to extend Allegany County
water mains to connect to the Rawlings community water system and replace the
existing aged distribution system. In addition to the grant, the project will be
funded by a loan of $461,000 from USDA-RD to Allegany County.

"Maryland cities and towns need to upgrade their water and sewer infrastructure
but they can't do it on their own," Senator Mikulski said. "These funds will
allow Allegany County to update critical infrastructure. It will create
construction jobs today and a modernized water system that promotes community
health and economic growth tomorrow."

"All Marylanders deserve the peace of mind that comes from knowing that the
water coming out of their faucet is clean and safe. Keeping this a reality is
becoming increasingly more difficulty as the water infrastructure we rely on
outlives its expected lifespan," said Senator Cardin. "I applaud USDA-RD's
proactive approach, and strategic investments in innovative projects designed to
meet the current and future needs of our water systems in Allegany County and
across the nation. We must continue to take a proactive approach, making
strategic investments in innovative projects designed to meet the current and
future needs of our water systems."

This funding will be used to pick up new distribution lines to extend into the
Rawlings area and connect users within the service area. A new water storage
tank and treatment facility will also be constructed. After completion of the
project the county will own and maintain the system, which is currently
privately owned. This is the third and final phase of funding to update the
Rawlings Water Distribution System in an effort to bring safe and reliable
public water to this 350 home community. In addition, $800,000 of federal
Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) funds will be made available through
the Maryland Department of Housing and Community Development (DHCH). Allegany
County will contribute $261,000.

Senator Mikulski is Chairwoman of the Appropriations Committee. Senator Cardin
is Chairman of the Environment and Public Works Water Subcommittee. Together
they understand the economic, environmental and quality of life benefits of
investing in infrastructure.

For further information please visit: http://www.mikulski.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              431 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         The Chronicle of Philanthropy

                             July 23, 2009 Thursday

Grant Makers Seek New Ways to Influence Obama's Foreign Policy

BYLINE: Caroline Preston

SECTION: GIVING; Pg. 12 Vol. 21 No. 19

LENGTH: 1158 words


Eric Schwartz and Nancy Soderberg first met decades ago when they both worked on
Capitol Hill, he for Rep. Stephen J. Solarz and she for Sen. Edward M. Kennedy.

Their careers have taken similar paths since. The two did stints at the United
Nations and served on the National Security Council under President Clinton.

Now Mr. Schwartz has recruited Ms. Soderberg to succeed him this month as head
of the Connect U.S. Fund, an alliance of foundations working to promote a
foreign-policy agenda characterized by international cooperation and progressive
ideas.

She joins the organization as it enters a new phase: trying to help left-leaning
Washington charities and other policy groups adapt their advocacy to an
administration more sympathetic to their goals.

Connect U.S.'s backers say Ms. Soderberg's knowledge and connections will be
vital to continuing her predecessor's leadership at the fund, which operates not
only as a grant maker but as an advocate for its grantees.

"She's incredibly well networked and she knows all of the key players and is
extremely well respected in these communities," says Nancy Youman, deputy
director of U.S. programs for the Open Society Institute, in New York, one of
five foundations that started the fund in 2004.

Ms. Soderberg will work three days a week from Washington and continue her job
as a visiting scholar at the University of North Florida, where she has worked
since leaving the nonprofit International Crisis Group in 2005.

Fostering 'Engagement'

The organization grew out of conversations among leaders of the Open Society
Institute, the Rockefeller Brothers Fund, and the Ford, Charles Stewart Mott,
and William and Flora Hewlett Foundations following the September 11, 2001,
terrorist attacks.

They were concerned about the direction of U.S. foreign policy and wanted to
encourage what they dubbed more "responsible engagement" in issues such as
climate change, human rights, global development, and nuclear weapons.

In 2006, the foundations hired a staff of two, led by Mr. Schwartz, to make the
alliance more effective and strengthen its presence in Washington. The fund now
employs five people.

Creating a Network

Mr. Schwartz, who joined the State Department this month as director of the
Bureau of Population, Refugees, and Migration says he's sought to build a
network of nonprofit groups in Washington that share similar values and face
parallel challenges but have little opportunity to interact because they are
busy working on different issues.

The fund does this by bringing together charities that work on issues such as
climate change and global development, for example, and encouraging them to
discuss the ties between their work and develop common messages they can present
to policy makers and the public.

And last year, the Connect U.S. Fund assembled more than 200 former government
officials, scholars, grass-roots advocates, and think-tank leaders to draft a
comprehensive foreign-policy strategy for the new president.

'Rapid Response'

The fund's approach to collaboration has evolved. It abandoned a requirement in
its early years that charities must apply for a grant with other groups.

"I'm firmly of the belief that you don't force marriages," Mr. Schwartz says.
"You create an environment in which there is a heightened degree of contact and
communication so that opportunities for collaboration are much more likely to be
seized on."

Connect U.S. also operates a "rapid-response" fund through which it can give out
small grants in as little as 24 hours. For example, the fund awarded $25,000 to
InterAction, the umbrella group of international charities, to help it advocate
against the partner-vetting system, a proposal to screen nonprofit groups for
terrorist ties that is opposed by most international-charity leaders.

Grant makers say Connect U.S. has helped them advance a broad foreign-policy
agenda, educated them about new grantees, and provided a way to respond to
crises more quickly than they could have on their own.

"Some of the small grants that Connect U.S. makes support our larger agenda and
in some cases we may come in with larger grants," says Smita Singh, director of
the global-development program at the Hewlett Foundation, in Menlo Park, Calif.
"We wouldn't be able to make some of these grants or see the opportunities that
Eric has."

Despite the economic climate, Mr. Schwartz says he anticipates that most of the
fund's donors, which now include Atlantic Philanthropies and the Ploughshares
Fund in addition to the original five foundations, will continue their support.

The Mott foundation, however, does not intend to renew its grant, and other
grants may be smaller. Mr. Schwartz says he expects the budget this year will be
about $2.5-million.

A Changing Climate

Many of its grantees, meanwhile, are hurting. The economic crisis has forced
many to tighten their budgets and contemplate mergers and other ways to cut
costs.

Mr. Schwartz says Connect U.S. could help ensure that organizations interested
in merging or dropping programs know of potential partners. The fund, meanwhile,
has recently acquired the Peace and Security Initiative, a project established
by the Ploughshares Fund.

There is also concern among nonprofit officials that some donors will cite the
changed political climate in Washington as a reason they can pull back. Yet
Connect U.S.'s supporters say now is the time to step up, not back, on advocacy,
because there is a better chance to make actual progress.

But that will require a different approach. Earlier this year, the fund surveyed
its grantees and other leaders of charities to learn how its approach might
change. Nonprofit officials said they would have an even greater need for quick
infusions of money because Congress and the administration would be more likely
to introduce legislation and raise new issues, and that the fund should try to
broaden support to include new constituencies, such as retired military
officers.

Building Support

Ms. Soderberg says Connect U.S.'s role will be less about pushing an
intransigent administration and more about creating support among members of
Congress and the public. She cites the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty on nuclear
weapons, which the White House supports but will face a tough battle in
Congress, as one example.

"Just because the Obama administration believes in a particular idea doesn't
mean it will happen," she says. "You have to build constituencies for it and
build an environment in which you can get things through a skeptical Congress."

Ms. Youman, whose Open Society Institute plans to continue its support for
Connect U.S., says one of the key reasons why Connect U.S. was founded -- to
build cohesion in a fractured foreign-policy community -- is as pertinent today
as it was during the last administration.

She adds: "It would be easy to say we have a new president and everything's
hunky dory. But these are very difficult issues, and they can't be solved
overnight."

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 The Chronicle of Philanthropy
                              All Rights Reserved


                              432 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                 Cold Lake Sun

                           November 29, 2016 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

John Howard Society moving forward; Non-profit looking to connect services in
Cold Lake

BYLINE: Jesse Cole, Cold Lake Sun

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A24

LENGTH: 448  words


Cold Lake's John Howard Society wants to make community outreach more connected
in the city and they're hoping to start achieving that goal in 2017.

Leah Ferris, the executive director of the Cold Lake John Howard Society since
July of 2016, says that she's been conducting an informal needs assessment in
the community over the last number of months. Ferris said the results from her
assessment have helped her streamline the work she hopes to have the society do
here in Cold Lake.

"What I found was that there was some disconnect between services for different
reasons. So my vision started to grow into developing that as the focus. There
are wonderful programs being run in Cold Lake. Whether or not everyone gets to
be a part of each program, that's where the disconnect seems to be ," Ferris
said.

Ferris says the John Howard Society is planning to create a community hub that
will serve as a physical space so that people requiring services can come and
have a single, central location to access the resources available in Cold Lake.
Ferris calls it a "one stop shopping " approach to outreach.

She says the hub would connect with other groups in the community to allocate
some of their resources in the hub while also providing a place where clientele
could come to do laundry, shower and eat. She was clear that the John Howard
Society wasn't looking to replicate services already available in the city, such
as a crisis centre, but to help connect them.

"I don't want to duplicate the services ," she said.

"I want to connect them. I want us all to be able to share our resources so that
those who come in, instead of being told they need t go and see someone else or
go to another agency, they can find those services all within the hub."

Ferris says it would help to strip away some of the barriers that are in place
for men and families seeking assistance.

As far as a timeline for the hub goes, Ferris says she'd like to have it
operational "yesterday " but that currently they are still looking for a
building to move into and grant funding towards additional staffing.

"We will need staffing.

There's two parts to the community hub: one is the case work and the other is
building capacity. Without that we can't keep going with what we need to be
doing, so we've already been looking at grant funds to have staff come on."

The John Howard Society, which has traditionally catered towards men in need and
their families, has been in the Cold Lake area in some capacity since January of
2016 when the City voted to support the society for two-years. Operating out of
the Cold Lake and District FCSS building, the John Howard Society was officially
incorporated here as recently as October.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Cold Lake Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              433 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 14, 2017 Saturday

Washington: USDA Works to Deliver Broadband to Rural Communities

LENGTH: 491  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture  has issued the following
news release:



 Thanks to USDA Rural Development's Rural Utilities Service funding and Home
Communications, Inc., those who live and work in a rural Kansas community don't
have to travel miles for broadband service. High school and college students can
upload, research, and complete homework assignments online. Employees can work
remotely, farmers can monitor operations, and businesses can successfully market
and promote their products and services.





 Home Communications, Inc. (HCI), based in Gypsum, Kan., is one example of how
rural telecommunication service providers are investing in the future of their
communities. Since they opened doors as a rural telephone company in 1933, HCI
has transitioned to a broadband service provider focused on growth by expanding
their customer base and service territory.



 With the help of funding from Rural Development to upgrade the service and
equipment, those who live and work in Gypsum can enjoy such benefits as access
to broadband with a consistent, constant speed and unlimited data on HCI's fiber
network. HCI is just one of the many successful telecommunications providers
that has helped rural communities connect to the world by providing broadband
access to rural consumers.



 Rural Development works to improve broadband access in rural areas nationwide
by providing funding and technical assistance to projects to deliver broadband
to rural areas.  Two programs that fund broadband service for rural communities
- the Farm Bill Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program, and Community
Connect Grant Program - are now accepting applications for funding. Both can
fund broadband in unserved and underserved rural areas.



 The deadline for submitting Community Connect applications is March 13, 2017.



 For the Farm Bill Broadband Program, this year applicants can receive extra
guidance to help strengthen funding requests during a special pre-application
window that runs from January 10, 2017 to March 24, 2017. A second window will
run from July 1, 2017 through September 22, 2017. During the pre-application
periods, applicants can receive expert assistance from the members of our highly
specialized Application Assistance Team. Composed of six highly trained program
specialists, they are the "go-to" Broadband Program experts and stand ready to
help applicants put together strong, high quality proposals. During the
application process, participants will learn how they can contact the assistance
team.



 Dig a little deeper into our Farm Bill Broadband Access Program and our
Community Connect Program to see if your rural community might benefit from the
funding we can provide - and keep moving the ball forward on high-speed Internet
communications for our rural communities.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              434 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 14, 2017 Saturday

Washington: USDA Works to Deliver Broadband to Rural Communities

LENGTH: 491  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: United States Department of Agriculture  has issued the following
news release:



 Thanks to USDA Rural Development's Rural Utilities Service funding and Home
Communications, Inc., those who live and work in a rural Kansas community don't
have to travel miles for broadband service. High school and college students can
upload, research, and complete homework assignments online. Employees can work
remotely, farmers can monitor operations, and businesses can successfully market
and promote their products and services.





 Home Communications, Inc. (HCI), based in Gypsum, Kan., is one example of how
rural telecommunication service providers are investing in the future of their
communities. Since they opened doors as a rural telephone company in 1933, HCI
has transitioned to a broadband service provider focused on growth by expanding
their customer base and service territory.



 With the help of funding from Rural Development to upgrade the service and
equipment, those who live and work in Gypsum can enjoy such benefits as access
to broadband with a consistent, constant speed and unlimited data on HCI's fiber
network. HCI is just one of the many successful telecommunications providers
that has helped rural communities connect to the world by providing broadband
access to rural consumers.



 Rural Development works to improve broadband access in rural areas nationwide
by providing funding and technical assistance to projects to deliver broadband
to rural areas.  Two programs that fund broadband service for rural communities
- the Farm Bill Broadband Access Loan and Loan Guarantee Program, and Community
Connect Grant Program - are now accepting applications for funding. Both can
fund broadband in unserved and underserved rural areas.



 The deadline for submitting Community Connect applications is March 13, 2017.



 For the Farm Bill Broadband Program, this year applicants can receive extra
guidance to help strengthen funding requests during a special pre-application
window that runs from January 10, 2017 to March 24, 2017. A second window will
run from July 1, 2017 through September 22, 2017. During the pre-application
periods, applicants can receive expert assistance from the members of our highly
specialized Application Assistance Team. Composed of six highly trained program
specialists, they are the "go-to" Broadband Program experts and stand ready to
help applicants put together strong, high quality proposals. During the
application process, participants will learn how they can contact the assistance
team.



 Dig a little deeper into our Farm Bill Broadband Access Program and our
Community Connect Program to see if your rural community might benefit from the
funding we can provide - and keep moving the ball forward on high-speed Internet
communications for our rural communities.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              435 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                             January 4, 2016 Monday

Op-ed: How do we connect? A case for the Humanities

BYLINE: By Becky Jo Gesteland

SECTION: NEWS; Opinion; Columnists

LENGTH: 650 words


On my Sunday walk, I encounter a variety of people: a resident of the apartment
complex enjoying a smoke and expectorating loudly; young executives in khakis
carrying their clubs to the golf course; a pair of seniors making their way
toward the pickleball courts; soccer teams playing pickup games; families
dressed in their Sunday best driving or walking to church.

Two girls giggle as my dog Bubba walks by, then come forward to pet him. I
introduce him, say hello. They run back to their mother. We come close without
touching. My dogs reach out beyond my circle of comfort to approach strangers,
saying hello without speaking. They pull to the extent of their leashes seeking
physical and olfactory contact.

Like my dogs, I connect with others of my species ccc not necessarily through
touch or smell ccc usually through speech, writing and other forms of
communication. I chat over coffee, post on social media, send email, read a
book, watch performances, attend lectures or write letters to the editor.

At Weber State University, the Telitha E. Lindquist College of Arts and
Humanities teaches "students to excel as they seek, understand, question and
express complexities critical to the experience of being human as represented in
languages, literature, communication, and visual and performing arts." Our
students learn how to analyze and interpret the world and express themselves
critically and creatively.

Specifically, the students:

1. Navigate our increasingly complex world and interpret it for others.

Our students go into law, medicine, public relations, translation, media,
website design, technical writing, etc. One of our 2015 graduates, Legend
Dastrup, majored in English with an emphasis in Professional and Technical
Writing and a minor in Linguistics. While taking classes, he worked part-time in
the campus IT Division as a communication assistant/technical writer for the
communications, events, training and planning department. Legend says he likes
"to meld my fascination with linguistics into the world of technology and
science" and plans to "meld" these skills in his new position as technical
writer with Borsight, a local manufacturing firm.

2. Become engaged citizens and connect us to others. Weber State University goes
a step beyond and puts coursework into action through community-engaged learning
(CEL), which involves a community service or research project. Our college
offers 23 CEL-designated courses.

While taking a CEL grant-writing class, Lisa Brown partnered with Applied
Technology Foundation, with whom she wrote grants on behalf of refugees at
Catholic Community Services in Salt Lake City. She said of her experience,
"There is much need around us, and there are many good people trying to make a
difference. I want to be part of the process, and this class has given me the
skills to help. By supporting our own local communities, we can combine our
skills, resources, and abilities, which will allow us to solve problems and
create opportunities for a better standard of living."

Lisa, who received her BA in Art History from the University of Utah in 1993,
plans to finish her Masters of Arts in English at WSU in 2016 and was recently
hired to write grants for No More Victims, a foundation that provides financial
aid for the professional care and treatment of sexually abused youth.

I encourage you to attend a humanities event near you and share your experience
on our college Facebook, Twitter and YouTube channels (weber.edu). And consider
taking a class that employs all of your senses. Together we can reconnect and
rediscover our humanity.

Becky Jo Gesteland is professor of English and interim associate dean for the
Telitha E. Lindquist College of Arts and Humanities at Weber State University,
where she teaches classes in American literature and technical writing. She
received her Ph.D. in American Studies from the University of Utah in 1996.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              436 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Silver City Sun-News (New Mexico)

                             August 13, 2012 Monday

Arts council competes for grant to complete Penny Park mural

BYLINE: Christine Steele/Sun-News Bureau Chief

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 582 words


SILVER CITY The Mimbres Region Arts Council is in the running to win $5,000
through GOOD Maker, a new online platform for social change. GOOD asked
communities across the state to submit ideas on how to help your community come
alive through the arts. Dozens of communities across the country submitted their
projects 134 projects total and now the public has a chance to vote to choose a
winner.

Arts Council Director Faye McCalmont submitted the Many Hands Mural Project, a
tile mosaic mural wall in Penny Park that will feature the clay handprint of
every student in Grant County.

In 1999, thousands of volunteers pitched in to build a family park in Silver
City, dubbed Penny Park because of all the pennies local students collected and
donated to help build it. The park became one of the most popular stops for kids
and families in the area, but a fire in April 2009 burned much of the park and
destroyed some of the more popular play structures. The burned areas were
cleaned up and the park was reopened, but in July 2011 vandals struck again, and
this time burned the park to the ground.

The town of Silver City rebuilt the park, and the Mimbres Region Arts Council
launched a mural project to help connect the park again to the children. The
idea was simple: connect every student in the county to the park through his or
her own unique clay handprint.

The town of Silver City, the Arts Council, local school students and artists
Buck Burns, Kathryn Allen and Riley Olsen worked under the leadership of program
coordinator Diana Ingalls Leyba to complete the first phase of the mural in
July, in time for the park s grand reopening on July 19. Built on top of the old
walls that were standing in the park before it burned, the project incorporates
mosaic tile vignettes that tell the history of the park and the games played in
it as well as the clay handprints of thousands of local students but many more
clay handprints have yet to be made.

On the day of the park s reopening, hundreds of people flocked to the park and
many walked up and down the mural wall looking for their unique handprint.

If it wins the money, the arts council plans to use the funds to complete the
next two phases of the mural, but it needs the community s support and votes to
win.

Our goal is to teach students about their community through the arts and
encourage them to engage in beautifying their community, McCalmont said. Through
this project, we connect them to their peers, local artists and community
members, and teach them that public art can enrich and enhance the quality of
life. It is our hope that connecting students to the park through this mural
project, we will help eliminate the kind of vandalism that destroyed it last
year.

The project also teaches students the techniques of forming their handprint in
clay and customizing it through etched designs, words, pictures and color.
Students learn to glaze and fire the pieces and the older students help install
some of the finished hands on the wall.

This funding would help us complete the project and give thousands of students
the opportunity to be involved and to take pride in ownership, Leyba said.

Community members have until Aug. 23 to cast their vote at
goodart.maker.good.is/projects/manyhandsmural.

For more information on the Many Hands Mural Wall project, call Leyba at (575)
538-5725, or to learn more about the competition, call the arts council office
at (575) 538-2505.

Christine Steele can be reached at (575) 538-5893 ext. 5802.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A piece of the Many Hands Mural at Penny Park.
Noah Biaso 7, a third grader at Jose Barrios Elementary School, looks for his
unique clay handprint in the Many Hands Mural during Penny Park s grand
reopening on July 19. The Mimbres Region Arts Council has applied for a $5,000
grant to help complete the mural and get more clay handprints from all of the
children in Grant County. Community members have until Aug. 23 to vote on the
project online at goodart.maker.good.is/projects/manyhandsmural.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2012 Silver City Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              437 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            March 18, 2010 Thursday
                                 Every Edition

N.Va. foundation matches donors with nonprofits;
For 31 years, McLean-based group has given millions and built philanthropy
efforts in area by supporting community needs

BYLINE: Holly Hobbs; Fairfax County Times

SECTION: EXTRAS; Pg. VA19

LENGTH: 493 words


As an advocate, gatekeeper and a giver, the Community Foundation for Northern
Virginia is celebrating its 31st year helping to connect donors and charities.

The McLean-based foundation started as a way to build philanthropy efforts in
Northern Virginia, President Eileen M. Ellsworth said. Since then, it has
donated millions to area charities and nonprofit groups. Grants from the
foundation are awarded to the best, most effective organizations meeting
critical community needs, she said.

"We help broker a connection between donors and the nonprofits they can help,"
Ellsworth said. "Philanthropy with us is not passive. We actively try to get our
donors involved."

Recently, the foundation awarded about $222,000. More than 120 groups applied
for the money, and 35 were selected by the foundation's community-based grants
committee.

"For every dollar that you put in, about 98.57 cents go to the charity,"
Ellsworth said. The foundation charges a 1.25 percent fee, she said, to cover
its costs, which include researching area nonprofits.

Ellsworth said funding was given to organizations that best fit the foundation's
four goals: poverty relief, child and youth development, health and aging and
education.

Hopecam, a nonprofit based in Reston, received $11,000 this year.

"It really gave us validation," said Jennifer Bond, director of Hopecam, which
uses laptops, the Internet and Web cameras to connect homebound children
undergoing treatment for cancer with their friends at school.

"The grant from the Community Foundation came at such a key time because we had
kids on a waiting list. And it took about a dozen off the list," Bond said.

Other programs receiving grants include the Arlington Food Assistance Program,
which used its $7,500 to buy milk.

"They bought milk for the 1,200 families they provide milk for each week,"
Ellsworth said. "It doesn't get more basic than that."

The foundation serves as an outlet for those who want to give but are not sure
how best to do so.

"We tell donors: If you know you only want to support the Red Cross, [for
example], then you should donate directly to the Red Cross," she said. But if a
donor wants to support broader community needs, such as child poverty, the
foundation can find a good fit for the donation, Ellsworth said.

This year, the foundation is conducting a needs study in the region with the
Northern Virginia Health Systems Agency and Voices for Virginia's Children.

"This is the first community needs report done for the region," Ellsworth said.

Although there are just three months left in the fiscal year, the foundation
expects to donate $4 million to $5 million to nonprofits and charities.
Donations, Ellsworth said, are down from previous years -- a trend familiar to
area groups.

"Every nonprofit that's surviving in this economy is having to work harder," she
said. "The nonprofits all have a similar story to tell. Their corporate
donations are down, but individual donors have really stepped up."

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Fairfax South

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              438 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       The Capital (Annapolis, Maryland)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 1, 2016 Tuesday

BWMC, county get $227,000 grant to fight addiction

BYLINE: Ben Weathers, The Capital, Annapolis, Md.

SECTION: NATIONAL POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 648 words


March 01--Every week, Baltimore Washington Medical Center treats around a
half-dozen patients for heroin and opiate overdoses in its Emergency Department,
Kurt Haspert said.

The hospital has treated patients who leave and come back suffering a second
overdose in the same day, said Haspert, a nurse practitioner specializing in
addiction at the hospital.

"Unfortunately, that's kind of the cycle of opiate addiction."

Even more unfortunate, some of those taken to the hospital end up dying from the
overdoses, he said.

Yet, many who experience overdoses out in the community never come in contact
with hospital staff. If they're lucky enough to survive, many often don't seek
out treatment, Haspert said.

"If they're not found by police or EMS and they wake up -- they never seek
help," Haspert said.

BWMC and the Anne Arundel County Department of Health have partnered together in
an effort to reduce overdoses and combat addiction. Hospital and county
officials announced on Monday the launch of the Overdose Survivors Outreach
program, which aims to connect those who have experienced heroin or opiate
overdoses with treatment.

Although officially announced on Monday, the program launched Jan. 1.

The program is being funded in its first year by a $227,908 federal grant from
the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration. The hospital and
the county applied for the grant through the Maryland Behavioral Health
Administration last April.

The program is one facet of Anne Arundel County Executive Steve Schuh's
three-pronged approach to dealing with the county's heroin problem, said Owen
McEvoy, a Schuh spokesman.

While the grant pays for the program only in its first year, McEvoy said the
county was hopeful that state would sustain its commitment.

"We're very excited about this partnership with BWMC," McEvoy said. "There's a
large portion of our overdoses in North County which BWMC serves."

Some 53 people died from heroin overdoses in the county in 2014, the most recent
figures available from the county's department of health.

The grant pays for a full-time nurse coordinator and two full-time peer support
specialists.

When someone comes to the hospital's emergency department suffering from a
heroin or opiate overdose, a specialists will follow up with the patient to
connect them with treatment. Willing patients enter treatment using the drugs
methadone and suboxone to wean them from their addictions.

Patients also participate in individual and group therapy sessions, Haspert
said.

As of Monday, 30 patients at the hospital had been referred to the program --
seven of whom accepted treatment, Haspert said.

In a press release issued Monday, county and hospital officials estimated 30
patients would be treated under the new model of care in 2016. Haspert called
the estimate "conservative," noting in its first two months the program is on
track to treat 40-to-50 patients by the end of the year.

The program aims to connect peer support specialists to patients' bedsides soon
after experiencing an overdose. However, in cases in which a patient is
discharged before they can been seen by a specialist, the specialist will then
try locate them in the community to follow up, Haspert said.

The program can help get patients into treatment between 24-and-48 hours after
an overdose occurs, Haspert said.

Hospital officials are discussing with the county how to follow up with patients
who are treated out in the community with the drug naloxone, a nasal spray
carried by police and firefighters which counteracts the effects of overdose.

As news about the program spreads, Haspert expressed confidence more individuals
will reach.

"Maybe that will spur them to come in and get some help," he said.

www.twitter.com/BenW_MDGazette

___ (c)2016 The Capital (Annapolis, Md.) Visit The Capital (Annapolis, Md.) at
www.hometownannapolis.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160301-UU-BWMC-county-get-227,000-grant
-to-fight-addiction-0301-20160301

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UU


              Copyright 2016 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.


                              439 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                     September 9, 2002 Monday Final Edition

Grants to connect community

BYLINE: DAVID McLENNAN

SECTION: A; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 303 words


Individuals had a strong desire to connect with the community, and the Canberra
Community Foundation was funding projects that brought people together, ACT
Chief Minister Jon Stanhope said. Canberra Community Foundation offers grants of
up to $5000 for individuals or $50,000 for projects. A total of $760,000 is on
offer in this round, although Mr Stanhope challenged business to get behind the
scheme and match Government contributions.  Mr Stanhope said the focus of the
foundation had been changed recently, with the board restructured to increase
the representation of women, indigenous people, older people and those from
different backgrounds. Eligibility criteria had also been changed to emphasise
projects that addressed disadvantage in the community.  'The new foundation is
looking for projects that encourage participation from target groups such as
Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people, women, those from culturally and
linguistically diverse backgrounds, older people and people with disabilities,'
he said.  The foundation was a vehicle for creating and building partnerships
within the community.  'Like joining a series of unconnected dots on a piece of
paper, the foundation seeks to assist in connecting the community together to
eradicate the isolation and separation that many people in our community feel,'
he said. 'The Government is committed to building an inclusive society. A
society where everyone has the opportunity to participate and where social and
community bonds are strong.' The foundation had supported more than 50 projects,
including the Rondalla Filipino String Band, which gave its first public
performance last week. Applications for Canberra Community Foundation grants
close on October 25. Visit www.act.gov.au/cmd/ccf or telephone 6205 5439.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2002 The Federal Capital Press of Australia Pty
                                    Limited


                              440 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Grand Haven Tribune, Mich.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 26, 2012 Thursday

Grant will help city upgrade technology for collaboration

BYLINE: Alex Doty, Grand Haven Tribune, Mich.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 345 words


Jan. 26--GRAND HAVEN -- Grand Haven is one of 28 Michigan communities that will
receive a slice of the state's $5 million Economic Vitality Incentive Program
grant.

The state recently announced that Grand Haven received a total of $47,499 for
information technology and assessing services via inter-local agreements.

"Our application was to upgrade the city's infrastructure," said Sam Janson,
assistant to the city manager, referencing the proposed computer and network
upgrades for the city.

Public Act 63 of 2011 introduced the program to provide incentive-based grants
to municipalities that elect to combine government operations.

"This program has and will make a difference in helping partner with local
governments on innovative collaborations and best practices, leveraging limited
resources," Gov. Rick Snyder said. "These grants will boost or upgrade service
delivery for residents of these communities and help provide cost savings.
That's a win-win."

The grants are designed to offset the costs associated with mergers, inter-local
agreements and cooperative efforts for approved projects that occurred on or
after Oct. 1, 2011.

Janson said the city's portion of the grant would be used for technological
upgrades.

"This is going to pay for approximately half of our costs," he said.

Janson said the grant will allow the city to connect to the Grand Haven school
district and Ottawa County via a fiber optic connection. The city is
collaborating with the county on assessing services, and the fiber optic
connection will allow the city to connect with them more easily.

The other connection would be with the local school district, which the city is
collaborating with to handle its IT services.

The very first EVIP grant was awarded to Grand Rapids in October 2011 for
$550,000 for its inter-local agreement with Flint and Lansing to combine their
income tax processing and tax payment systems.

___ (c)2012 the Grand Haven Tribune (Grand Haven, Mich.) Visit the Grand Haven
Tribune (Grand Haven, Mich.) at www.grandhaventribune.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120126-NA-Grant
-will-help-city-upgrade-technology-for-collaboration-0126-20120126

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NA


                                 Copyright 2012


                              441 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                              June 12, 2015 Friday
                                  ALL EDITION

$750K IN GRANTS DEDICATED TO BIKE TRAILS

BYLINE:  JEFF GLAZE  jglaze@madison.com, 608-252-6138

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 529 words


Dane County has set aside $750,000 in matching funds to expedite expansion of
bike trails in the area.

Dane County Executive Joe Parisi announced Wednesday that the county is
accepting grant proposals for its new PARC and Ride Bike Trail grant program,
which aims to match investments in trails made by municipalities.

The program replaces the Partners for Recreation and Conservation (PARC)
initiative that the county has made available since 2011.

The PARC grant program had a more general focus, but Josh Wescott, chief of
staff for Parisi, said the county decided to morph PARC into a bicycle-centered
fund because of the overwhelming demand for it.

"What we found, frankly, when we administered that grant program is that a lot
of applications were coming forward for this ? bike trail projects. This is sort
of meeting a demand out there that seems to be rising to the top as what local
communities are working on," Wescott said.

"We've heard their message loud and clear. They want to focus on bike trail
development, and we're going to help them with this," he said.

Under the PARC and Ride program, municipalities will be eligible for up to
$250,000 or 50 percent of the project costs to spend on bike trail design,
engineering and construction. The money can be used to pay for trail heads,
parking, safety facilities and signage as long as there is a trail component
included.

County staff have already received inquiries from numerous municipalities,
including Oregon, Cross Plains, Middleton, Waunakee and the town of Westport,
Wescott said. Using a grant under the old PARC program, Oregon is set to open a
new asphalt trail on July 19 that will connect the village to Fish Hatchery Road
in Fitchburg and provide a bike route into Madison. Village officials hope to
eventually connect the trail to the Badger State Trail.

"I've talked to elected officials from other municipalities that are all very
interested in this," said Steve Staton, president of the Village Board. "The
county has done a great job of leadership in providing these grants and
promoting biking. This will have a big impact on Downtown Oregon when it's all
done."

The county is also working with Middleton, Waunakee and the town of Westport to
develop a trail along the northern side of Lake Mendota that would get cyclists
away from the high speeds and heavy traffic on Highway M.

Wescott also anticipates that communities will have interest in offshoots of the
Lower Yahara River Trail, which is expected to begin construction next year and
will connect the Capital City Trail with McDaniel Park in McFarland. The trail
is planned to eventually run all the way to Stoughton.

"Biking isn't just a Madison thing. It really is a Dane County thing. I think it
will be a vibrant application process and we'll have a good number to review
this summer," Wescott said.

"There's a lot of these projects out there in various different stages. Concept,
design and we thought making these county dollars available might help bring
some of those projects to the finish line sooner," he said.

The county has set a July 31 deadline for proposals and expects to make
decisions on allocations by late summer or early fall.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: State Journal archives Dane County Executive Joe Parisi hopes that
providing matching funds to municipalities dedicated to bike trails will
expedite completion of projects.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              442 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Hobart Mercury (Australia)

                            August 30, 2002, Friday

Connect looks solid after jump to $2.6m

BYLINE: JOSEPH PETERSEN

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 48

LENGTH: 265 words


THE Connect Group yesterday reported a 22 per cent increase in after-tax profits
for the 2001-2 financial year to $2.6 million.

However, chief executive John Hensby said the group was concerned following
Tuesday's Reserve Bank of Australia announcement of an investigation into credit
card fee arrangements.

"The Reserve Bank's policy will have a different effect on us [than on the major
banks]," Mr Hensby said.

"Connect has a higher debit-card regime than we do credit cards, which will have
a result."

Mr Hensby said it was unlikely the surplus would be used towards lessening
account and transaction fees.

"It's always on the table and we review it on a regular basis," he said.

"But the vast bulk of our turnover comes from loan income -- some 75 per cent."

The Connect Group, which includes Connect Credit Union, the Gourmet Club and the
Connect Community Foundation, reported assets under management of $490 million,
up 8.4 per cent on 2000-2001.

The Connect Community Foundation reduced its funding of community projects last
year, dropping by nearly 60 per cent to around $47,000.

"The applications over the last year just haven't been up to scratch," Mr Hensby
said.

"The foundation decided not to give grants to some community groups because they
didn't meet our guidelines for projects."

Mr Hensby said projections for the coming 12 months looked positive, with a
buoyant housing market. "Our forecast is for a good year -- not exceptional,
just solid," he said. *  Joseph Petersen is a University of Tasmania journalism
student.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: MER

                   Copyright 2002 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              443 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            June 17, 2009 Wednesday

Dunmore Senior Center connects with community through Facebook Dunmore Senior
Center connects with community through Facebook

BYLINE: Megan Reiter, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 594 words


Jun. 17--DUNMORE -- The Dunmore Senior Citizens' Center received 50 packages of
donated seeds in preparation for a garden seniors planned to plant this summer.

Instead of sprouting some nutritious vegetables, however, the seeds are sitting
in storage, along with 50 garden boxes.

Jeanne Hugenbruch, the center's executive director, said the seniors are still
in need of $2,500 for a fence to protect the garden from wildlife and vandalism.
While the center has received a grant from local Rotary Clubs, it's not enough
for the fence, Ms. Hugenbruch said. For now, the garden will be shelved until
next summer, unless the center receives funding by the end of June at the
latest.

"Really, you're supposed to plant by Memorial (Day) weekend, but there's still
time to do it if we plant right away," Ms. Hugenbruch said.

While the garden can be postponed until next year, Ms. Hugenbruch said the
situation is not ideal. As time passes, the seeds lose their viability, she
said.

"Because we got them for free, they're already last year's seeds," Ms.
Hugenbruch said. "Next year will be iffy."

The garden is supposed to grow on the grounds of the Dunmore Community Center,
which houses the senior center. The project was intended to be a learning
experience between the seniors and area children, including the Head Start
program next door.

Additionally, the garden was supposed to provide produce for a community
farmer's market, offering a reduced rate to seniors.

Center member Charlotte Zellers, who is storing some of the garden supplies, has
already planted her own tomatoes, cucumbers and peppers. She's still eager to
try out her green thumb on the senior center project.

"It's going to be a wonderful program," she said. All we're waiting for is the
fence. Once we get the fence, we can start."

Anyone interested in donating toward the fence can contact Ms. Hugenbruch at
207-2662, ext. 2.

Contact the writer: mreiter@timesshamrock.com Virtual success

In the month since the Dunmore Senior Center page debuted on the online social
networking site Facebook, nearly 200 "fans" have signed up.

"I was thrilled," said Jeanne Hugenbruch, the center's executive director.

She credits center supporter and local businessman John Topa for setting up the
fan page.

"It's community members more than anything else," Ms. Hugenbruch said of the
fans. "We only have one senior on there that I'm aware of."

The page lists upcoming events at the center, as well as hours of operation. To
become a "fan," log on to Facebook and search for "Dunmore Senior Center."

Virtual success

In the month since the Dunmore Senior Center page debuted on the online social
networking site Facebook, nearly 200 "fans" have signed up.

"I was thrilled," said Jeanne Hugenbruch, the center's executive director.

She credits center supporter and local businessman John Topa for setting up the
fan page.

"It's community members more than anything else," Ms. Hugenbruch said of the
fans. "We only have one senior on there that I'm aware of."

The page lists upcoming events at the center, as well as hours of operation. To
become a "fan," log on to Facebook and search for "Dunmore Senior Center."

To see more of The Times-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetimes-tribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Times-Tribune,
Scranton, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090617-YT-Dunmore-Senior-Center-connects-with-community
-through-Facebook-Dunmore-Senior-Center-connects-with-community
-through-Facebook-0617

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                                 Copyright 2009


                              444 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                    October 14, 2001 Sunday Michigan Edition

CONNECT History

SECTION: ; Pg. SS11

LENGTH: 216 words


CONNECT, the Coalition for Education Success, is a community-wide organization
created by the business community to promote communication, coordination, and
collaboration between education, business, and human services providers in St.
Joseph County.

CONNECT was founded July 1, 1992, and is an evolution of the Community Education
Round Table (CERT).

Its goals are achieved as a result of the work of four volunteer councils the
Community Affairs Council, the Education Council, the Human Services Council and
the Training Council.

More than 50 board members and 11 executive committee members oversee CONNECT'S
operation. CONNECT was founded by A. Dean Speicher, Ed.D., and is now led by
executive director Michael Harding.

CONNECT works to bring the right people together to plan, make decisions and
improve community quality of life by facilitating projects and initiatives that
affect education, training and human service needs.

A portion of CONNECT's funding is provided through Project Future's fund raising
drive. CONNECT's share of the funds raised is approximately $150,000. Over the
eight years of the organization's service to St. Joseph County, at least 40
percent of CONNECT's funding has come from foundation support, state grants and
corporate contributions.


LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2001 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              445 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 16, 2011 Friday

Housing Authority receives grant

BYLINE: Steve Vied, Messenger-Inquirer, Owensboro, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 386 words


Sept. 16--A $203,729 federal grant awarded to the Housing Authority of Owensboro
will enable the agency to continue a program for three years that connects its
residents with local social service providers.

Wednesday, the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) announced
nearly $100 million in grants to help public and assisted housing residents find
employment; connect with needed services and help the elderly and people with
disabilities maintain independent living. Ten Kentucky public housing agencies
received a total of $1.8 million in grants.

The funding enables public housing agencies to retain or hire "service
coordinators" or case workers to work directly with residents to connect them to
services that meet their individual needs. That is exactly what the Housing
Authority of Owensboro intends to do with the grant it received, Executive
Director David Condon said.

The "Resident Opportunities and Self Sufficiency -- Service Coordinators
Program" money the Owensboro public housing agency received is actually a
renewal of a previous award, Condon said. The original grant enabled the agency
to hire a service coordinator, who can now remain on the payroll because of the
renewal of the award and continue to coordinate and secure services for
residents.

Housing Authority of Owensboro residents receive services from such local
agencies as Audubon Area Community Services, Girls Incorporated, Green River
Area Development District and OASIS.

"We connect our residents to them for education, job training, job opportunities
and other services." Condon said.

"Providing housing assistance alone is often not enough to help individuals
increase their independence," said HUD Secretary Shaun Donovan in a press
release. "The service coordinators funded through these programs open doors that
help HUD-assisted families find jobs, access services and assist the elderly and
disabled to continue living as independently as possible in their homes."

HUD estimates this funding will allow the grantees to hire new employees or
retain approximately 650 service coordinators that are currently working with
HUD-assisted individuals.

___ (c)2011 the Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Ky.) Visit the Messenger-Inquirer
(Owensboro, Ky.) at www.messenger-inquirer.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110916-OW-Housing-Authority-receives-grant-0916-20110916

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OW


                       Copyright 2011 Messenger-Inquirer


                              446 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                            September 2, 2007 Sunday

Boulder boys push worldwide grid;
Brothers convince people to donate their spare computer time

BYLINE: Amy Bounds Camera Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 350 words


For more information or to join Team Boulder: www.team-boulder.com

Boulder brothers Grant and Max Buster heard about a new project that puts idle
computers to use working on research problems, and they wanted to help.

Starting in November 2004, they created a Boulder "team," talking relatives,
friends and strangers into downloading software that connects their computers to
the World Community Grid. Last week, their 180-member team was ranked the
100th-largest out of about 17,000 teams participating in the project worldwide.

"It's just a really cool idea," said Grant, a 15-year-old who attends Fairview
High School. "It uses a wasted resource to help serve humanity."

Both Grant and Max, who's 12 and attends Summit Middle School, said the biggest
challenge in getting people to sign up is explaining how it works.

The World Community Grid was started by IBM. After free software is downloaded
to a personal computer, the computer is connected to the grid. When the computer
is idle, it's joined with thousands of other computers on a server housed in
Boulder.

"Individual computers connect together to become a supercomputer," said Ray
Johnson, IBM's corporate citizenship manager for Colorado.

That computation power is put to work on various research projects on topics
such as muscular dystrophy, cancer and AIDS.

"It does research in months that normally would take decades," Johnson said.
"It's really amazing."

So far, there are more than 722,000 computers connected to the grid.

Max said most people want reassurances that it won't hurt their computer.

"It won't slow your computer down at all," he said. "And it's completely
virus-free."

Once they signed up friends and relatives, they started recruiting team members
by handing out fliers on Pearl Street. At a recent Asian Festival, they had a
booth and gave out about 500 fliers. So far, 30 more people have signed up
through that effort, boosting their team size ranking.

Their aspirations are higher still.

"We want to reach No. 1 in the world someday," Grant said.

Contact Camera Staff Writer Amy Bounds at 303-473-1341 or
boundsa@dailycamera.com

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Grant Buster, 15, left, and Max Buster, 12, are co-captains of Team
Boulder, created to encourage participation in the World Community Grid. The
World Community Grid uses donated computer idle time to work on world problems.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 Daily Camera and Boulder Publishing, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              447 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Victor Harbor Times

                          September 17, 2015 Thursday

GOOLWA - A community association aiming to bring groups

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 228 words


GOOLWA - A community association aiming to bring groups and services together in
the Alexandrina region has been launched.

Alexandrina Connect was launched at a black-tie gala on September 3 at the
Fleurieu Function Centre.

The launch raised awareness of the association and funds needed for its future.
The association is the governing body for The Community Centre - Goolwa, located
on Gardiner Street.

Vice president Karen Barrett said the volunteer-run community association aims
to provide a place for community groups and specialist programs to meet.

The first program offered at the centre was the Create and Connect program, an
arts and music-based session helping to reduce social isolation and offering a
place for participants to socialise.

The association is in talks with a financial investor who will fund and
construct a purpose-built community centre in Goolwa and lease it to the group.
The building is planned to be in the 'Village Green', which includes the Goolwa
oval. A concept of the building is being developed and is expected to be
released for public consultation soon.

Ms Barrett said the new building will aim to host programs, workshops and
training opportunities and space for community groups to base their activities.

The association is now applying for grant funding to provide more programs and
activities. For more information phone 8555 3941.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              448 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Victor Harbor Times

                          September 17, 2015 Thursday

GOOLWA - A community association aiming to bring groups

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 228 words


GOOLWA - A community association aiming to bring groups and services together in
the Alexandrina region has been launched.

Alexandrina Connect was launched at a black-tie gala on September 3 at the
Fleurieu Function Centre.

The launch raised awareness of the association and funds needed for its future.
The association is the governing body for The Community Centre - Goolwa, located
on Gardiner Street.

Vice president Karen Barrett said the volunteer-run community association aims
to provide a place for community groups and specialist programs to meet.

The first program offered at the centre was the Create and Connect program, an
arts and music-based session helping to reduce social isolation and offering a
place for participants to socialise.

The association is in talks with a financial investor who will fund and
construct a purpose-built community centre in Goolwa and lease it to the group.
The building is planned to be in the 'Village Green', which includes the Goolwa
oval. A concept of the building is being developed and is expected to be
released for public consultation soon.

Ms Barrett said the new building will aim to host programs, workshops and
training opportunities and space for community groups to base their activities.

The association is now applying for grant funding to provide more programs and
activities. For more information phone 8555 3941.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              449 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 Republican & Herald (Pottsville, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 20, 2010 Saturday

Mahanoy Township applies for grant funds for park

BYLINE: John E. Usalis, Republican and Herald, Pottsville, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 599 words


Mar. 20--MAHANOY CITY -- The Mahanoy Township Board of Supervisors is reminding
residents of the importance of saving -- about $2,000 to be exact.

That is the amount of money residents in the township will need on hand when the
time comes to connect to the sewer system.

"We need to remind everybody to start saving for connecting to the system,
because it will be approximately $2,000 to connect," township supervisors
Chairwoman Sharon Chia said.

In addition to the tap-in fee, property owners will also have the costs of
connecting from their home or business to the sewer main at the curb.

"This is going to be a burden on a lot of our residents because of their
incomes," said Chiao. "So we're asking you to please start now putting money
away so that when we start the project in about two years, you'll have the money
to pay for those sewage costs."

The township will connect homes and businesses into the sewer treatment system
operated by the Mahanoy City Sewer Authority.

In a related matter, township solicitor Eric Lieberman advised the supervisors
to have an Act 537 Plan survey.

"As you know, there were a lot of cuts made in the state budget negotiations,
and a lot of cuts filter down to the smaller municipalities," said Lieberman.
"This survey, which is on the Pennsylvania State Association of Township
Supervisors' Web site, is to be completed by municipalities so the information
can be sent back to the state so they know what municipalities are in dire need
of funding."

In other business, the supervisors will seek additional grant funds to complete
construction of a park in one of the township villages.

The supervisors adopted a resolution at Thursday's meeting to apply for the
funds from the state Department of Conservation and Natural Resources for the
Park Place Community Park.

According to the monthly report submitted to the township by Alfred Benesch &
Co. engineers Matthew J. Peleschak and James J. Rhoades Jr., DCNR announced the
opening of its 2010 Community Conservation Partnership grant program, with
applications due by April 21. The engineers plan to prepare the application on
behalf of the township to install additional recreation equipment at the
playground. A full application with the site sketch, project description and
cost estimate will be submitted to the township for review before the
applications are submitted.

The estimated cost of the project is about $40,000, with the township looking to
DCNR for about $30,000 of that cost. The remaining $10,000 will be a cash match
of $5,000 from the township, along with in-kind match of labor valued at $5,000
to install the equipment with township employees and volunteers.

"We have a new park where the Pagnotti family donated some land in Park Place,"
Chiao said after the meeting. "We didn't have a park there for the kids. After
we got the land, we had the Army Corps of Engineers come in last year to clear
it. We have a pavilion and a sandbox there. We're getting ready to put in a
basketball court, a volleyball court and playground equipment for the kids. We
had to pass the resolution to finish the park."

Sign up for Text Alerts

Sign up for e-mail newsletters

To see more of the Republican & Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.republicanherald.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Republican and Herald,
Pottsville, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100320-RN-Mahanoy-Township-applies-for-grant-funds-for-park-0320

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RN


                       Copyright 2010 Republican & Herald


                              450 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                              July 25, 2016 Monday

Mohawk College builds rooftop pollination paradise

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 510 words


Native grasses and bright-coloured flowers such as the rudbeckia outline the
patio area on a section of the library's roof at Mohawk College.

Elisha Martin, a paralegal student at the college, is working diligently in the
223-square-metre rooftop garden. She's digging a small hole to plant a sunflower
hoping it will entice more bees or other insects to pollinate.

It won't be long before the garden is lush and buzzing with activity thanks in
part to World Wildlife Fund (WWF) Canada's Go Wild community grant initiative.

Mohawk College was among more than 250 applicants and will receive $6,000 to put
toward its Pollination Paradise initiative. What's more, the college was the
only one in the country to receive the grant.

"It's exciting to work with a group like the World Wildlife Fund because they're
a progressive organization doing a lot to protect and educate people about the
importance of our natural environment," said Alan Griffiths, manager of
sustainability at Mohawk.

Their goal is to increase the amount of pollinators that visit all the gardens
on campus, support local food production and diversify the plant population
while creating a space to be used as a "learning environment" for staff,
students and members of the community.

"They can visit the garden, they can learn about the plants, the importance of
pollinators in an urban setting and the importance of green roofs," said
Griffiths.

They also plan to hire a part-time student to maintain the garden and monitor
pollinator activity.

Impressed with "their commitment to sustainability" WWF's Sarah Winterton,
director of nature-connected communities, says Mohawk was selected based on the
timing of the venture considering the "issues of pollinators and the stress on
bees and other insects and their ability to connect with the surrounding
community."

"Given the student population and all the different ways it connects with the
community around it, it really has the capacity to help replicate the project in
other household gardens or other green spaces," said Winterton.

"Mohawk is well-positioned to help carry forward this opportunity to play a role
in re-establishing healthy pollinator habitat."

According to Winterton, there are 400 wild bee species in Eastern Canada. The
rusty-patched bumble bee "used to proliferate in southern Ontario" but was added
to Ontario's list of species-at-risk in 2010.

"We want to play a role in strengthening the connection Canadians have to
nature," she said. "We need pollinators as part of the vital part of our food
system."

WWF gave out grants between $1,000 and $7,000. Twenty other projects were
successful - recipients included small non-government organizations, community
groups and individuals.

The program launched in 2015 with more than $100,000 given out so far.

Through the college's Sustainability Initiatives Fund - a partnership with
students - the college was able to match WWF's contribution, bringing the total
investment in the rooftop garden to $12,000.

About a dozen native grasses and flowers will be planted over the next few
weeks.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              451 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           The Mount Airy News, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 3, 2011 Saturday

EDITORIAL: To city officials who worked long and hard on putting together grant
applications which have resulted in more than $2 million in awards to the city
to connect the Emily B

BYLINE: The Mount Airy News, N.C.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 167 words


Sept. 03--To city officials who worked long and hard on putting together grant
applications which have resulted in more than $2 million in awards to the city
to connect the Emily B. Taylor Greenway and Ararat River Greenway. This is a
major coup for the city, being able to connect the greenways not only for those
who want to use them for exercise, but now people can go from one portion of the
city to another without having to walk or bike on large roadways.

To the Gilmer-Smith Foundation for its recently concluded Music in the Park
series. This three-concert series offers great entertainment for area residents,
and an outlet for wonderfully talented and widely known artists to play in their
hometown. This sort of community enrichment opportunity is among the activites
that set Mount Airy apart from other cities and towns across the state.

___ (c)2011 The Mount Airy News (Mount Airy, N.C.) Visit The Mount Airy News
(Mount Airy, N.C.) at www.mtairynews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110903-NI-EDITORIAL-To-city-officials-who-worked-long-and-hard-on-putting-toge
ther-grant
-applications-which-have-resulted-in-more-than-2-million-in-awards-to-the-city-t
o-connect-the-Emily-B-0903-20110903

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NI


                                 Copyright 2011


                              452 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          Brimbank Leader (Australia)

                             April 16, 2013 Tuesday
                                 1 - BM Edition

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 249  words


Walk raises funds

Students in Sydenham have pounded the pavement to raise money for their school.
On March 27, Sydenham-Hillside Primary School held an adidas School Fun-Run and
raised more than $6000. Details: schoolfunrun .com.au

Apply for grant

The closing date for the 2012-13 St Albans Connect Brokerage grants has been
extended until May 10. Grants of up to $18,000 are available to community groups
and not-for-profit organisations. Details: stalbans connect.com.au

Funds for scouts

Two Keilor Village Scout Groups have received State Government funding. The 5th
Scout Group has received $100,000 to put towards its new building, while the 1st
Scout Group has received $40,000 to upgrade its facilities. To get involved
visit vicscouts.com.au.

Property for sale

An industrial investment property in Derrimut is expected to fetch more than
$7.6 million. Savills Australia is handling the sale of the property at 67
Calarco Drive. Expressions of Interest close at 3pm on April 24. Details:
savills.com.au

New play area

An upgraded playground at the Delahey Reserve in Yeats Drive was officially
opened at the weekend. The Brimbank Council said it spent three months and
$400,000 upgrading the playground, which includes a rope climber, swings and
slides.

Tutor wanted

The Brimbank U3A is searching for a volunteer computer tutor. The tutor is
needed for an intermediate class held at West Sunshine Community Centre. For
more information phone Brimbank U3A on 9356 9085 or email:
brimbanku3a@samps.org.au

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: BMV


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              453 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 27, 2013 Tuesday

Cardin, Mikulski Announce USDA-RD Funding For Improvement And Expansion Of Water
Infrastructure In Allegany

LENGTH: 431  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Ben Cardin, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

U.S. Senators Ben Cardin and Barbara A. Mikulski (both D-Md.) today announced
that the Allegany Board of Commissioners has received an $869,000 grant from the
Department of Agriculture Rural Development (USDA-RD) to extend Allegany County
water mains to connect to the Rawlings community water system and replace the
existing aged distribution system. In addition to the grant, the project will be
funded by a loan of $461,000 from USDA-RD to Allegany County.

"All Marylanders deserve the peace of mind that comes from knowing that the
water coming out of their faucet is clean and safe. Keeping this a reality is
becoming increasingly more difficulty as the water infrastructure we rely on
outlives its expected lifespan," said Senator Cardin. "I applaud USDA-RD's
proactive approach, and strategic investments in innovative projects designed to
meet the current and future needs of our water systems in Allegany County and
across the nation. We must continue to take a proactive approach, making
strategic investments in innovative projects designed to meet the current and
future needs of our water systems."

"Maryland cities and towns need to upgrade their water and sewer infrastructure
but they can't do it on their own," Senator Mikulski said. "These funds will
allow Allegany County to update critical infrastructure. It will create
construction jobs today and a modernized water system that promotes community
health and economic growth tomorrow."

This funding will be used to pick up new distribution lines to extend into the
Rawlings area and connect users within the service area. A new water storage
tank and treatment facility will also be constructed. After completion of the
project the county will own and maintain the system, which is currently
privately owned. This is the third and final phase of funding to update the
Rawlings Water Distribution System in an effort to bring safe and reliable
public water to this 350 home community. In addition, $800,000 of federal
Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) funds will be made available through
the Maryland Department of Housing and Community Development (DHCH). Allegany
County will contribute $261,000.

Senator Cardin is Chairman of the Environment and Public Works Water
Subcommittee. Senator Mikulski is Chairwoman of the Appropriations Committee.
Together they understand the economic, environmental and quality of life
benefits of investing in infrastructure.

For further information please visit: http://www.cardin.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              454 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Fergus Falls Daily Journal, Minn

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 13, 2013 Tuesday

Web site will connect job seekers to Fergus Falls area employers

BYLINE: Heather Rule, Fergus Falls Daily Journal, Minn.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 409 words


Aug. 13--Fergus Falls job seekers and employers will soon have a localized,
online resource to connect with each other.

It's called Fergus Falls Talent Community, an online community where individuals
and local businesses can showcase their talents and opportunities. The website
(www.fergustalent.com) will be fully functional Sept. 3, with a special kick-off
party that day to celebrate.

"It's really a site to validate and tell people what your skills and your
talents are," said Trudi Amundson, project manager.

The idea all stemmed from a question Amundson was asked: How many electrical
engineers are in the area? Not having a way to know the answer, she thought it
would be great if there could be one central spot where people could showcase
their talent and skills.

The membership-based Talent Community is offered at no charge, made possible
through an Otto Bremer Foundation grant, and it will start in Fergus Falls,
Brainerd and Crookston. Each community will have its own dedicated website of
individual profiles.

"We're the first people in the state to make this go live," Amundson said.

The community will have its own group established on the business networking
website LinkedIn, but to be clear, the Talent Community is different than that
social media site. For one thing, the Talent Community is a place to brand
yourself and list your skills through a personal profile, while LinkedIn is a
place to put your resume.

Job seekers in the area, or even those who would be interested in moving to the
community, can be part of the Fergus Falls Talent Community. All they need is an
ACT National Career Readiness Certificate to join the site. The certificate is a
portable credential which demonstrates achievement and a certain level of
workplace skills.

"It really assesses what you can do with what you know," Amundson said.

More than 200 people in Fergus Falls have the certificate. It's something that
validates an individual's skills, then those skills they post on their Talent
Community profile can help get them paired up with an occupation. Employers can
use the site to search for skills.

The Talent Community idea has been well received so far.

"Both of us are getting great feedback from employers," said Rick Schara, with
business services at DEED.

___ (c)2013 the Fergus Falls Daily Journal (Fergus Falls, Minn.) Visit the
Fergus Falls Daily Journal (Fergus Falls, Minn.) at www.fergusfallsjournal.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130813-1FF-Web-site-will-connect
-job-seekers-to-Fergus-Falls-area-employers-0813-20130813

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1FF


                Copyright 2013 Fergus Falls Daily Journal, Minn


                              455 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                               Minnesota Connects

                                505 Wabasha St.
                              St. Paul,  MN 55102
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.mnconnects.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Minnesota Connects supports projects and programs with a strong educational
component that fosters connections to our community, our environment, our world
and ourselves.  Minnesota Connects offers one-year grants between $200 and
$5,000.  History of Minnesota Connects:   Minnesota Connects is a student run
committee of the Irwin Andrew Porter Foundation and Minnesota Business Academy.
We offer small grants to non-profit organizations in Minnesota and Western
Wisconsin. The purpose of Minnesota Connects is to develop in students a sense
of activism and an understanding of philanthropy and non-profit organizations
through active participation in managing investments and providing grants.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              456 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                              July 25, 2016 Monday

Bee happy: Mohawk College builds rooftop pollination paradise

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 510 words


Native grasses and bright-coloured flowers such as the rudbeckia outline the
patio area on a section of the library's roof at Mohawk College.

Elisha Martin, a paralegal student at the college, is working diligently in the
223-square-metre rooftop garden. She's digging a small hole to plant a sunflower
hoping it will entice more bees or other insects to pollinate.

It won't be long before the garden is lush and buzzing with activity thanks in
part to World Wildlife Fund (WWF) Canada's Go Wild community grant initiative.

Mohawk College was among more than 250 applicants and will receive $6,000 to put
toward its Pollination Paradise initiative. What's more, the college was the
only one in the country to receive the grant.

"It's exciting to work with a group like the World Wildlife Fund because they're
a progressive organization doing a lot to protect and educate people about the
importance of our natural environment," said Alan Griffiths, manager of
sustainability at Mohawk.

Their goal is to increase the amount of pollinators that visit all the gardens
on campus, support local food production and diversify the plant population
while creating a space to be used as a "learning environment" for staff,
students and members of the community.

"They can visit the garden, they can learn about the plants, the importance of
pollinators in an urban setting and the importance of green roofs," said
Griffiths.

They also plan to hire a part-time student to maintain the garden and monitor
pollinator activity.

Impressed with "their commitment to sustainability" WWF's Sarah Winterton,
director of nature-connected communities, says Mohawk was selected based on the
timing of the venture considering the "issues of pollinators and the stress on
bees and other insects and their ability to connect with the surrounding
community."

"Given the student population and all the different ways it connects with the
community around it, it really has the capacity to help replicate the project in
other household gardens or other green spaces," said Winterton.

"Mohawk is well-positioned to help carry forward this opportunity to play a role
in re-establishing healthy pollinator habitat."

According to Winterton, there are 400 wild bee species in Eastern Canada. The
rusty-patched bumble bee "used to proliferate in southern Ontario" but was added
to Ontario's list of species-at-risk in 2010.

"We want to play a role in strengthening the connection Canadians have to
nature," she said. "We need pollinators as part of the vital part of our food
system."

WWF gave out grants between $1,000 and $7,000. Twenty other projects were
successful - recipients included small non-government organizations, community
groups and individuals.

The program launched in 2015 with more than $100,000 given out so far.

Through the college's Sustainability Initiatives Fund - a partnership with
students - the college was able to match WWF's contribution, bringing the total
investment in the rooftop garden to $12,000.

About a dozen native grasses and flowers will be planted over the next few
weeks.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              457 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Grand Haven Tribune, Mich.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 27, 2015 Friday

Listening to the neighborhood

BYLINE: Alex Doty, Grand Haven Tribune, Mich.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 514 words


March 27--Officials take input on Lakeshore Middle School traffic improvement
ideas.

The daily drop-off and pick-up of students at Lakeshore Middle School has been a
learning experience for parents, school officials and city leaders this year.

The school and city continue to work toward a traffic flow and student safety
improvement plan, and on Thursday unveiled three concepts for community
feedback.

Laura Burns, who lives on Waverly Avenue, said the safety of the students should
be a top priority in the neighborhood around the school.

"I am glad they're letting us be a part of this process," she said at Thursday's
traffic design open house at the school.

The three designs -- which would be funded by a 2014 voter-approved school
district bond -- are a work in progress, noted Lakeshore Middle School Principal
Kevin Polston.

"The concepts we have are all based on community feedback," he said.

See maps of the three concepts: Download the PDFs (Related Files) at the bottom
of this story.

The first concept involves building a new parking lot and drop-off area near the
corner of Cutler Street and Grant Avenue, replacing the existing parking lot and
the Seventh Street curve. Cutler would also be realigned around the new parking
lot to connect with Grant.

Concept 2 would build a new parent drop-off lane on the school's northeast side.
The lane would connect from Grant Avenue near the tennis courts to Seventh
Street next to the school. This design would cut through some of the athletics
area.

The third concept would repave and restripe the existing parking lot at the
corner of Cutler and Grant, and install new sidewalk and curb around the lot and
along Seventh.

The third option would also include gates on Seventh, between Cutler and Grant,
that would be closed at peak traffic times. This is similar to the temporary
traffic control measure that's been in place during the present school year.

Burns said she likes the third option since it is similar to the temporary
design, and she doesn't want to see Seventh Street permanently closed.

"I'd really like to share the road," she said. "It would be a win-win for the
school and the community."

The school district has also sought input from parents at school conferences and
from school bus drivers for their design likes and dislikes. The input will help
create a permanent solution, officials said.

"We're going to present the feedback to City Council and the school board in
April," Polston said.

Officials will then step back and take guidance and direction on what to do
next.

"We're not slated for any work until the summer of 2016," Polston said.

City Manager Pat McGinnis noted that there would be no cost to the city, but
said the city would be involved in the decision-making process.

"Our responsibility begins where the streets begin," he said. "Plus, we equally
care about the safety of the students."

Related Files:

Concept 1

Concept 2

Concept 3

___ (c)2015 the Grand Haven Tribune (Grand Haven, Mich.) Visit the Grand Haven
Tribune (Grand Haven, Mich.) at www.grandhaventribune.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150327-NA-Listening-to-the-neighborhood-0327-20150327

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NA


                   Copyright 2015 Grand Haven Tribune, Mich.


                              458 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Victor Harbor Times

                          September 17, 2015 Thursday

GOOLWA - A community association aiming to bring groups

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 227 words


GOOLWA - A community association aiming to bring groups and services together in
the Alexandrina region has been launched.

Alexandrina Connect was launched at a black-tie gala on September 3 at the
Fleurieu Function Centre.

The launch raised awareness of the association and funds needed for its future.
The association is the governing body for The Community Centre - Goolwa, located
on Gardiner Street.

Vice president Karen Barrett said the volunteer-run community association aims
to provide a place for community groups and specialist programs to meet.

The first program offered at centre was the Create and Connect program, an arts
and music-based session helping to reduce social isolation and offering a place
for participants to socialise.

The association is in talks with a financial investor who will fund and build a
purpose built community centre in Goolwa and lease it to the group. The building
is planned to be in the 'Village Green', which includes the Goolwa oval. A
concept of the building is being developed and is expected to be released for
public consultation soon.

Ms Barrett said the new building will aim to host programs, workshops and
training opportunities and space for community groups to base their activities.

The association is now applying for grant funding to provide more programs and
activities. For more information phone 8555 3941.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              459 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Hume Moreland Leader (Australia)

                             July 28, 2015 Tuesday
                                  Hume Edition

fast lane

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 219  words


School Tree Day Mother Teresa Catholic Primary School in Craigieburn did its bit
for the environment on Friday as part of School's Tree Day. Students learnt
about gardening and planting with the help of Bunnings.

Salvos connect Craigieburn Salvos are more connected than ever with a new stall
at Craigieburn Central. The Connect Desk is open 10am-3.30pm, Monday-Friday.

Apply for grants Charities, sporting clubs and not-for-profit groups can apply
for grants under the Telstra Connected Community Project. Applications close
Friday. Voting will take place in store at Telstra Broadmeadows.

Interfaith forum The One Community, Many Faiths forum, run by Hume Interfaith
Network, is on 10am-3pm, August 5 at Hume Global Learning Centre, Broadmeadows.
RSVP by Friday, 9205"2565 or alanaw@hume.vic.gov.au

Numbers soar More than 8.3 million travellers have seen Melbourne Airport's
inter-national passenger numbers soar by eight per cent to 619,533 for 2014-15.
Domestic numbers grew by 2 per cent compared to the previous financial year.

Win an ad spotLeader Community Newspapers and AAMI are giving eight readers a
chance to win a quarter-page advertorial to promote their business. Tell us your
biggest pain points when it comes to running your own business. Entries close
August 7. Go to heraldsun.com.au/leader/competitions

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Hume Leader


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              460 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                            Crain's Detroit Business

                             March 24, 2003, Monday

Brick by brick; Foundations, corporations take up slack in pushing redevelopment

BYLINE: Robert Ankeny

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 1227 words


Detroit foundations and corporations are increasing their support for
redevelopment efforts in the city as leaders have emerged to champion projects
and to take up the slack for lagging government funding.

The Troy-based Kresge Foundation late last year pledged $50 million to the
redevelopment of the city's east riverfront with a five-year series of challenge
grants meant to coax additional business and foundation investment into the
project.

An additional $7 million Kresge challenge grant to Detroit Renaissance Inc. is
aimed at jump-starting more than $20 million in gap financing for residential
redevelopment projects downtown.

The foundation money flowing into Detroit this year is part of a flow that began
picking up momentum after 1998.

Grants in Detroit totaled about $64.4 million in 1998. In 1999, the total jumped
to $102.9 million and surged to $169 million in 2000, according to the
Foundation Center, a New York City-based organization that collects and
communicates information about U.S. philanthropy.

The 2000 numbers were based on 1,204 grants from the top 50 foundations in the
United States. Grants to Detroit in 2001 totaled $158.5 million.

Kresge President John Marshall III said he's witnessed a growth in leadership
and gifts from corporations and foundations in the past decade in Detroit.

Kresge provides challenge grants for building projects, with about 10 percent of
its average annual giving coming to Michigan. Kresge's two recent major grants
for the city are part of its 8-year-old Detroit Initiative.

''What we've seen is that these things usually get started with gifts from
individuals, leadership gifts and a good, healthy mix of funding sources,
sometimes public money.

''But in Detroit, we had not until recently had the breakthrough gifts that
inspire further giving and support,'' Kresge's Marshall said.

''I think that people in a community like Detroit step up when there is a real
threat or a real opportunity,'' he said.

Even in today's poor economic climate, Marshall said: ''People feel they just
cannot wait for better times. There are things that need to be done, and if the
leadership is there, people will do them.''

In recent years, gifts have played a pivotal role in the development and
redevelopment of Orchestra Hall, the Detroit Opera House, the Downtown YMCA, and
the Barbara Ann Karmanos Cancer Institute, among many projects.

Detroit's grant picture is much improved. The $336.3 million in grants received
by Detroit organizations between 1998 and 2000 contrasts with just $121.6
million from 1989 to 1992, according to Foundation Center data that City Connect
Detroit highlights in a new report called ''Investing in Detroit: Philanthropy
in Detroit, 1994-2001.''

During the 1970s and 1980s, redevelopment in Detroit was largely left to city
government, which often looked to Washington for seed money and major financing
for new projects. The land purchases for DaimlerChrysler AG's Jefferson Assembly
Plant and General Motors Corp.'s ''Poletown'' assembly plant were heavily
subsidized by the city.

Paul Hillegonds, president of Detroit Renaissance, said: ''The public sector
can't do it alone anymore because of the shrinking tax base. There has to be a
buy-in on both sides.''

However, he said, ''It shouldn't be an excuse for government to withdraw and say
the private sector has to do all of this.''

Public-private partnerships give good balance, Hillegonds said.

''The private involvement brings more of a market approach, a focus more on
results rather than process,'' he said. ''Government brings the necessary
process to get the results.''

Virgil Carr, president and CEO of United Way Community Services in Detroit, said
the involvement of foundations and corporations comes from enlightened
leadership.

''There's much more involvement by those who run foundations and have an
interest in maintaining the quality of life,'' Carr said. ''Historically, many
of those things were left to government. But in this day and age, there is not
that neat separation.''

Now, Carr sees leadership coming together from business boardrooms and staffs of
public-service agencies to address development and human needs.

''Foundations in many ways used to be invisible, but now they are much more
involved and public in their pronouncements,'' Carr said.

Mariam Noland, president of the Community Foundation for Southeastern Michigan
in Detroit, said many philanthropic groups ''have been plugging away at projects
in the city that radiate into the region.''

She said a number of substantial projects, such as the Detroit Riverfront
Conservancy, have come together because key corporate and government leadership
is in place to make them happen.

Because they can come together and say, ''This will happen,'' foundations are
willing to become facilitators, Noland said.

Key deadlines also are prompting foundation support for Detroit redevelopment,
Noland said. ''Setting timetables helps to focus opportunity,'' she said.

Super Bowl XL in 2006 has fueled activity for downtown improvements, including
development of Campus Martius Park under the direction of the Detroit 300
Conservancy.

A small group, led by Edsel Ford II and Maud Lyon, former director of the
Detroit Historical Department, decided that a downtown park would be a
significant and lasting tricentennial legacy for the city, Noland said.

In the same way, she said, key leadership from Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick and Matt
Cullen, general manager of economic development and enterprise services at
General Motors Corp., is attracting support to spur redevelopment on the
riverfront.

''Redeveloping the riverfront is the way to transform the city,'' said Noland,
whose Community Foundation has had a $75 million regional greenways project
under way for about eight years.

Geneva Williams, president and CEO of City Connect Detroit, cites the creation
of her agency last year as an example of foundation involvement in redeveloping
Detroit.

City Connect was created by a consortium of local foundations to seek and secure
grant money for Detroit projects from public and private sources outside
Southeast Michigan. Participants include Kresge, the Hudson-Webber Foundation,
the Skillman Foundation and the McGregor Fund, all of Detroit.

''It's quite clear that when there are opportunities for big, bold,
collaborative projects, the foundations and corporations want to be involved and
play a role,'' Williams said.

In its first year, City Connect has secured about $4 million in three grants,
Williams said. Two are for after-school programs, and another is aimed at
preventing lead-paint poisoning in children.

''City Connect is a cross section where you have public, private and nonprofits
coming together to find good business strategies to tackle certain community
issues and find the dollars to do it,'' Williams said.

Such coalitions need to address ''both commercial redevelopment of buildings and
infrastructure and also investment in social redevelopment, in people
programs,'' she said.

''The foundations discovered that we could profit by having more state and
federal involvement and investment from other, national private corporations and
foundations.''

Robert Ankeny: 446-0404, bankeny@crain.com

Terry Kosdrosky contributed to this report


LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Williams

                   Copyright 2003 Crain Communications, Inc.


                              461 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 26, 2013 Saturday

Healthy Allegany program shifting into high gear

BYLINE: Matthew Bieniek, Cumberland Times-News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 553 words


Oct. 26--CUMBERLAND -- A new health initiative funded by a $185,000 grant is
shifting into high gear, according to county health officials.

"What Healthy Allegany is all about is creating a community of care that meets
social and health needs of county residents," said Jenelle Mayer, director of
community health at the Allegany County Health Department.

Three community health workers are on board and begin work Oct. 30, Mayer said.

"They're not medical professionals," Mayer said, but can connect people,
especially high-risk patients, to medical care and other things they need.
Helping people develop healthy lifestyles will also be part of their job, Mayer
said.

Increasing access to transportation for health care needs is another key element
of the program.

"We know it's a barrier for a lot of patients," said Mayer. "We'll walk
residents through all the options for transportation. A coordinated
transportation voucher system is being created to get residents to their medical
and social service appointments when necessary.

The program will also work to support and connect people with emergency
assistance through Associated Charities and creation of a community resource
guide for use by health care providers, community health workers and other
organizations, Mayer said.

Healthy Allegany is a project of the Allegany County Health Planning Coalition.
The coalition continues to build upon information gathered in a community needs
assessment and is revising goals for improving health care in the community,
said Nancy Forlifer of the coalition. One area of growing concern is that many
medical providers are leaving the area, Forlifer said, and will need to be
replaced.

The coalition has also streamlined goals for the best impact, said Forlifer.

"We don't want to do things other people are already doing," Forlifer said.

While suicide prevention is clearly a mental health issue, the coalition has
decided to focus on improving mental health in the community rather than trying
to specifically address suicide, since improving mental health care and access
will help prevent suicide. Likewise, helping people with social needs, like the
need for food, can create an impact.

"We know people are going to the hospital just because they need a meal,"
Forlifer said.

The funding available for Healthy Allegany will take the project through
September 2014. The grant to Allegany County is one of seven grant awards
totaling $1.3 million provided by the Maryland Community Health Resources
Commission to help promote the activities of local health improvement coalitions
and the State Health Improvement Process. Launched by the Maryland Department of
Health and Mental Hygiene, SHIP provides the framework for accountability, local
action and public engagement to improve overall health in Maryland, county
health officials have said.

Mayer and Forlifer spoke during an Oct. 22 meeting of the Allegany County Board
of Health. Allegany County Commissioners and Dr. Sue Raver, the county health
officer, make up the county Board of Health. Other health department officials
were also at the meeting.

Matthew Bieniek can be contacted at mbieniek@times-news.com

___ (c)2013 the Cumberland Times News (Cumberland, Md.) Visit the Cumberland
Times News (Cumberland, Md.) at times-news.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20131026-UM-Healthy-Allegany-program-shifting-into-high-gear-1026-20131026

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                      Copyright 2013 Cumberland Times-News


                              462 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                  The Press-Republican (Plattsburgh, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 3, 2010 Saturday

County switches broadband plans

BYLINE: Denise A. Raymo, The Press-Republican, Plattsburgh, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 647 words


July 03--MALONE -- Franklin County wants to be added to the Development
Authority of the North Country's effort to bring broadband Internet service to
the region.

Its project is further along in development and funding than another broadband
proposal coming from CBN Connects in Plattsburgh, said Legislator Paul Maroun
(R-Tupper Lake), so it would bring service to the Tri-Lakes region sooner.

HAS FUNDING

Development Authority of the North Country, known as DANC, partnered with ION,
SLIC Network Solutions and Westelcom on a telecommunications network for St.
Lawrence, Jefferson, Lewis and Oswego counties.

The partners received $49.6 million in federal-stimulus money and matching-grant
funds to link colleges, libraries, hospitals and other institutions to
high-speed Internet.

CBN PLAN

CBN Connects was developed through industrial-development agencies from
Franklin, Clinton and Essex counties, as well as the Town of Plattsburgh.

It proposes a 500-mile fiber-optic network to serve those three counties, as
well as Hamilton, Warren and Washington counties, said Howard Lowe, director of
the Technical Assistance Center at Plattsburgh State, which is developing the
CBN project.

That network would cost $35 million to $55 million.

MOVING SLOWER

"I want broadband for Saranac Lake and Tupper Lake, and I don't care who brings
it," said Legislator Paul Maroun (R-Tupper Lake).

"We haven't seen much movement from the other people at CBN so far.

"There is no animosity. But with the other provider (CBN), we haven't seen much
action."

Lowe said Friday that he expects to hear next month if their application for
federal-stimulus funds is approved.

"DANC and ION were awarded funding in Round 1, and we have been selected as
finalists for funding in Round 2," he said.

"We should know about our application in August."

'ESSENTIAL'

County Manager James Feeley said both DANC and CBN Connects are competing for
the same pool of funding, but there is an air of professional cooperation and
genuine support for each other's plans.

"The more broadband, the better for the residents of the North Country," Lowe
said.

"Our network will bring affordable and accessible broadband that is essential to
the vitality and economic prosperity of the area."

UNANIMOUS

Maroun said DANC plans are already working in Jefferson and St. Lawrence
counties and that SLIC has a separate $5.4 million in loan and grant funding to
bring broadband service from Nicholville into Malone and at points in the
southern end of Franklin County.

"The (connection) site is two miles away from Tupper Lake," Maroun said.

"This would service the schools, Adirondack Medical Center, North Country
Community College and the Olympic facilities, and it would support cottage
industries."

Legislators unanimously passed the resolution to ask DANC to expend its reach to
include all of Franklin County.

TELEMEDICINE

Lowe said CBN Connect begins construction this fall on its telemedicine network,
which is a separate project from the broadband service.

He said the 260-mile network will be a telecommunication link for eight
entities, including Adirondack Medical Center, Alice Hyde Medical Center,
Clinton Community College, North Country Community College, Plattsburgh State,
the St. Regis Mohawk Medical Center, Elizabethtown Community Hospital and CVPH
Medical Center, as well as a handful of clinics and administrative sites.

E-mail Denise A. Raymo at: draymo@pressrepublican.com

To see more of The Press-Republican or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.pressrepublican.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Press-Republican,
Plattsburgh, N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100703-ZI-County-switches-broadband-plans-20100703

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZI


                      Copyright 2010 The Press-Republican


                              463 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              The Ballarat Courier

                             March 17, 2014 Monday

MAIN HEAD

BYLINE: Rachel Afflick

SECTION: THREE; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 171 words


Creswick residents are ready to launch their own virtual community meeting
place.

A new web page has been established by the Creswick and District Residents
Association (CADRA) to connect and inform the community.

CADRA president Judy Henderson said the group had received a Hepburn Shire
community grant of just under $2000 for the project.

"There are a lot of groups in Creswick and there is a lot going on," she said.

"We wanted to have a discussion forum so people could discuss things online and
put up news and photographs.

"It was to improve and enhance communication between the groups and also between
the community and the shire."

The website, creswick-online.com, will be officially launched today.

Ms Henderson said it would connect with social media via some of the existing
Facebook pages of Creswick organisations.

She hoped the page would enable people to engage in discussions about community
issues and events.

Small Dog Design in Ballarat created the web page and trained several CADRA
committee members to operate it.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2014 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              464 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                             January 6, 2014 Monday

NM teachers use technology in the classroom

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 435 words


ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. >> CenturyLink, Inc. (NYSE: CTL) is connecting teachers with
technology for the classroom. The CenturyLink Clarke M. Williams Foundation's
Teachers and Technology grant program, administered by Innovate + Educate today,
opened the application process for teachers in CenturyLink's local service areas
who want to innovatively implement technology in their classrooms to increase
student achievement.

Visithttp://innovate-educate.org/centurylinkgrant to learn more about the
program or apply for a grant. The deadline for applications is Friday, Jan. 10.

"As school budgets tighten, more and more teachers are looking for alternative
ways to enhance the learning experience for their students, and we are happy to
make the CenturyLink Teachers and Technology program available to them," said
Valerie Dodd, CenturyLink vice president and general manager for New Mexico.
"CenturyLink's vision is to improve people's lives by delivering advanced
technologies, and we are proud to support teachers who creatively leverage
technology to improve their students' learning experiences."

"Innovate+Educate applauds CenturyLink's vision to connect teachers to
technology," said Jamai Blivin, CEO of Innovate+Educate. "Research has shown the
positive impact that technology in the classroom has on engaging students in
learning. In addition, technology is a critical skill that students must have to
remain competitive in the global society we live in. These grants are a great
benefit to schools in New Mexico, and on behalf of students across the State, we
thank CenturyLink for their generosity."

CenturyLink service is neither required nor considered in the review of
applications.

The Foundation will award more than $1.4 million in grants to support technology
in the classroom through the 2013-2014 Teachers and Technology program, offered
throughout the company's service areas in the U.S. About the CenturyLink
Foundation

CenturyLink's vision is to improve lives, strengthen businesses and connect
communities by delivering advanced technologies and solutions with honest and
personal service. CenturyLink extends this vision through the CenturyLink Clarke
M. Williams Foundation, a 501(c)(3) organization dedicated to contributing to
endeavors that improve the well-being and overall quality of life for people
throughout CenturyLink's communities. Named after CenturyLink's founder Clarke
M. Williams, the Foundation is endowed by CenturyLink to support community
initiatives that encourage our employees to use their time, talents and
resources to strengthen the communities in which they live and work.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2014 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              465 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        St. Joseph News-Press (Missouri)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           November 19, 2016 Saturday

Community Missions opens drop-in center

BYLINE: Jena Sauber, St. Joseph News-Press, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 454 words


Nov. 19--Friday morning, after temperatures dropped some 30 degrees overnight,
people trickled into the Community Missions' new 8th Street Drop In Center,
getting cups of coffee and warm clothing and finding a seat to watch television.

"We are excited about being here because of the fact that we think there is a
real need in the St. Joe area for people to get out of cold, in the winter
especially," said Jill Miller, interim executive director with Community
Missions.

The new facility, located at 629 S. Eighth St., provides free showers,
restrooms, washers and dryers, basic personal hygiene items and other health
services. Services are available to those in need and are not limited to people
experiencing homelessness, Miller said. The facility opened Nov. 16 and expects
to be fully operational by Monday, Nov. 21.

The center, open five days a week, is staffed by full-time case manager Dena
Drake, several part-time building managers and volunteers.

Drake works to help connect people with resources, including financial and
housing assistance, mental and physical health care and other community
programs.

"A lot of times, people fall through the cracks just because of different things
going on in their lives," Drake said. "We help get them set up with the
different services to help them get over those barriers to where they can be
self sufficient."

The 8th Street Drop In Center also includes InterServ's relocated clothing
closet, which offers free clothing and household items several times a week at
the drop-in center.

The new facility is a joint effort between The Crossing and Community Missions
and is funded by a one-year $175,000 Mosaic Connect grant from Mosaic Life Care.
The Crossings' cottage industries and services, previously located in the
drop-in center's building, were moved to a building directly to the south.

Organizers hope to renew the grant, which expires next summer, to continue the
services, Miller said. The grant covered the remodel and start-up costs, as well
as cost to rent the building from The Crossing.

Currently, the drop-in center is open from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. Monday through
Friday, although hours may expand later in the year. Applications for volunteers
are available at the center. Donations, including personal hygiene items,
laundry soap, towels and other items, also are being accepted.

"We just want the people who have those needs to get those met and not be on the
streets during the winter or in housing that isn't adequate," Miller said. "...
We are hoping to find them and help them."

___ (c)2016 the St. Joseph News-Press (St. Joseph, Mo.) Visit the St. Joseph
News-Press (St. Joseph, Mo.) at www.newspressnow.com/index.html Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161119-JM-Community-Missions-opens-drop-in-center-1119-20161119

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JM


                      Copyright 2016 St. Joseph News-Press


                              466 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 10, 2014 Wednesday

Arizona: Transportation a lifeline for Tribal Nations

LENGTH: 413  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION has issued the following news release:

As readers of the Fast Lane know, transportation is about a lot more than just
how we get from one point to another.  Transportation is, what President Obama
likes to call, a ladder of opportunity.  It helps people reach better jobs and
better schools, which means they can reach for -and seize- a better life.

That's especially true on Tribal Lands.
Phot of reservation transit work
Photo courtesy Reservation Transportation Authority.

This week, DOT leaders participated in two events with representatives from
tribal lands: the White House Tribal Nations Conference and a meeting with
tribal leaders here at DOT headquarters.

We went to share a simple message: DOT is committed to working with tribal
communities to build the roads, bridges, and transit systems they need.  And
we've got a number of programs that are doing just that.

Secretary Foxx announced this week that $5 million in grants from our Tribal
Transit Program will soon be available for 2014.  These grants will help tribes
build and operate public transit programs and services that connect people with
jobs, schools, and health care.

And we're not stopping at transit.  The Tribal Transportation Program, which
provides funding for tribes to develop safe transportation and public road
access, will be awarding another $8.5 million this year.  This will help improve
road safety on tribal lands, which often have the nation's highest road fatality
rates.
Photo of bridge work on Tribal lands
Photo courtesy Puyallup Tribe.

Tribal communities have also benefited substantially from our TIGER grant
program.  Across six rounds of TIGER grants, 17 tribal projects have received
more than $85 million in funding.  For example, the Navajo Division of
Transportation received a $31 million TIGER grant to add two lanes to US-491,
boosting capacity and improving safety on a critical corridor that connects
Navajo Nation to other parts of New Mexico and Colorado.

We're proud of the work DOT is doing to support infrastructure development and
transportation safety on tribal lands.  And as we look to the future, our
commitment won't waver.

That's why we're going to continue pushing Congress to take up a long-term
transportation bill that will help us make the investments America's tribal
communities need to succeed, now and in the future.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              467 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 Republican & Herald (Pottsville, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 21, 2011 Tuesday

Schuylkill River Trail to enhance Haven Revitalization

BYLINE: Leslie Richardson, Republican & Herald, Pottsville, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 788 words


June 21--SCHUYLKILL HAVEN -- About 25 Schuylkill Haven residents attended the
quarterly mayor's meeting Monday giving suggestions about a proposed walking
loop that will add to several community and economic revitalization projects
already in the works.

Kay Jones, interim executive director of Schuylkill County's VISION, led the
discussion of the Heritage Towns and Tours Program. VISION was brought on board
by Schuylkill Haven to connect the community and the county to the trail
program.

"During the Trails Towns conference we attended, they said we had a choice to be
a town along the trail or a trail town," Jones said. "This is a great
opportunity for us to get some grant money up here and continue the
revitalization."

The vision of the Schuylkill Haven Heritage Action Plan Committee is to
revitalize the borough through the preservation and promotion of its historic,
cultural and natural treasures while promoting tourism.

Schuylkill Haven received a $2,000 grant through the Schuylkill River National
and State Heritage area's new Heritage Towns and Tours initiative.

The grant comes from funding from the William Penn Foundation and is intended to
support communities along the Schuylkill River land and water trails.

The parts of the trail that have already been established have been found to be
an effective economic driver in the communities through which the trail passes.

Part of the plan involves community input and Monday was the time for residents
to give feedback about the "Heritage Loop" that will take locals and tourists
passed all Schuylkill Haven has to offer.

Jones said the route of the loop has not been established but the committee
thinks the loop should take people on a tour of the historical, natural and
cultural assets of the community.

"We need to come up with ways to think of Schuylkill Haven that would be
inviting to tourists. There are a number of committees already revitalizing
Haven for people from this area, now it's time to expand to get some tourists
from all over the eastern United States to use the trail and visit Schuylkill
Haven," Jones said.

The borough is in the process of a five-phase revitalization project that
includes the Island project, Schuylkill River project, the Walk-In Art Center,
the Route 61 corridor and downtown revitalization.

Schuylkill Haven Mayor Gary Hess said the effort is like a wheel with the
downtown as the hub, the current revitalizations initiatives as the spokes and
the trail program "the rim that holds it all together."

On Monday, the group discussed projects to be completed to enhance the tourists'
and locals' experience.

From low cost projects like creating a brochure about the history of the
community and calendar of events, to much larger efforts like building a bridge
to connect Main Street to the Island, everything must be mapped out and ready
when funding comes available.

"This isn't something that is going to happen overnight," Jones said. "Some
projects we can get started on almost immediately. Others will happen when money
is available. There are all kinds of things we can do once we get this energy
going."

The group came up with a list of things they believed would enhance the trail.

A bike shop, canoe rentals, restaurants, bed and breakfasts, benches, path
markers, and rest rooms were all discussed.

Jones said she is hoping that civic groups, young people, church organizations
and private citizens take part in creating the trail town atmosphere.

"All of our current efforts and current groups that have worked so hard are all
working hand-in-hand with this, we aren't working against each other," Hess
said.

The heritage area's vision is to have a network of communities using their
historical, environmental and recreational resources to enhance visitors'
experiences, improve residents' quality of life and increase the positive
economic impact of these resources.

The heritage area covers Schuylkill, Berks, Chester, Montgomery and Philadelphia
counties.

The 130-mile trail is proposed to connect Philadelphia to the Schuylkill River
headwaters in Schuylkill County.

Currently, small portions in Schuylkill County are complete including the
seven-mile Bartram Trail from Hamburg to Auburn and a section near Landingville.

"The largest piece of trail is done around Philadelphia and we are just
beginning to put our trail together in Schuylkill County," Jones said.

To see more of the Republican & Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.republicanherald.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Republican & Herald,
Pottsville, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110621-RN-Schuylkill-River-Trail-to-enhance-Haven-Revitalization-0621-20110621

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RN


                       Copyright 2011 Republican & Herald


                              468 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Globe (Worthington, Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 14, 2016 Monday

For the health of it: Community Wellness Partners takes over where SHIP left off

BYLINE: Julie Buntjer, The Daily Globe, Worthington, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 897 words


March 14--WORTHINGTON -- The Nobles County Community Services' Public Health
office in Worthington has welcomed half a dozen new employees since last June,
all of whom are part of a new Community Wellness Partners initiative dedicated
to improving health for residents of Nobles, Cottonwood and Jackson counties.

Community Wellness Partners is a new name to identify the work formerly
attributed to the Statewide Health Improvement Program (SHIP) and a new $1.2
million grant public health received through the Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention that focuses on healthy eating, physical activity, diabetes
prevention, collaborating with health systems to improve clinical quality
measures, and connecting the community to available resources. The grant is over
a period of four years, with potential to be extended.

Christine Bullerman joined the staff last September and is the coordinator for
Community Wellness Partners.

"There were three other areas in the state that got this grant," she said. The
local award was presented to partnering agencies Des Moines Valley Health &
Human Services and Nobles County Community Services.

The three other areas of the state have existing SHIP employees working on the
grant initiative, but additional employees were needed to fulfill the grant
locally. Among them are Public Health Nurse Casey Borgen, dietitian Darlene
Studer (shared with Avera Medical Group Worthington) and Community Outreach
Workers Fabio Lopez and Owar Ojulu. SHIP Health Educator Cecilia Bofah is also
working with the group.

"We have 16 focus areas of health that we're working on, community-wide,"
Bullerman noted. "Over half of our strategies are identical to SHIP grant
strategies, so it only makes sense that our two grant programs work
side-by-side."

Bofah has already been working on healthy food access and availability by
working with area school districts and food pantries. She also is part of a
planning group with University of Minnesota Extension to develop a community
garden in Worthington, and is researching ways to establish a centralized
terminal for customers at farmers markets to pay with EBT, credit and debit
cards.

"We're hoping to fund a terminal station in hopes of bringing more options to
pay -- and thus more customers -- to the farmer's market," Bullerman said.

Another focus of Community Wellness Partners includes coordinating year-long
Employers4Wellness programs for local businesses to support employee health.

Through the program, staff will help incorporate evidence-based best practices
to improve employee health and moral at businesses. Among the areas addressed
will be vending options and snacks available to employees.

"Our goal is to always think about health equity -- to reach businesses that
have health disparities such as lower wage jobs, a higher population of
non-English-speaking employees and businesses with an older workforce," said
Bullerman.

"If someone is doing a lot of shift work, that puts them at risk for chronic
illness in the future," added Borgen.

The group has already started to reach out to businesses, but if anyone is
interested in joining the program, they should contact Bullerman at 295-5394.\

As for other initiatives, the CDC grant funding can be used to further the work
the SHIP grant started.

"We will build on what SHIP has done with projects like the active living plans
which Worthington is currently in the process of implementing" she added.

Among those initiatives are addressing food access gaps, making communities more
walkable and bikeable, offering the "I Can Prevent Diabetes" programs and
working with health systems to identify and assist people at risk for health
issues.

Community Wellness Partners eventually wants to see community health workers
embedded into health systems to connect with people of different cultures and
beliefs, and help them decrease barriers to getting health care.

Both Ojulu and Lopez attend online classes through Northwest Technical College
at Bemidji as they work to earn their certification as community health workers.
There are just 600 certified community health workers in Minnesota at this time,
said Ojulu. This profession is completely new to this area, and the health
workers will work toward encouraging health systems to see the value in their
position.

Once certified, Lopez will work with the Hispanic community, while Ojulu will
work with the African community.

"We're going to be helping people navigate the MNsure system, housing ... things
that people are not aware of," Ojulu said. "Coming from a different culture is
not always easy and somebody needs to be there for you. It's important for us to
be in the community, make referrals and connect them to services."

"The community health worker is the point person," added Lopez. "There's a lot
of barriers with language, culture and medical literacy."

Borgen said the overall goal of what Community Wellness Partners hopes to
achieve is reaching people where they need help addressing healthy living,
whether it's in the workplace, in the school or in the clinic.

"We're trying to reach all facets of their life," she said.

"We want to educate, inform and create awareness for the community, providers
and stakeholders," Bullerman added.

___ (c)2016 The Daily Globe (Worthington, Minn.) Visit The Daily Globe
(Worthington, Minn.) at www.dglobe.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160314-QG-For-the-health-of-it-Community
-Wellness-Partners-takes-over-where-SHIP-left-off-0314-20160314

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QG


                         Copyright 2016 The Daily Globe


                              469 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Globe (Worthington, Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 14, 2016 Monday

For the health of it: Community Wellness Partners takes over where SHIP left off

BYLINE: Julie Buntjer, The Daily Globe, Worthington, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 897 words


March 14--WORTHINGTON -- The Nobles County Community Services' Public Health
office in Worthington has welcomed half a dozen new employees since last June,
all of whom are part of a new Community Wellness Partners initiative dedicated
to improving health for residents of Nobles, Cottonwood and Jackson counties.

Community Wellness Partners is a new name to identify the work formerly
attributed to the Statewide Health Improvement Program (SHIP) and a new $1.2
million grant public health received through the Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention that focuses on healthy eating, physical activity, diabetes
prevention, collaborating with health systems to improve clinical quality
measures, and connecting the community to available resources. The grant is over
a period of four years, with potential to be extended.

Christine Bullerman joined the staff last September and is the coordinator for
Community Wellness Partners.

"There were three other areas in the state that got this grant," she said. The
local award was presented to partnering agencies Des Moines Valley Health &
Human Services and Nobles County Community Services.

The three other areas of the state have existing SHIP employees working on the
grant initiative, but additional employees were needed to fulfill the grant
locally. Among them are Public Health Nurse Casey Borgen, dietitian Darlene
Studer (shared with Avera Medical Group Worthington) and Community Outreach
Workers Fabio Lopez and Owar Ojulu. SHIP Health Educator Cecilia Bofah is also
working with the group.

"We have 16 focus areas of health that we're working on, community-wide,"
Bullerman noted. "Over half of our strategies are identical to SHIP grant
strategies, so it only makes sense that our two grant programs work
side-by-side."

Bofah has already been working on healthy food access and availability by
working with area school districts and food pantries. She also is part of a
planning group with University of Minnesota Extension to develop a community
garden in Worthington, and is researching ways to establish a centralized
terminal for customers at farmers markets to pay with EBT, credit and debit
cards.

"We're hoping to fund a terminal station in hopes of bringing more options to
pay -- and thus more customers -- to the farmer's market," Bullerman said.

Another focus of Community Wellness Partners includes coordinating year-long
Employers4Wellness programs for local businesses to support employee health.

Through the program, staff will help incorporate evidence-based best practices
to improve employee health and moral at businesses. Among the areas addressed
will be vending options and snacks available to employees.

"Our goal is to always think about health equity -- to reach businesses that
have health disparities such as lower wage jobs, a higher population of
non-English-speaking employees and businesses with an older workforce," said
Bullerman.

"If someone is doing a lot of shift work, that puts them at risk for chronic
illness in the future," added Borgen.

The group has already started to reach out to businesses, but if anyone is
interested in joining the program, they should contact Bullerman at 295-5394.\

As for other initiatives, the CDC grant funding can be used to further the work
the SHIP grant started.

"We will build on what SHIP has done with projects like the active living plans
which Worthington is currently in the process of implementing" she added.

Among those initiatives are addressing food access gaps, making communities more
walkable and bikeable, offering the "I Can Prevent Diabetes" programs and
working with health systems to identify and assist people at risk for health
issues.

Community Wellness Partners eventually wants to see community health workers
embedded into health systems to connect with people of different cultures and
beliefs, and help them decrease barriers to getting health care.

Both Ojulu and Lopez attend online classes through Northwest Technical College
at Bemidji as they work to earn their certification as community health workers.
There are just 600 certified community health workers in Minnesota at this time,
said Ojulu. This profession is completely new to this area, and the health
workers will work toward encouraging health systems to see the value in their
position.

Once certified, Lopez will work with the Hispanic community, while Ojulu will
work with the African community.

"We're going to be helping people navigate the MNsure system, housing ... things
that people are not aware of," Ojulu said. "Coming from a different culture is
not always easy and somebody needs to be there for you. It's important for us to
be in the community, make referrals and connect them to services."

"The community health worker is the point person," added Lopez. "There's a lot
of barriers with language, culture and medical literacy."

Borgen said the overall goal of what Community Wellness Partners hopes to
achieve is reaching people where they need help addressing healthy living,
whether it's in the workplace, in the school or in the clinic.

"We're trying to reach all facets of their life," she said.

"We want to educate, inform and create awareness for the community, providers
and stakeholders," Bullerman added.

___ (c)2016 The Daily Globe (Worthington, Minn.) Visit The Daily Globe
(Worthington, Minn.) at www.dglobe.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160314-QG-For-the-health-of-it-Community
-Wellness-Partners-takes-over-where-SHIP-left-off-0314-20160314

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QG


                         Copyright 2016 The Daily Globe


                              470 of 998 DOCUMENTS


               The Valley News-Dispatch (Tarentum, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 21, 2010 Thursday

State grants boost recreation projects in Alle-Kiski Valley

BYLINE: Jessica Turnbull, The Valley News-Dispatch, Tarentum, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 541 words


Jan. 21--Two recreational trail projects in the Alle-Kiski Valley got a boost
with state grants announced last week.

Allegheny Township received a $155,000 matching grant from the Community
Conservation Partnerships Program, part of the state Department of Conservation
and Natural Resources.

Township Manager Greg Primm said the money will be used to buy and revamp
1.5-miles of the Tredway Trail from the River Forest section of the township to
the Freeport Bridge. Another 1.5-mile stretch will be bought to connect at the
Kiski Junction, where Primm envisions a future recreational area.

"It is one step closer to getting all of these trails connected," he said.

The trail is on land owned by River Forest Partners where a housing development
project has been delayed until infrastructure work such as water and sewage
lines can be completed, Primm said.

The township will use $150,000 to buy the property, which River Forest President
Herman Tomer sold at half price as an in-kind donation, according to Primm.

Tomer said the project shows residents' passion about enhancing the
hiking-biking trails and riverfronts of the area.

"We've been very, very fortunate working with a wonderful group of people that
are looking at a large regional picture with the trails," Tomer said.

The non-profit Allegheny Ridge Corp., based in Altoona, also received a grant
from the state to continue work on the 320-mile Pittsburgh-to-Harrisburg Main
Line Canal Green Way that was started more than six years ago.

Project coordinator Laura Hawkins said the $45,000 grant will be used to plan
how to connect local recreational trails to the riverfront, and thus, become
part of, or connect to, the Green Way trail.

The Kiski Valley portion of the recreational trail runs from Freeport to
Saltsburg, just across the county line.

"All of the towns in the Valley are really essentially river towns but don't
necessarily feel that way when you come into them," Hawkins said. "We want to
weave those river recreational properties into the downtown revitalization
efforts."

One connection method will be "gateway art projects" -- eye-catching art pieces
at the entry points for towns near the rivers.

Apollo and Freeport created their art last year and the new grant will help
identify the next towns, she said.

Freeport's is a parklet at Second and High streets, which features a stone
planter depicting a 1800s packet boat.

Apollo has two stone arches that symbolize the curves of the Kiski River at
routes 56 and 66 as motorists cross the Apollo Bridge.

"It's about connecting the communities by the trails, connecting trails to the
downtown, connecting the downtowns to the rivers, connecting conceptually to all
of these resources," Hawkins said.

Jessica Turnbull can be reached at jturnbull@tribweb.com or 724-226-4702.

To see more of The Valley News-Dispatch or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.pittsburghlive.com/x/valleynewsdispatch/. Copyright (c) 2010, The
Valley News-Dispatch, Tarentum, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100121-TV-State-grants
-boost-recreation-projects-in-Alle-Kiski-Valley-0121

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TV


                    Copyright 2010 The Valley News-Dispatch


                              471 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        St. Joseph News-Press (Missouri)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              July 18, 2016 Monday

Mosaic awards Community Connect funding

BYLINE: Jena Sauber, St. Joseph News-Press, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 824 words


July 18--Mosaic Life Care announced the recipients Monday morning of more than
$1 million in funding through the Community Connect program. The new program is
designed to address population health issues in the St. Joseph area.

Big Brothers Big Sisters, Catholic Charities, Community Missions in partnership
with The Crossing Outreach Ministry, Family Guidance Center, Helping Everyone
Achieve Long Term Health (HEALTH), Legal Aid, Northwest Missouri Children's
Advocacy Center, Second Harvest Community Food Bank, United Way and Habitat for
Humanity were awarded a total of $1.2 million in funding through Community
Connect. Representatives from the community agencies were presented with checks
Monday morning at Mosaic.

"These projects really show down in the grass roots of what our agencies are
doing. They are new and they are innovative. Everything from health care access.
Everything to healthy living, food distribution. It really touches everything
for those folks in need," he said. "They represented, I think, the best of the
best in our community that's really doing a great job.

Second Harvest's grant will be used to start a mobile pantry program to provide
more perishable items to area communities. They will partner with existing
pantries or go into communities without current services to help provide more
fresh produce and protein, said Chad Higdon, executive director at Second
Harvest.

"A lot of times, those pantries are in borrowed space and have limited
refrigeration and freezer capacity. This will be a refrigerated truck and really
give us a lot of flexibility," Higdon said. "We can go to communities and set up
in a parking lot or community center and distribute food that way, or work in
conjunction with an existing pantry who already has set hours and individuals
coming in to access food from their pantry and supplement that with additional
fresh protein and produce."

The following project proposals were granted funds through Community Connect:

* The Big Brothers Big Sisters "Mentoring Children Experiencing Trauma" program
will provide support to children experiencing trauma including a parent in
prison, physical abuse and the death of a family member or friend.

* The Catholic Charities' Welcome Center will help fill health care gaps
including access to insurance and help residents meet their co-pay, purchase
medication and get dental work completed.

* The Community Missions', in partnership with The Crossing, Drop-In Center
program will help provide access to case management, health evaluation and job
training to people who are homeless or disenfranchised to help work toward
obtaining and maintaining permanent housing.

* The Family Guidance Center's "Door Always Open" program will help increase
integrated behavioral health services and promote access to those services.

* The Habitat for Humanity's Faraon Street Revitalization project will focus on
improving the neighborhood on Faraon Street between 22nd and 15th streets to
improve the health and safety of residents living in homes in the area.

* Twenty-five safety net and medical care organizations, Helping Everyone
Achieve Long Term Health (HEALTH), will help optimize and coordinate services to
encourage residents to overcome economic and social barriers to achieve long
term health.

* Legal Aid's "St. Joseph Healthy Housing Project" will include presentation of
investors to aid in rehabbing abandoned housing with city limits to improve
housing options for local, low-income residents.

* The Northwest Missouri Children's Advocacy Center's "Trauma Education and
Support" program will provide parent education about child sexual abuse, coping
and response skills and parent support groups and referrals.

* Second Harvest's "Fresh Mobile Pantry" project will encourage more frequent
distribution of fresh produce and protein by increasing the ability to store
those items.

* The United Way's "Success by 6 Resiliency Project" will provide intervention
and support services to young children with potential signs of social-emotional
or behavioral development condition.

The program launched April 15 and "streamlined" the process for allocating funds
for community organizations, according to the hospital. Grants range from $5,000
to $250,000. Agencies had to address social determinants that affect access to
health care, obesity prevention or mental health. Approximately 22 applications
were submitted.

"In the past, certainly we've always given out funds in the community, but it
came from a lot of different directions. This way gave us a chance to really
align those with our community health needs assessment," Dillon said. "It's a
little more organized. A little more strategic."

The hospital intends to continue the Community Connect program, Dillon said.

___ (c)2016 the St. Joseph News-Press (St. Joseph, Mo.) Visit the St. Joseph
News-Press (St. Joseph, Mo.) at www.newspressnow.com/index.html Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160718-JM-Mosaic-awards-Community-Connect-funding-0718-20160718

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JM


                      Copyright 2016 St. Joseph News-Press


                              472 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                           January 5, 2011 Wednesday

The Daily Record News Briefs: January 5, 2011

BYLINE: Daily Record Staff and Wire Reports

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 657  words


Rural bus service starts Greyhound Lines Inc. and the Maryland Department of
Transportation announced the start of Greyhound Connect, an intercity bus
service linking rural communities between Baltimore and Wilmington. One-way
fares are just $1 through Monday. Starting Tuesday, one-way fares will cost $21
or less. Greyhound Connect buses will run once daily in each direction, with
stops at Baltimore, White Marsh Station, Edgewood, Aberdeen, Perryville,
Northeast and Elkton in Maryland, as well as Newark and Wilmington, Del. From
Baltimore and Aberdeen, buses will connect with national Greyhound service. For
information and tickets, go to www.greyhound.com or call 800-231-2222.

School's Love offering A $500,000 challenge grant from the Texas-based Charles
T. Bauer Foundation to Notre Dame Preparatory School to construct a new athletic
field and establish a scholarship in memory of Yeardley Reynolds Love has been
successfully met with more than $1 million raised, officials of the Towson-based
Catholic school said. Love, a member of the Class of 2006 at NDPS, and a student
leader and stand-out lacrosse and field hockey player, was found murdered in May
2010 at the University of Virginia. Her former boyfriend, George Huguely, has
been charged in her death. The One Love Foundation, created by Love's family,
donated $220,000 in gifts and pledges toward the effort.

Funding for Gliknik Gliknik Inc. of Baltimore, a biopharmaceutical company
creating new therapies for autoimmune/inflammatory diseases and cancer, said it
has raised $4.5 million in the past seven months, of which $3.5 million is from
private investors and $1 million is from state and federal government sources.
The company plans to use the funds to initiate a clinical trial for GL-2045, its
lead autoimmune drug candidate, either on its own or with a partner. The company
also has clinical trials underway at the University of Maryland, Baltimore, for
compounds to treat advanced head and neck cancer and advanced myeloma, a form of
blood cancer.

Hillcrest spreads reach Hillcrest Laboratories Inc. of Rockville, a company that
makes motion-control hardware and software for televisions and interactive
devices, has licensed its technology to SMK Electronics, a Japanese manufacturer
of remote controls and consumer electronics accessories. The agreement - details
of which were not disclosed - provides Tokyo-based SMK with access to
Hillcrest's patented Freespace motion control technology. SMK has incorporated
Freespace into products that include a unique egg-shaped remote control being
used in Japan. Other companies that have licensed Freespace for use in their
products include Eastman Kodak, LG Electronics, Logitech, Sony Computer
Entertainment Inc. and Universal Electronics Inc.

GSE acquires EnVision GSE Systems Inc. of Sykesville, a manufacturer of
real-time simulation and training software for the energy, process,
manufacturing and government sectors, announced its acquisition of EnVision
Systems Inc. of Madison, N.J. GSE paid shareholders of EnVision $1.2 million in
cash at closing, and said it could pay up to an additional $3.05 million if
EnVision attains certain revenue targets by Dec. 31, 2014. EnVision provides
interactive multimedia tutorials and simulation models, primarily to the
petrochemical and oil and gas refining industries.

Boscobel granted Access Boscobel Marketing Communications Inc. of Silver Spring
said it was selected by Access Systems Inc., an information technology and
management systems company, to handle public relations for the Reston, Va.-based
firm. Boscobel will provide Access with branding and brand positioning services
that will highlight Access' strengths and expertise to defense and civilian
markets. Access' services include engineering, program support, systems
management, operations and maintenance, information assurance, help desk
administration and mobile computing implementation and support.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              473 of 998 DOCUMENTS

                           Hobart Mercury (Australia)

                           January 15, 2005 Saturday

QUICK NEWS

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 214 words


New gun

laws draft

NEW firearms legislation is expected to go before State Cabinet within months.

A review committee tabled proposed changes this week in Launceston.

It is understood this will be considered by Tasmania Police Firearm Services
before being passed to Cabinet.

A public comment period will follow the release of draft legislation.

Child panel

vacancies

SIX positions on Tasmania's Child Care Advisory Council have become vacant
because of completed terms.

The council is the peak advisory body to govern-ment on issues policy.

Expressions of interest to Education Minister Paula Wriedt, Level 8, 10 Murray
St, Hobart 7000 by January 31.

Community

grants call

APPLICATIONS for grants from the Connect Community Foundation are being sought
before February 4.

The foundation gives practical support to young Tasmanians to maximise their
potential in the community.

Forms are available t www.connectcredit

union.com.au or phone 6233 0733.

Funds for

musicians

MUSICIANS are urged to apply for new Arts Tasmania grants.

The Local Touring and Promotion grants can be used for travel, accommodation and
promotion costs.

The program is reviewed twice a year and applications close on February 1 and
July 5. Call 6233 7308 or visit www.arts.tas.gov.au

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: MER

                   Copyright 2005 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              474 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Cullman Times (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 14, 2011 Thursday

City eyes sewer line extension

BYLINE: Justin Graves, The Cullman Times, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 419 words


July 14--GOOD HOPE -- The city council held a public meeting Monday afternoon to
discuss the possibility of applying for a Community Development Block Grant to
help pay for a sewer line extension.

A group of residents gathered at city hall to publicly discuss the proposal with
grant writer Terry Acuff and the city council.

According to Acuff, the extension would allow approximately 36 homes near the
northwest section of the city to hook up to the sewer system. The grant money is
available through the Alabama Department of Economic and Community Affairs and
Good Hope has until August 1 to apply.

Based from the comments made by citizens during the public hearing, there have
been ongoing septic issues in that particular part of town because of the land's
topography.

"There have been ongoing septic issues in that area long before I was involved
with the council," Good Hope Mayor Corey Harbison said. "We've had two work
sessions concerning this particular issue in the past year, and both times we've
had different groups of people show up and address concerns, and none of them
have been against hooking up to the sewer system."

Through the grant, ADECA will pay small cities, like Good Hope, $350,000, with
the city matching 10 percent of the cost. According to Acuff, homeowners will
have the opportunity to connect to the sewer system at no cost and a
low-pressure grinder will be installed and connected to the home's electrical
system.

Acuff also said the contractor will remove the septic systems at no cost for
homeowners who choose to connect to the sewer system, as is required by the
health department.

According to Acuff, the contractor will maintain the low-pressure grinder pump
and the sewer line to the street right-of-way for one year. After that, the
homeowner is responsible for the cost of maintenance.

Homeowners who don't choose to connect to the sewer system can still do so at a
later date, but they will be responsible for the cost, which is estimated to be
approximately $5,000.

--Read more in the Thursday, July 14, 2011, edition of The Cullman Times.

--Justin Graves can be reached by phone at 734-2131, ext. 225 or by email at
justing@cullmantimes.com

To see more of The Cullman Times or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.cullmantimes.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Cullman Times, Ala.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110714-ZC-City-eyes-sewer-line-extension-0714-20110714

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZC


                        Copyright 2011 The Cullman Times


                              475 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 31, 2016 Thursday

Florida: Owen Elected Chair of the Community Foundations of Florida

LENGTH: 619  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Tallahassee: The Bonita Springs Area Chamber of Commerce, The State of Florida
has issued the following news release:



   Sarah Owen, president and CEO of the Southwest Florida Community Foundation,
has been elected chair of the Community Foundations of Florida for 2016.





 A member group of Florida Philanthropic Network, a statewide association of
grantmakers, CFF represents 29 community foundations working together to promote
philanthropy in our neighborhoods and throughout Florida. These foundations hold
more than $1.84 billion in charitable assets and give $161 million each year to
support the vital work of nonprofits in our communities.



 Each Florida community foundation is a nonprofit, tax-exempt charitable
organization created by and for the people of a particular area. Community
foundations help donors make a positive impact on their community, now and
forever.



 "With Community Foundations of Florida, we have an incredible opportunity to
both impact our own communities and work collectively to promote philanthropy
statewide," said Owen. "Community foundations have the unique ability to bring
government, business, economic development and the nonprofit sector around the
table to address challenges and opportunities in our neighborhoods as well as
provide customized philanthropic funds that connect donors to the issues that
are important to them. Together we are dedicated to making Florida a great place
to work, play, live and learn, and I am excited about the upcoming year with
CFF."



 Owen took the helm of the Southwest Florida Community Foundation in October
2011 and has since grown the assets of the organization by more than $30
million. Her journey into the nonprofit sector followed a career in investor
relations, public relations and corporate communications. She worked for
publicly traded companies on the New York Stock Exchange as well as private
companies throughout the Southwestern United States. Her corporate experience
was in the automotive and engineering industries, and she was sought out by
innovators and entrepreneurs developing emerging technologies to create
strategic communication plans.



 She brings this focus on innovation to her work at the Southwest Florida
Community Foundation.  In concert with a visionary board of trustees, Owen is
guiding the Foundation in reimagining its role in the region. Under her
leadership, the Foundation has become laser-focused on regional issues affecting
the quality of life in Southwest Florida, gathered hundreds of community leaders
and stakeholders around these issues, and has grown the Foundation's assets to
become one of the largest funding organizations in the region. Notably, her work
attracted national foundations, such as Lumina Foundation, to the region to
provide funding and resources to the FutureMakers Coalition.



 As leaders, conveners, grant makers and concierges of philanthropy, the
Southwest Florida Community Foundation is a foundation built on community
leadership with an inspired history of cultivating regional change for the
common good in Lee, Collier, Charlotte, Hendry and Glades counties. The
Community Foundation, founded in 1976, connects donors and their philanthropic
aspirations with evolving community needs. With assets of more than $93 million,
it has provided more than $63 million in grants and scholarships to the
communities it serves. Last year, it granted more than $3.2 million to nonprofit
organizations supporting education, animal welfare, arts, healthcare and human
services, as well as provided regional community impact grants and scholarship
grants.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              476 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 30, 2016 Wednesday

Florida: Owen Elected Chair of the Community Foundations of Florida

LENGTH: 619  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Tallahassee: The Bonita Springs Area Chamber of Commerce, The State of Florida
has issued the following news release:



   Sarah Owen, president and CEO of the Southwest Florida Community Foundation,
has been elected chair of the Community Foundations of Florida for 2016.





 A member group of Florida Philanthropic Network, a statewide association of
grantmakers, CFF represents 29 community foundations working together to promote
philanthropy in our neighborhoods and throughout Florida. These foundations hold
more than $1.84 billion in charitable assets and give $161 million each year to
support the vital work of nonprofits in our communities.



 Each Florida community foundation is a nonprofit, tax-exempt charitable
organization created by and for the people of a particular area. Community
foundations help donors make a positive impact on their community, now and
forever.



 "With Community Foundations of Florida, we have an incredible opportunity to
both impact our own communities and work collectively to promote philanthropy
statewide," said Owen. "Community foundations have the unique ability to bring
government, business, economic development and the nonprofit sector around the
table to address challenges and opportunities in our neighborhoods as well as
provide customized philanthropic funds that connect donors to the issues that
are important to them. Together we are dedicated to making Florida a great place
to work, play, live and learn, and I am excited about the upcoming year with
CFF."



 Owen took the helm of the Southwest Florida Community Foundation in October
2011 and has since grown the assets of the organization by more than $30
million. Her journey into the nonprofit sector followed a career in investor
relations, public relations and corporate communications. She worked for
publicly traded companies on the New York Stock Exchange as well as private
companies throughout the Southwestern United States. Her corporate experience
was in the automotive and engineering industries, and she was sought out by
innovators and entrepreneurs developing emerging technologies to create
strategic communication plans.



 She brings this focus on innovation to her work at the Southwest Florida
Community Foundation.  In concert with a visionary board of trustees, Owen is
guiding the Foundation in reimagining its role in the region. Under her
leadership, the Foundation has become laser-focused on regional issues affecting
the quality of life in Southwest Florida, gathered hundreds of community leaders
and stakeholders around these issues, and has grown the Foundation's assets to
become one of the largest funding organizations in the region. Notably, her work
attracted national foundations, such as Lumina Foundation, to the region to
provide funding and resources to the FutureMakers Coalition.



 As leaders, conveners, grant makers and concierges of philanthropy, the
Southwest Florida Community Foundation is a foundation built on community
leadership with an inspired history of cultivating regional change for the
common good in Lee, Collier, Charlotte, Hendry and Glades counties. The
Community Foundation, founded in 1976, connects donors and their philanthropic
aspirations with evolving community needs. With assets of more than $93 million,
it has provided more than $63 million in grants and scholarships to the
communities it serves. Last year, it granted more than $3.2 million to nonprofit
organizations supporting education, animal welfare, arts, healthcare and human
services, as well as provided regional community impact grants and scholarship
grants.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              477 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 28, 2016 Monday

Florida: Owen elected chair of the Community Foundations of Florida

LENGTH: 618  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Tallahassee: Greater Fort Myers Chamber Of Commerce, The State of Florida has
issued the following news release:



   Sarah Owen, president and CEO of the Southwest Florida Community Foundation,
has been elected chair of the Community Foundations of Florida for 2016.





 A member group of Florida Philanthropic Network, a statewide association of
grantmakers, CFF represents 29 community foundations working together to promote
philanthropy in our neighborhoods and throughout Florida. These foundations hold
more than $1.84 billion in charitable assets and give $161 million each year to
support the vital work of nonprofits in our communities.



 Each Florida community foundation is a nonprofit, tax-exempt charitable
organization created by and for the people of a particular area. Community
foundations help donors make a positive impact on their community, now and
forever.



 "With Community Foundations of Florida, we have an incredible opportunity to
both impact our own communities and work collectively to promote philanthropy
statewide," said Owen. "Community foundations have the unique ability to bring
government, business, economic development and the nonprofit sector around the
table to address challenges and opportunities in our neighborhoods as well as
provide customized philanthropic funds that connect donors to the issues that
are important to them. Together we are dedicated to making Florida a great place
to work, play, live and learn, and I am excited about the upcoming year with
CFF."



 Owen took the helm of the Southwest Florida Community Foundation in October
2011 and has since grown the assets of the organization by more than $30
million. Her journey into the nonprofit sector followed a career in investor
relations, public relations and corporate communications. She worked for
publicly traded companies on the New York Stock Exchange as well as private
companies throughout the Southwestern United States. Her corporate experience
was in the automotive and engineering industries, and she was sought out by
innovators and entrepreneurs developing emerging technologies to create
strategic communication plans.



 She brings this focus on innovation to her work at the Southwest Florida
Community Foundation.  In concert with a visionary board of trustees, Owen is
guiding the Foundation in reimagining its role in the region. Under her
leadership, the Foundation has become laser-focused on regional issues affecting
the quality of life in Southwest Florida, gathered hundreds of community leaders
and stakeholders around these issues, and has grown the Foundation's assets to
become one of the largest funding organizations in the region. Notably, her work
attracted national foundations, such as Lumina Foundation, to the region to
provide funding and resources to the FutureMakers Coalition.



 As leaders, conveners, grant makers and concierges of philanthropy, the
Southwest Florida Community Foundation is a foundation built on community
leadership with an inspired history of cultivating regional change for the
common good in Lee, Collier, Charlotte, Hendry and Glades counties. The
Community Foundation, founded in 1976, connects donors and their philanthropic
aspirations with evolving community needs. With assets of more than $93 million,
it has provided more than $63 million in grants and scholarships to the
communities it serves. Last year, it granted more than $3.2 million to nonprofit
organizations supporting education, animal welfare, arts, healthcare and human
services, as well as provided regional community impact grants and scholarship
grants.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              478 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                       Moscow-Pullman Daily News (Idaho)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 3, 2009 Tuesday

SIDEWALK SERIES: WSU student takes efforts to a global level: Building in Uganda
to be named after WSU grad student

BYLINE: Yesenia Amaro, Moscow-Pullman Daily News, Moscow, Idaho

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 528 words


Mar. 3--Daniella "Donna" Drader not only likes to connect with people locally,
but globally.

"It can be ... beneficial," said the Washington State University graduate
student and native Romanian. "Learning about what's going on in different
cultures can be helpful; to have a connection not only through education, but
environmental reasons and everything that is going on (in other places) that
affects us here (on the Palouse)."

She said people can serve in their communities and in communities across the
world.

Her efforts to that end have earned her an honor in a country she's never
visited.

She received a grant that allowed her to send school supplies to children in
Uganda and was asked if she would accept having a library/laboratory that is
under construction named after her.

"I was honored," she said. "It is also a way for me to share the story and
potentially have other people get excited and want to connect and help out."

Drader said she might consider having the building named "The Palouse Building"
to credit other organizations in the area that support people in Uganda.

She and her friend Katia Rossi wrote the small grant proposal to WSU Parent's
Foundation last year with the hope of being able to purchase and send the school
supplies and other items to an old teaching colleague in Uganda.

Drader said she has a special connection with Aggrey Talenga, who teaches at
Mary Reparatrix Secondary School in Uganda and is dedicated to his students.

She said he was helping build a new school in a poor, rural area and she wanted
to assist him in his efforts.

"I wanted to help him someway," she said.

The $1,000 grant enabled Drader to buy school supplies and essential children's
clothing that people don't normally send, like underwear. She said the school
supplies she sent in the fall will benefit students and teachers, especially
since they are reusable.

"They needed things that can be used for years and that can be passed from
teacher to teacher," she said.

She said she spent $472 in shipping alone and was not able to send everything
that was on the Talenga's request list.

Drader wants to send another round of supplies and is seeking support from the
community. She hopes to place bins around campus and throughout Pullman with a
list of materials still needed.

She also would like to start a pen-pal program and connect students at Pullman
public schools to those in Uganda, as their official language is English.

The elementary schools in Pullman already take part in a Pen Friend program with
students at the WSU Civic Engagement Center, she said.

"If we can set something similar, I would like to see that happen," she said.

Yesenia Amaro can be reached at (208) 882-5561, ext. 237, or by e-mail at
yamaro@dnews.com

To see more of the Moscow-Pullman Daily News or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://www.dnews.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Moscow-Pullman Daily News,
Moscow, Idaho Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20090303-1MW-SIDEWALK-SERIES-WSU-student-takes-efforts-to-a-global-level-0303

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MW


                                 Copyright 2009


                              479 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                This Day (Lagos)

                                 March 03, 2016

OIIE Disburses Over N50 Million Grants to Tech-Driven Startups

BYLINE: Emma Okonji

LENGTH: 697 words


The Office for ICT Innovation and Entrepreneurship (OIIE), the special purpose
vehicle of Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) has said it has
empowered technology startups with grants and mentorship programmes, worth over
N50 million.

The OIIE also said it gave over N50 million grants to tech-driven startups in
the country in 2015.

National Coordinator of OIIE, Bunmi Okunowo, who disclosed this at the launch of
the maiden edition of StartUP Friday at the OIIE office in Abuja, explained that
OIIE, in its first of many rounds of disbursements, gave the grants to
incubators and accelerators that have proven records of nurturing and producing
startups with growth potential. OIIE is currently expecting the approval of its
2016 budget before it implements 2016 disbursement.

"One of the major challenges facing startups is the seed funding. That early
stage funding that helps the startups to get the idea off ground to prototype,
to working product and commercialisation stage. Seed funding is very scarce in
our society, despite the increased rates of ICT products and services springing
up every now and then. What we are doing is to assist thriving incubators and
accelerators with grants in bankrolling the cost of incubating or accelerating
promising tech-driven startups to successful businesses", he said.

Speaking at the StartUP Friday in Abuja, which hosted over hundred
entrepreneurs, Okunowo informed that the programme was a component of its
StartUP Café, designed to bridge the gap by enriching the development processes
of new tech-driven businesses through "meet-up". The "meet up", he said, would
connect the tech-startup with investors, mentors, technology buyers and
enthusiasts in major tech clusters in Lagos, Abuja, Kaduna and Enugu as well as
Port-Harcourt, Ibadan and Ife.

Explaining the idea behind the programme, he said StartUP Friday remained a
product of the feedback gotten from a study the OIIE conducted in 2015 when it
launched an online application for grants. The results of the poll revealed that
Lagos state has the highest number of startups that applied, while Abuja and
Kaduna came second and third respectively.

"For us, it was surprising that Abuja was second. This brought out so many
questions such as. Where are they? Where do they meet? Where do they go? Is
there a forum where they connect and share resources, experiences and so on? We
began to strategise on how to create a community of startups, an ecosystem where
everyone belongs to just as we have in Lagos. A place where it doesn't matter
what hub or community you belong to, rather where all connect to share and grow.
That's how StartUP Friday came into being," Okunowo added.

According to him, the event, which attracted over hundred entrepreneurs from
various works of life was out of the desire for the OIIE to create an
environment for startups to learn, interact and, re-scale their business.
Through this process, startups would also get to socialize with investors,
technology buyers, and technology enthusiasts.

Speaking at the event, Senior Special Adviser to the President on Job Creation
and Youth Employment under the Office of the Vice President, Afolabi Imoukhuede,
reiterated the focus of the government in catalysing the creation of jobs in
some sectors, which includes ICT, especially tech innovation clusters across the
country.

CEOs of some of the tech-driven startups spoke on their experiences. The founder
of Mamalette, a young ICT-driven business that provides existing and new mothers
with technology-driven access to continuous quality content and network with
those going through similar experiences, Anike Lawal, narrated her experience on
how she kept on pushing against all odds and learning many skills to enable her
company take off. Today she has over 80,000 members on her platform, reaching
200,000 people weekly and managing 1,800 registered forum users on their
platform.

Founder of Health Tech Global Solutions, Dr. Neto Ikpeme, also spoke on how he
started three businesses that he had to stop until he found this current one. He
said, "Rejection from sponsors or buyers should not deter an entrepreneur from
pursuing his passion."

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              480 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request Pages 68403 - 68404
[FR DOC # 2016-23932]

LENGTH: 679  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Utility Service Submission for OMB Review;
Comment Request September 29, 2016. The Department of Agriculture has submitted
the following information collection requirement(s) to Office of Management and
Budget (OMB) for review and clearance under the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995,
Public Law 104-13. Comments are requested regarding (1) whether the collection
of information is necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the
agency, including whether the information will have practical utility; (2) the
accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden including the validity of the
methodology and assumptions used; (3) ways to enhance the quality, utility and
clarity of the information to be collected; (4) ways to minimize the burden of
the collection of information on those who are to respond, including through the
use of appropriate automated, electronic, mechanical, or other technological
collection techniques or other forms of information technology. Comments
regarding this information collection received by November 3, 2016 will be
considered.

Written comments should be addressed to: Desk Officer for Agriculture, Office of
Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management and Budget (OMB), New
Executive Office Building, 725--17th Street NW., Washington, DC 20502.
Commenters are encouraged to submit their comments to OMB via email to:
OIRA_Submission@OMB.EOP.GOV or fax (202) 395-5806 and to Departmental Clearance
Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC 20250- 7602. Copies of the
submission(s) may be obtained by calling (202) 720- 8958. An agency may not
conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless the collection of
information displays a currently valid OMB control number and the agency informs
potential persons who are to respond to the collection of information that such
persons are not required to respond to the collection of information unless it
displays a currently valid OMB control number. Rural Utilities Service Title:
Broadband Grant Program. OMB Control Number: 0572-0127. Summary of Collection:
Congress has recognized the need to facilitate the deployment of broadband
service to un-served rural areas. The provision to broadband transmission
service is vital to the economic development, education, health, and safety of
rural Americans. The Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2004 (Title III, Pub. L.
108- 199, Stat.3), 7 CFR 1739 Subpart A, as amended, authorizes the Rural
Development, Rural Utilities Service (RUS) to administer the Community Connect
Grant Program for the provision of broadband transmission service in rural
America. Grant authority is utilized to deploy broadband infrastructure to
extremely rural, lower income communities on a ``community-oriented
connectivity'' basis. Need and Use of the Information: RUS gives priority to
rural areas that it believes have the greatest need for broadband transmission
services. This broadband access is intended to promote economic development and
provide enhanced educational and health care opportunities. RUS will provide
financial assistance to eligible entities that are proposing to deploy broadband
transmission service in rural communities where such service does not currently
exist and who will connect the critical community facilities including the local
schools, libraries, hospitals, police, fire and rescue services and who will
operate a community center that provides free and open access to residents.
Description of Respondents: Business or other for-profit; Not-for- profit
institutions; State, Local and Tribal Governments. [[Page 68404]] Number of
Respondents: 70. Frequency of Responses: Reporting; On occasion. Total Burden
Hours: 11,380. Charlene Parker, Departmental Information Collection Clearance
Officer. [FR Doc. 2016-23932 Filed 10-3-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-15-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              481 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request Pages 68403 - 68404
[FR DOC # 2016-23932]

LENGTH: 679  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Utility Service Submission for OMB Review;
Comment Request September 29, 2016. The Department of Agriculture has submitted
the following information collection requirement(s) to Office of Management and
Budget (OMB) for review and clearance under the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995,
Public Law 104-13. Comments are requested regarding (1) whether the collection
of information is necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the
agency, including whether the information will have practical utility; (2) the
accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden including the validity of the
methodology and assumptions used; (3) ways to enhance the quality, utility and
clarity of the information to be collected; (4) ways to minimize the burden of
the collection of information on those who are to respond, including through the
use of appropriate automated, electronic, mechanical, or other technological
collection techniques or other forms of information technology. Comments
regarding this information collection received by November 3, 2016 will be
considered.

Written comments should be addressed to: Desk Officer for Agriculture, Office of
Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management and Budget (OMB), New
Executive Office Building, 725--17th Street NW., Washington, DC 20502.
Commenters are encouraged to submit their comments to OMB via email to:
OIRA_Submission@OMB.EOP.GOV or fax (202) 395-5806 and to Departmental Clearance
Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC 20250- 7602. Copies of the
submission(s) may be obtained by calling (202) 720- 8958. An agency may not
conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless the collection of
information displays a currently valid OMB control number and the agency informs
potential persons who are to respond to the collection of information that such
persons are not required to respond to the collection of information unless it
displays a currently valid OMB control number. Rural Utilities Service Title:
Broadband Grant Program. OMB Control Number: 0572-0127. Summary of Collection:
Congress has recognized the need to facilitate the deployment of broadband
service to un-served rural areas. The provision to broadband transmission
service is vital to the economic development, education, health, and safety of
rural Americans. The Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2004 (Title III, Pub. L.
108- 199, Stat.3), 7 CFR 1739 Subpart A, as amended, authorizes the Rural
Development, Rural Utilities Service (RUS) to administer the Community Connect
Grant Program for the provision of broadband transmission service in rural
America. Grant authority is utilized to deploy broadband infrastructure to
extremely rural, lower income communities on a ``community-oriented
connectivity'' basis. Need and Use of the Information: RUS gives priority to
rural areas that it believes have the greatest need for broadband transmission
services. This broadband access is intended to promote economic development and
provide enhanced educational and health care opportunities. RUS will provide
financial assistance to eligible entities that are proposing to deploy broadband
transmission service in rural communities where such service does not currently
exist and who will connect the critical community facilities including the local
schools, libraries, hospitals, police, fire and rescue services and who will
operate a community center that provides free and open access to residents.
Description of Respondents: Business or other for-profit; Not-for- profit
institutions; State, Local and Tribal Governments. [[Page 68404]] Number of
Respondents: 70. Frequency of Responses: Reporting; On occasion. Total Burden
Hours: 11,380. Charlene Parker, Departmental Information Collection Clearance
Officer. [FR Doc. 2016-23932 Filed 10-3-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-15-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              482 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request Pages 68403 - 68404
[FR DOC # 2016-23932]

LENGTH: 679  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



 DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Utility Service Submission for OMB Review;
Comment Request September 29, 2016. The Department of Agriculture has submitted
the following information collection requirement(s) to Office of Management and
Budget (OMB) for review and clearance under the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995,
Public Law 104-13. Comments are requested regarding (1) whether the collection
of information is necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the
agency, including whether the information will have practical utility; (2) the
accuracy of the agency's estimate of burden including the validity of the
methodology and assumptions used; (3) ways to enhance the quality, utility and
clarity of the information to be collected; (4) ways to minimize the burden of
the collection of information on those who are to respond, including through the
use of appropriate automated, electronic, mechanical, or other technological
collection techniques or other forms of information technology. Comments
regarding this information collection received by November 3, 2016 will be
considered.

Written comments should be addressed to: Desk Officer for Agriculture, Office of
Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management and Budget (OMB), New
Executive Office Building, 725--17th Street NW., Washington, DC 20502.
Commenters are encouraged to submit their comments to OMB via email to:
OIRA_Submission@OMB.EOP.GOV or fax (202) 395-5806 and to Departmental Clearance
Office, USDA, OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC 20250- 7602. Copies of the
submission(s) may be obtained by calling (202) 720- 8958. An agency may not
conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless the collection of
information displays a currently valid OMB control number and the agency informs
potential persons who are to respond to the collection of information that such
persons are not required to respond to the collection of information unless it
displays a currently valid OMB control number. Rural Utilities Service Title:
Broadband Grant Program. OMB Control Number: 0572-0127. Summary of Collection:
Congress has recognized the need to facilitate the deployment of broadband
service to un-served rural areas. The provision to broadband transmission
service is vital to the economic development, education, health, and safety of
rural Americans. The Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2004 (Title III, Pub. L.
108- 199, Stat.3), 7 CFR 1739 Subpart A, as amended, authorizes the Rural
Development, Rural Utilities Service (RUS) to administer the Community Connect
Grant Program for the provision of broadband transmission service in rural
America. Grant authority is utilized to deploy broadband infrastructure to
extremely rural, lower income communities on a ``community-oriented
connectivity'' basis. Need and Use of the Information: RUS gives priority to
rural areas that it believes have the greatest need for broadband transmission
services. This broadband access is intended to promote economic development and
provide enhanced educational and health care opportunities. RUS will provide
financial assistance to eligible entities that are proposing to deploy broadband
transmission service in rural communities where such service does not currently
exist and who will connect the critical community facilities including the local
schools, libraries, hospitals, police, fire and rescue services and who will
operate a community center that provides free and open access to residents.
Description of Respondents: Business or other for-profit; Not-for- profit
institutions; State, Local and Tribal Governments. [[Page 68404]] Number of
Respondents: 70. Frequency of Responses: Reporting; On occasion. Total Burden
Hours: 11,380. Charlene Parker, Departmental Information Collection Clearance
Officer. [FR Doc. 2016-23932 Filed 10-3-16; 8:45 am] BILLING CODE 3410-15-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              483 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                             July 18, 2013 Thursday
                                 SOONER EDITION

PHIPPS TO CONNECT PITTSBURGH AND NIGERIAN YOUTHS

BYLINE: Kitoko Chargois, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: FOOD; Pg. E-5

LENGTH: 515 words


Food transcends all barriers, so what better way to educate and connect students
from two countries?

This August, Phipps Conservatory will partner with Gidan Makama Museum Kano in
Nigeria to link 15 students each from Pittsburgh and Nigeria for a yearlong
project that will explore food and culture.

"Especially on an international level when maybe there's a large language
barrier or cultural barrier, food is always one of the great connectors because
you can make comparisons to what you eat here and what else people eat there,
different ingredients that are included in all sorts of recipes and definitely
people are always just so interested in types of food around the world," said
Jordyn Melino, exhibits coordinator at Phipps.

The two museums will work monthly to trace food from its beginnings at a local
farm to when it reaches the table. Students, ages 16 to 18, will grow and
harvest food, see how it is used in recipes and hold cooking workshops to create
their own recipes. They also will work with family members or other community
elders to infuse tradition into their creations.

Each group will collect recipes from their country and put them together in a
handmade book that they will mail to the other group at the end of the program.
Ms. Melino is interested in seeing the Nigerian recipes and hopes the Nigerian
students will get a sense of the United States' melting-pot culture.

"We get a lot of students that are all different nationalities... so we'd like
to see traditional recipes in their families' homes or recipes that they're
familiar with," she said. "These will all be translated to the team in Nigeria
so they'll see, 'OK, the U.S. has all of these recipes from all of these
different cultures.' "

The students will touch base every month through videos, photographs and emails
until next spring, when the Nigerian students will come to Pittsburgh for a
visit.

The Pittsburgh museum is recruiting students for the project and reaching out to
community organizations that share the goal of healthy food and cooking. Ms.
Melino said they are hoping to include the results of the project in the
museum's upcoming tropical-forest exhibit focusing on a region in Africa.

The project is made possible through the Museums Connect grant, an initiative of
the American Alliance of Museums and the U.S. Department of State's Bureau of
Education and Cultural Affairs..

In its sixth year, Museums Connect has partnered American museums in 23 states
with museums in more than 40 countries including Senegal, Denmark, Peru and Hong
Kong to bring people together on diverse projects of their choosing. This year
11 projects were awarded the grant.

"We are thrilled to receive this generous grant from Museums Connect and have
the opportunity not only to explore critical connections between the foods we
eat and personal health and wellbeing, but also to build a bridge between two
seemingly different worlds to show, through cultural culinary comparisons, how
we are all connected on a very basic level," said Phipp's executive director,
Richard V. Piacentini, in a press release.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Kitoko Chargois: kchargois@post-gazette.com or 412-263-1088./

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              484 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                                  Business Day

                             March 8, 2016 Tuesday

OIIE disburses N50 million in grants

LENGTH: 660  words


The Office for ICT Innovation and Entrepreneurship (OIIE), a subsidiary of
National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) has disbursed over
N50 million grants to technology-driven startups in the country in 2015.

National Coordinator of OIIE, Bunmi Okunowo, made this disclosure at the launch
of the maiden edition of StartUP Friday at the OIIE office in Abuja at the
weekend.

He explained that OIIE, in its first of many rounds of disbursements, gave the
grants to incubators and accelerators that have proven records of nurturing and
producing startups with growth potential. OIIE is currently expecting the
approval of its 2016 budget before it implements 2016 disbursement.

'One of the major challenges facing startups is the seed funding. That early
stage funding that helps the startups to get the idea off ground to prototype,
to working product and commercialisation stage. Seed funding is very scarce in
our society, despite the increased rates of ICT products and services springing
up every now and then. What we are doing is to assist thriving incubators and
accelerators with grants in bankrolling the cost of incubating or accelerating
promising tech-driven startups to successful businesses', he said.

Speaking to over 100 entrepreneurs from Abuja, Okunowo informed that the
programme was a component of its StartUP Café designed to bridge the gap by
enriching the development processes of new tech-driven businesses through
'meet-up'.

The 'meet up', he said, would connect the tech-startup with investors, mentors,
technology buyers and enthusiasts in major tech clusters in Lagos, Abuja, Kaduna
and Enugu as well as Port-Harcourt, Ibadan and Ife.

Explaining the idea behind the programme, he said StartUP Friday was a product
of the feedback gotten from a study the OIIE conducted in 2015 when it launched
an online application for grants. The results of the poll revealed that Lagos
state has the highest number of startups that applied, while Abuja and Kaduna
came second and third respectively.

'For us, it was surprising that Abuja was second. This brought out so many
questions such as.

Where are they? Where do they meet? Where do they go? Is there a forum where
they connect and share resources, experiences and so on? We began to strategise
on how to create a community of startups, an ecosystem where everyone belongs to
just as we have in Lagos. A place where it doesn't matter what hub or community
you belong to, rather where all connect to share and grow. That's how StartUP
Friday came into being', he added.

According to him, the desire for the OIIE is to create an environment for
startups to learn, interact and, re-scale their business. Through this process,
startups would also get to socialize with investors, technology buyers, and
technology enthusiasts.

Speaking at the event, Senior Special Adviser to the President on Job Creation
and Youth Employment under the Office of the Vice President, Afolabi Imoukhuede,
reiterated the focus of the government in catalyzing the creation of jobs in
some sectors, which includes ICT, especially tech innovation clusters across the
country.

Chief Executive Officers of some of the tech-driven startups spoke on their
experiences. The founder of Mamalette, a young ICT-driven business that provides
existing and new mothers with technology-driven access to continuous quality
content and network with those going through similar experiences, Anike Lawal,
narrated her experience on how she kept on pushing against all odds and learning
many skills to enable her company take off. Today she has over 80,000 members on
her platform, reaching 200,000 people weekly and managing 1,800 registered forum
users on their platform.

Founder of Health Tech Global Solutions, Dr. Neto Ikpeme, also spoke on how he
started three businesses that he had to stop until he found this current one. He
said, 'Rejection from sponsors or buyers should not deter an entrepreneur from
pursuing his passion'.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Business Day
                              All Rights Reserved


                              485 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                 The Free Lance-Star (Fredericksburg, Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 26, 2013 Sunday

Online course connects to grants

BYLINE: Lindley Estes, The Free Lance-Star, Fredericksburg, Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 539 words


May 26--"Why don't you spend a couple of weeks this summer giving Doris
Buffett's money away to your community," said Alex Buffett Rozek, Buffett's
grandson and president of her LearningbyGivingFoundation.

A Massive Online Open Course (MOOC) called GivingWithPurpose created by the
foundation and starting in June will make providing funding for nonprofits a
reality for anyone who chooses to participate.

The course is free and offered everyone in the U.S. as an opportunity to make
real grants using the foundation's money. Pre-registration is now open on
LearningbyGivingFoundation's website.

Rozek wanted to begin the course to distribute the foundation's funds to as many
localities as possible. After learning about online courses offered by colleges
such as Stanford and Harvard he wanted to include the philanthropy courses
already provided at universities by the foundation in the online-learning
movement.

Currently the Learning by Giving Foundation has 30 classes at universities
across the county dedicated to philanthropy, including one at the University of
Mary Washington.

This online course opens these classes up to an unlimited number of students.

The course is composed of six classes and takes three to four weeks to complete.

The classes provide tools and strategies to help course participants invest
their charitable dollars effectively. Accompanying lessons are interviews with
guest speakers including Warren Buffett, Doris Buffett, Cal Ripken Jr., Soledad
O'Brien, Ben Cohen and Jerry Greenfield.

The course is authored and taught exclusively for the LearningbyGivingFoundation
by Rebecca Riccio, the program director of the Northeastern University
philanthropy program.

GivingWithPurpose was developed on CourseBuilder, an open-source project led by
Google.

Course Builder was put in motion as Google's contribution to the area of open
education so that others may build MOOCs.

After completion, students are given a certificate and create grant proposals.

Those proposals are then ranked by other students in order of need and then
considered by the foundation.

Rozek said people can take the class individually or as teams. Teams of 25 to
100 students will receive dedicated group funding for their grant separate from
the other grant funding pool.

Rozek said that many nonprofit organizations do not have the money to funnel
into researching grants.

"They can get grants using these students for free," he said. "The class is a
way to give students the resources they need and then give them the money."

He said that learning about philanthropy is important since students will be
able to thoughtfully break down a grant.

"Personally, I think there are a host of needs that every community has that are
less funded by government but need funding," he said. "The funding has to come
from donations and grants like these to support important resources in a
community."

Lindley Estes: 540/735-1976

lestes@freelancestar.com

WANT TO JOIN?

Go to www.learningbygivingfoundation.org to preregister for the
LearningbyGivingFoundation's online philanthropy course.

___ (c)2013 The Free Lance-Star (Fredericksburg, Va.) Visit The Free Lance-Star
(Fredericksburg, Va.) at www.fredericksburg.com/flshome Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130526-FB-Online-course-connects-to-grants-0526-20130526

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FB


                       Copyright 2013 The Free Lance-Star


                              486 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Victor Harbor Times

                           February 16, 2012 Thursday

Strong call for a youth area in Yank

SECTION: EARLY GENERAL NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 538 words


---By JULIA BECKETT

YANKALILLA DISTRICT - Young people in the Yankalilla region have become
'disenfranchised' by a lack of their own dedicated space, according to a former
district councillor.

Andrew Gebhardt made a presentation at the January council meeting, asking for
action on building a 'youth shed' as an annexe to the Youth and Community Centre
in Yankalilla.

He said that until The Centre was built young people had 'The Edge', a shed that
served for many years as their space for messy projects and just hanging out.

Government grants to build The Centre required that it be for the whole
community, not just for young people.

"They cannot have their posters and material on the walls because it needs to be
dismantled for the next lot of users at The Centre.

"There is also a lack of space to store equipment for sport, hobbies, recreation
and games."

Mr Gebhardt spoke passionately of the need to cater for the youth of today, who
will be the citizens of tomorrow.

"Some of the youth from all communities are disadvantaged - from dysfunctional
homes and with other impediments - ours is no exception."

He said there were many potential distractions such as drugs, cyber bullying and
antisocial behaviour such as graffiti.

"All these tendencies are exacerbated by a lack of interesting opportunities and
guidance."

He said late in 2010 there had been a plan to build a shed with funding from the
Lions organisation and a government Youth Connect program.

It would have required only a modest contribution from council to make it
happen, but had to wait until after the council elections.

Mr Gebhardt said he had planned to address council last February, but had been
asked by former mayor Paul Newman to wait until council's strategic plan was
finished.

"It is now 14 months later and absolutely nothing has been done," he said,
expressing his disappointment that the shed plan had since lapsed and the grant
funding was no longer available.

Mr Gebhardt was the chairman of council's community reference group for The
Centre until the newly elected council dispensed with such groups.

He said the Yankalilla Youth Advisory Committee representatives had consistently
had The Shed as their top priority.

"Please would the elected members take the necessary steps to ensure a new
proposal be developed for this effective and worthwhile project and that The
Shed is built and functioning as soon as possible.

"This will make right the wrong, ...and replace the facility that was
inadvertently taken away from the youth of Yankalilla."

Yankalilla council chief executive Roger Sweetman said there was a Youth Connect
grant that was possible for this type of project.

"Council applied for this grant in 2011 but was unsuccessful."

He said the application may have more chance of success if linked in with the
Yankalilla Area School's Target Works program, which assists students to gain
training in the building and construction industry.

"Funding for 2012 is available but the timeline is very short."

Mr Sweetman said council would be better placed to apply for 2013 and have its
half of the funding, estimated at $15-20,000, confirmed before applying.

He said a proposal would be included in council's budget planning for the
2012-13 financial year.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2012 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              487 of 998 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             May 27, 2015 Wednesday

Sampson County getting Kansas City Sausage plant with 177 jobs

BYLINE: Amanda Dolasinski, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 741 words


May 27--CLINTON -- Cumberland County officials have helped Kansas City Sausage
LLC partner with swine powerhouse Smithfield Foods Inc. to open a sausage
production plant that will create 177 jobs in Sampson County, officials
announced Tuesday.

Kansas City Sausage, headquartered in Kansas City, Missouri, plans to develop a
90,000-square-foot production plant at the site of the former Martin's Abattoir
& Wholesale Meats in northwest Sampson County. The plant, which will include
operations from slaughtering through the finished product, will process between
700 and 1,000 hogs per day.

The plant was made possible with help from officials in Cumberland County, said
John Swope, executive director of the Sampson County Economic Development
Commission.

Cumberland County was vital in fostering discussions to connect the plant to a
sewer system it will require for its operations, he said.

"We're very, very pleased," Swope said. "The impact it will have will be very
strong."

Construction on the plant is expected to begin immediately and should be
completed by June 2016.

In its first year, the sausage company has committed to creating 164 jobs, with
the others to follow. The average annual wage will be $31,905.

The project is a joint venture between two established companies, Swope said.

Kansas City Sausage has operations in Kansas City, Missouri, and Des Moines,
Iowa. Smithfield Foods, the country's largest hog producer, already has plants
in Clinton and Bladen County.

The project represents a taxable investment of $44.8million by the partnership
between the sausage company and Smithfield, Swope said. The partnership
capitalizes on the strengthens of each company, he said.

Earlier this year, the Facilities Committee of the Cumberland County Board of
Commissioners directed county staff to work with Sampson County, the sausage
company and the Fayetteville Public Works Commission to negotiate ways to
connect the now-closed Martin's Abattoir & Wholesale Meats into the North
Cumberland Regional Sewer System, which serves Falcon, Godwin and Wade.

That plant closed in 2013 when it became harder to procure a reliable,
consistent supply of cattle to the facility. Before the plant closed, 72 of its
185 employees were Cumberland County residents, second only to the 77 who lived
in Sampson County.

The sausage company selected the site in Sampson County over others in Des
Moines and Kansas City, Missouri, Swope said.

Earlier this year, Jeffrey Brown, Cumberland County's director of engineering
and infrastructure, told commissioners the plant uses a spray field wastewater
treatment system, but the expansion would require an expanded spray field.

Environmental conditions and regulatory requirements make it more feasible for
the plant to connect into the Northern Cumberland County Regional Sewer
Authority system, he said. The plant is near U.S. 13 and Martin Road near the
Cumberland County line.

The plant will connect into the sewer system at a Falcon lift station, Swope
said. The pipeline extension is 14,700 linear feet of sewer infrastructure, he
said.

Construction of the pumping station and pipeline will cost about $1.2million and
will be funded mostly by grants from the state, Swope said.

The North Carolina Rural Infrastructure Authority awarded the county a grant
worth $500,000 under its Economic Infrastructure Program, and a second grant
worth $500,000 under its Community Development Block Grant-Economic Development
program.

"We're very excited in Sampson County that through the efforts with Cumberland
County that 177 jobs are going to be created for people that may have lost jobs
or are looking for more substantial employment," Swope said. "We're grateful to
the company and everyone working together to make this a successful reality."

Billy C. Lockamy, chairman of the Sampson County Board of Commissioners, said
the project is an ideal example of how communities and government agencies can
work together for mutual benefits.

"Our partnerships with neighboring counties and organizations, and the state of
North Carolina's grant dollars, will allow us to capitalize on that opportunity
and bring much needed jobs and tax base to our community," he said.

Staff writer Amanda Dolasinski can be reached at dolasinskia@fayobserver.com or
486-3528.

___ (c)2015 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150527-FY-Sampson-County-getting-Kansas-City-Sausage-plant-with-177-jobs-0527-
20150527

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2015 The Fayetteville Observer


                              488 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                           Herald & Review (Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 7, 2006 Thursday

First Call for Help connects people with services

BYLINE: Alicia Spates, Herald & Review, Decatur, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 420 words


Dec. 7--DECATUR -- Food pantries are keeping stocked after the winter storm with
a lot of help from the community.

"People are stepping up with donations," said Jill Applebee, director of First
Call for Help. "I think we're in good shape. The community is doing a great job
pulling together."

First Call for Help is an organization that connects individuals to the help
they need, including food pantries, clothing and financial assistance.

Home repairs are hard to find, especially now, Applebee said. She suggested
contacting the city's Emergency Grant Program, which provides low- to
moderate-income households with help on emergency electrical issues.

Applebee said First Call for Help has been so busy after the storm that they are
currently taking calls 24-hours until further notice.

"We're taking one need at a time," she said. "Everyone's situation is
different."

Jerry Pelz, director of Northeast Community Fund, said, "The (food) donations
have been quite good, but the need has been good, too."

Pelz said, before, not many people were showing up to the facility; he thinks
people were having a hard time getting to the place due to the weather.

"I think we'll see an increase in need now," he said, noting the slightly warmer
weather. He said they were becoming busy as of Wednesday afternoon.

"People have lost a lot of food. Hopefully, what we have is going to be enough
to get us through," he said.

Aside from food, the organization plans to provide furniture to an individual
whose roof collapsed, as well as clothing to folks who need them.

Good Samaritan Inn has also seen more food donations, but not as many people as
expected to use the facility.

"A lot of folks couldn't get out like they usually do," said Fred Hill, one of
the volunteer organizers at the inn. He said a lot of the people who come to the
inn walk there.

"We've received a lot of donations coming in," he said. He mentioned Kroger,
Decatur Memorial Hospital, Saint Mary's Hospital and individuals who have
donated food recently.

"Every day someone is constantly bringing in something," he said. "Most people
are in the spirit of giving during the holiday season."

Alicia Spates can be reached at aspates@herald-review.com or 421-6986.

Copyright (c) 2006, Herald & Review, Decatur, Ill. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20061207-HV-1207-First-Call-for-Help-connects-people-with-services

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HV


                         Copyright 2006 Herald & Review


                              489 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 22, 2016 Saturday

Associated School Boards of South Dakota

LENGTH: 241  words

DATELINE: New York



 Pierre: School Boards of South Dakota has issued the following news release:



 The Department of Education is now accepting applications for the 2017
Workforce Education Grants, which offer districts a chance to make
transformative changes in their career and technical education programs.





 Resources for the 2017 Workforce Education Grants are available on the
Department of Education website and, in addition, DOE CTE staff will hold
conference calls to connect with educators, answer questions about the grants
and discuss project ideas on:



     Wednesday, Nov. 2, 12:30 - 1:30 p.m. CDT

         Connect via Skype or call 1-866-410-8397 (conference code: 7708795296)

     Friday, Nov. 18, 9:30 - 11 a.m. CST

         Connect via Skype or call 1-866-410-8397 (conference code: 7708795296)



 In 2017, up to $2.5 million in grants will be awarded.



 ctelogo



 The Workforce Education Grants require a one-to-one match, meaning the full
amount requested from the state grant funds must be matched in an equal amount
from non-state grant funds, and the match may come from in-kind and/or monetary
contributions by the LEA, community contributors, or business and industry
partners.



 Grant applications are due by Monday, November 21 and awards will be announced
by December 21, with projects provided the ability to begin in January 2017.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              490 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                            October 31, 2006 Tuesday
                                Marshall Edition

Briefs

BYLINE: Staff Reports

SECTION: COMMUNITY; Pg. E2

LENGTH: 512 words


PLYMOUTH

Crossroads offering computer classes

Crossroads Academy is taking registration for three more computer classes.

Microsoft Basic Excel 2003 from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. Friday The fee is $100.

Microsoft Word 2003 from 8:30 to 11:30 a.m. Nov. 6 and 8. The fee is $100.

QuickBooks class from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Dec. 9. The fee will be $100 and
should be prepaid to Crossroads Academy, 1800 Jim Neu Drive, Plymouth IN 46563.

For information or to register, call Crossroads at (574) 936-8834, ext. 101.

WINAMAC

Group receives grant for bike route signs

The Friends of the Panhandle Pathway recently received a national honor
accompanied by a grant from the Kodak American Greenways Awards Program.

The $1,000 grant was applied for through the Indiana Trails Fund and will pay
for road signs to direct a bike route from Winamac to Monterey on local roads.

In addition to receiving the grant award, Friends of the Panhandle Pathway will
be showcased as a national model for its innovative efforts to develop a
greenway in Pulaski County.

The Kodak American Greenways Awards are administered by The Conservation Fund, a
recognized leader in working with local communities to expand the nation's
network of linked open spaces.

They provide seed grants of up to $2,500 to nonprofit organizations and
government agencies to help develop new greenway projects.

The bike route from Winamac to Monterey will provide a scenic tour along the
Tippecanoe River and Pulaski County countryside and will connect two existing
Rails to Trails routes, one from Winamac to Logansport, and the other from
Monterey to North Judson.

The new signs marking the 10-mile bike route are planned to be installed by the
end of this winter, and will be one of four bike routes to radiate from the
Monterey Depot.

The town of Monterey will serve as a center hub for bike route connections in
Northwest Indiana, joining paths east toward Rochester, north toward Culver,
west toward North Judson and south toward Winamac.

Each route connects to another bike route, creating a web of bike paths across
much of Northern Indiana.

KNOX

Registration to begin for energy assistance

The Community Services of Starke County will begin taking energy assistance
applications.

The elderly and disabled households that received assistance last year have been
mailed packets with forms requesting necessary information and documentation.

At-risk households may submit applications starting Wednesday Those under age 60
who meet income guidelines may apply beginning Nov. 20.

Households will receive a one-time energy benefit if determined eligible.

Applications will be taken at the Community Services of Starke County Office,
311 E. Culver Road, Knox, from 8 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. Monday through Friday.

On Nov. 29 only, applications will be taken at the North Judson Senior Center,
105 E Talmer Ave., North Judson from 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. for elderly and disabled
households.

On Dec. 7 from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. at Community Health Center, Highway 421, San
Pierre, applications will be taken for any eligible household.

For information, call (219) 772-9036.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              491 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                            The Keene Sentinel, N.H.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 14, 2012 Saturday

Internet project speeds up

BYLINE: Kaitlin Mulhere, The Keene Sentinel, N.H.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 666 words


July 14--A project to bring high-speed Internet connections to rural homes and
businesses in the western part of the state is moving along.

Keene-based New Hampshire FastRoads announced this week it has secured $2.2
million of matching funds to move forward with its Internet broadband
infrastructure project.

And FastRoads will complete the first phase of the project -- building a network
in the Upper Valley from Orford to Enfield -- by late fall.

FastRoads is a collaboration of the N.H. Community Development Finance
Authority, the Monadnock Economic Development Corp., and more than 30
communities in the Monadnock and Upper Valley region.

The FastRoads project will cost about $7.7 million. Nearly $5.5 million will be
paid for through a federally funded grant from the Broadband Technology
Opportunities Program.

That grant required that N.H. FastRoads match 30 percent of the project's cost.

Of the $2.2 million raised by N.H. FastRoads, $1.25 million came from a loan
from a partnership of seven community banks.

"It's interesting to see that the community banks stepped up to the plate
because they really can see what this will do for their community, their region
(and) their clients," said Carole D. Monroe, director of N.H. FastRoads.

The project's timeline was pushed back a couple months partly due to time spent
looking for financial support, Monroe said.

Since the broadband project is new and unlike most projects that banks back,
finding the necessary matching money required some education and a lot of
communication, Monroe said.

FastRoads will develop a "middle mile" network by bringing fiber-optic cable to
220 community anchor institutions, which will include schools, hospitals and
municipal buildings down the western side of the state.

FastRoads will not connect individual customers to the Internet through the
"middle mile" network. Instead, the company will build an open-source system,
then partner with multiple Internet providers to offer services to individuals.

Monroe said what most businesses need is more bandwidth for a reasonable price.

"When you bring real competition to a market, what you're going to see is prices
go down," Monroe said.

The project also will build two "last mile" networks in which it will connect
about 1,300 homes and businesses to high speed Internet in designated
underserved areas of Rindge and Enfield.

After the first phase of the project in the northwestern part of the state,
FastRoads will bring the network south through Keene, Swanzey, Fitzwilliam,
Richmond and Rindge. That phase is scheduled to be finished in March.

Monroe said much of these areas have few options when it comes to Internet
connectivity. Yet by bringing faster speeds, these towns can attract further
economic development and improve schools, hospitals and libraries.

The third phase, building infrastructure between Enfield to Lempster, will be
finished by June 2013, which is the deadline set by the federal agency
overseeing the grant projects.

FastRoads is part of Network New Hampshire Now, a group led by the University
System of New Hampshire, that received a combined $44.5 million grant through
the Broadband Technology Opportunities Program to bring better Internet
connectivity to all ten counties in the state.

The Department of Commerce's National Telecommunications & Information
Administration, which oversees the broadband program, received $4.7 billion of
stimulus money in 2009 to, among other things, expand broadband infrastructure
and service throughout the country.

Other broadband infrastructure grants in surrounding states include $25 million
to build a fiber-optic network in Maine, more than $75 million for "middle mile"
projects in Massachusetts and $33 million to the Vermont Telecommunications
Authority.

Kaitlin Mulhere can be reached at 352-1234, extension 1439, or
kmulhere@keenesentinel.com

___ (c)2012 The Keene Sentinel (Keene, N.H.) Visit The Keene Sentinel (Keene,
N.H.) at www.sentinelsource.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120714-KN-HLT-Internet-project-speeds-up-0714-20120714

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KN


                                 Copyright 2012


                              492 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                          The Hutchinson News (Kansas)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 27, 2016 Sunday

Progress: Nickerson works to create a more thriving community with community
center, future walking path

BYLINE: Ashley Booker, The Hutchinson News, Kan.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 656 words


March 27--NICKERSON -- The city of Nickerson is working to create a more
thriving community with access to a new Community Center and the future creation
of a community walking path.

The center was finished last fall with the help of a grant and a 1 percent sales
tax. It has a large community room, a kitchen and a rec room with four workout
machines, a pool table and a TV. The entire facility is available to rent out
for desired events or parties, according to Mayor Jim Gladden.

Every week, a breakfast is served from 7:30 to 9 a.m. Monday and a potluck
supper is offered on Tuesdays at 6 p.m.

Since opening, said Gladden, the center has been very well used by individuals
and groups. Luckily, the sales tax garnered extra funds, but the money could
only be used for certain projects which sparked the creativity of community
members.

In an effort to improve the town's walkability, community officials are coming
together to connect its recent 3/8th-of-a-mile waking path, called the Attitude
Behavior Learning Effort trail, or ABLE trail for short, at Nickerson Elementary
School, down Main Street to a new community walking path around the city park.

"It makes it a very walkable community," said Amber Rohling, who worked with
D'ana Heinlein on writing the Sunflower Foundation grant that made the school
path possible. Rohling is volunteering her efforts to help write the
foundation's community-based trail grant of up to $55,000 -- with matching funds
at $110,000 -- for the city.

If accepted, these dollars, along with leftover dollars from the sales tax
increase, will help fund the project at the park, which has yet to be created.
Gladden said the city will have to come up with funds for the sidewalk
connecting the two walking paths because the sales tax dollars are only to be
used on or around the park.

Rohling, the school's food service secretary, approached the City Council about
the new path. During one meeting, she indicated that not only did students use
the school's trail, but that other people from the community also were using it.

Rohling noted that at one of two yearly events, the students walked 528 miles
around the trail in one day. And while this was impressive, the students use it
daily -- both during and after class.

Many sidewalks in Nickerson are broken, according to Rohling, and there are
several dirt roads, which makes walking in town difficult. She said she believes
the new path and the area that connects them will be beneficial to the
community.

"I think it's going to just help create a more thriving community," she said,
adding that the high school, elementary school, post office and several other
businesses are along the town's thoroughfare.

It's a long-term investment with minimal maintenance, Rohling said. Before the
school's walking trail, people would have to drive 15 miles to be active
outdoors, and that certainly won't be an issue when the project in the park is
complete.

The school has also been given small grants to build outdoor workout stations
that are big enough for older elementary school children or adults. While a
rowing machine is already installed, there are plans to install a hip twister ab
station and a back extension machine, she said.

"It's kind of been very surreal, the fact that this project started three years
ago and honestly seemed somewhat unattainable at that time," Rohling said.

Now, she finds herself watching the children and community members enjoy the
trail, which was made possible by hard work, community support and staying
focused about the school's healthy-eating, active-living initiative.

Hopefully soon she'll be able to take her own children down the smooth path and
see the same pride in the faces of those walking at the school's trail along
Main Street and down by the park.

___ (c)2016 The Hutchinson News (Hutchinson, Kan.) Visit The Hutchinson News
(Hutchinson, Kan.) at www.hutchnews.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160327-VZ-Progress-Nickerson-works-to-create-a-more-thriving-
community-with-community-center-future-walking-path-0327-20160327

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VZ


                       Copyright 2016 The Hutchinson News


                              493 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                        Tribune-Review (Greensburg, PA)

                          November 19, 2014 Wednesday

Grants propel walking, biking trail proposal

BYLINE: by GREG REINBOLD

LENGTH: 755 words


A proposed walking and biking trail between New Alexandria and Keystone State
Park and the final additions to the Loyalhanna Watershed Association's Watershed
Farm project are gaining momentum and financial backing.

Derry Township has been awarded $107,100 from the state's Greenways, Trails and
Recreation Program to develop the 3-mile trail. Township supervisors in May
voted to apply for another grant, from the state's Department of Conservation
and Natural Resources, seeking $28,000 for planning and design of the
recreational path.

In addition, $89,760 in Greenways grant funding was awarded to the Loyalhanna
association to acquire more than two acres of land for a walking trail on the
western edge of the former McConnaughey family farm in Ligonier Township.

The inclusion of walking trails in both projects is no coincidence, said Susan
Huba, the association's executive director.

"People are very interested in trails," she said. "They've become a really big
focus in this region, and it's nice to be able to continue working toward these
interconnections everywhere, so people really have a nice resource they can use
that's easy to get to for recreation.

Pennsylvania Environmental Council spokesman Brad Clemenson said the DCNR grant
application for planning and design was not awarded funding initially because
the project lacked the required matching funds in hand. With the Greenways grant
secured, Clemenson said he hopes the DCNR grant will follow.

"I'm fairly hopeful that we'll succeed in getting this additional funding
because we've worked this project as a high priority for the Laurel Highlands
Conservation Landscape, which is a DCNR program," Clemenson said. "If we can
complete this trail, it will do exactly what the Conservation Landscapes work to
do. It will connect a community, in this case New Alexandria Borough and part of
Derry Township, with a recreational resource, in this case Keystone State Park
and Army Corps land adjacent to Loyalhanna Creek."

Clemenson has noted that the Derry Area Revitalization Corp., the Loyalhanna
association and Laurel Highlands Conservation Landscape are all supportive of
the project, which he hopes will "foster economic and community development by
connecting communities to outdoor recreational amenities."

"If we can connect a community like New Alex to a resource like Keystone State
Park, it really helps the community," Clemenson said. "It helps the businesses
in town. It's an economic-development tool by connecting resources like that."

"It's moving forward. It's a good start," Derry township supervisors chairman
Vince DeCario said of the Greenways grant. "We didn't have a problem being the (
grant) applicant. We're definitely for something like that."

Clemenson said the association conducted a feasibility study in 2008 exploring a
potential trail connecting New Alexandria, Keystone State Park and Latrobe. The
feasibility plan suggested the 11-mile trail be separated into six segments,
with the roughly 3 miles from New Alexandria to Keystone representing Segments 5
and 6.

The expected costs associated with building a bridge to carry the trail over
Loyalhanna Creek put the project on hold, Huba said, until Clemenson began
seeking grant funding for the New Alexandria to Keystone segments.

"That's why it kind of has been sitting, because the cost of the bridge to get
across (the Loyalhanna Creek) was astronomical at that point. Brad kind of took
this off the shelf and thought, "[#x2dc]Let's try to get part of this done,' and
that's what he really pushed to do with the grant he submitted," Huba said. "I
think the idea was to kind of get something moving, get some excitement going
with the hopes that maybe we can revisit the middle part and get some help from
the public wanting this trail to be there."

The association will use its Greenways grant funding to complete the final
stages of its Watershed Farm project just west of Ligonier Borough.

"This grant will specifically fund the purchase of an adjacent parcel of land to
our existing building in Ligonier, the removal of old infrastructure on
properties we own and establishing a Watershed Loop walking trail that will tie
in with the Ligonier Valley trail," Huba said. "Our trail is a nice component
because it actually loops around a restored wetland area, so there's a great
chance for observing nature and seeing some wildlife there right in Ligonier."

Greg Reinbold is a staff writer for Trib Total Media. He can be reached at
724-459-6100, ext. 2913, or greinbold@tribweb.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              494 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                      December 2, 2013 Monday 6:30 AM EST

StartUp Health Receives Two Year Grant from Robert Wood Johnson Foundation to
Accelerate Health Innovation in Underserved Communities

LENGTH: 316  words


New Delhi, Dec. 2 -- StartUp Health, a global startup platform accelerating
digital health and wellness innovation, has received a $500,000 grant from the
Robert Wood Johnson Foundation (RWJF) to educate healthcare startups and improve
health and wellness in underserved communities.



The StartUp Health Education Program for Entrepreneurs will launch in stages
over the next two years, and provide a scalable platform that will help educate
thousands of emerging health technology entrepreneurs on how to accelerate and
scale their businesses by focusing on markets that often don't have early access
to new healthcare technologies. The long-term initiative will create free
resources for startups such as an online curriculum, educational tools and an
expert network, and will make it easier for digital health entrepreneurs to
develop pilot programs in these underserved communities and build products and
services to meet the unique needs of these communities.

"The Robert Wood Johnson Foundation has made it possible for StartUp Health to
create a scalable program to educate a generation of health innovators about
opportunities in underserved communities," said Unity Stoakes, President and
co-founder of StartUp Health. "This partnership comes at a critical moment,
because the new solutions being created over the coming years must address the
needs of these communities in order to truly transform healthcare. Together we
will lay a sustainable foundation that will better connect entrepreneurs and
underserved markets, and speed up the cycle of innovation."

"StartUp Health will bring innovation to the providers and patients who are too
often overlooked in product and customer development strategies," said Paul
Tarini, Senior Program Officer at the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation. "This
program will create a roadmap for how health entrepreneurs can connect with
underserved communities."

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              495 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                            February 26, 2016 Friday

LHS, Monty Tech, Nashoba Tech share work-training grants

BYLINE: Sentinel & Enterprise

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 475 words


BOSTON -- Leominster High School, Monty Tech and Nashoba Tech are among 35 high
schools, community colleges or training providers sharing $9.3 million in state
grants for purchases that connect Massachusetts students and residents to jobs
in high-demand industries.

Gov. Charlie Baker on Thursday announced the grants, which will allow the
schools to use the money for workforce training and equipment purchases.

The grants include:

* $227,236 that will allow Leominster High School's Center for Technical
Education innovation to revamp its machine technology and heating, ventilation,
air conditioning and refrigeration programs by purchasing new advanced milling
machines, and by purchasing simulation systems to support education in clean
energy technologies, including solar and geothermal energy.

* $136,412 for Montachusett Regional Vocational Technical School to launch a new
program in veterinary science, training students in STEM programming, and
allowing students to earn no-cost college credits at Becker College.

* $500,000 for Nashoba Valley Technical School in Westford to expand its
advanced manufacturing career programming, and will provide additional training
for veterans and people who are chronically unemployed.

"Workforce skills education and training plays an enormous role in economic and
personal development by helping residents acquire the skills they need to
connect with promising careers," Baker said in a statement announcing the
grants. "These vocational-technical education equipment grants will help build
stronger communities and a more competitive business environment that ensures
more residents have the skills they need to succeed in and support the
commonwealth's economic future."

The Workforce Skills Capital Grant Program is a new initiative of the Governor's
Workforce Skills Cabinet, which seeks to align education, workforce and economic
development strategies across the state. Labor and Workforce Development
Secretary Ronald Walker II, Education Secretary James Peyser, and Housing and
Economic Development Secretary Jay Ash are tasked with developing policies to
improve economic and job training opportunities.

The Workforce Skills Cabinet consolidated two capital grant programs -- the
former Manufacturing Training Equipment grants (administered by the Executive
Office of Housing and Economic Development) and the former Vocational
Opportunity Challenge grants (administered by the Executive Office for
Administration and Finance) -- into one.

The inaugural round of the Workforce Skills Capital Grant program received 68
applications, requesting a total of $18 million in funding.

Baker's proposed economic development legislation requests an additional $75
million in capital authorization for additional training equipment grants that
strengthen workforce skills, and create strong employment pipelines.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              496 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 5, 2016 Wednesday

Agency Information Collection Activities; Proposals, Submissions, and Approvals

LENGTH: 655  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Utilities Service
(RUS)



  The Department of Agriculture has submitted the following information
collection requirement(s) to Office of Management and Budget (OMB) for review
and clearance under the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995, Public Law 104-13.
Comments are requested regarding (1) whether the collection of information is
necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the agency, including
whether the information will have practical utility; (2) the accuracy of the
agency's estimate of burden including the validity of the methodology and
assumptions used; (3) ways to enhance the quality, utility and clarity of the
information to be collected; (4) ways to minimize the burden of the collection
of information on those who are to respond, including through the use of
appropriate automated, electronic, mechanical, or other technological collection
techniques or other forms of information technology.





 Comments regarding this information collection received by November 3, 2016
will be considered. Written comments should be addressed to: Desk Officer for
Agriculture, Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs, Office of Management
and Budget (OMB), New Executive Office Building, 725--17th Street NW.,
Washington, DC 20502. Commenters are encouraged to submit their comments to OMB
via email to: or fax (202) 395-5806 and to Departmental Clearance Office, USDA,
OCIO, Mail Stop 7602, Washington, DC 20250-7602. Copies of the submission(s) may
be obtained by calling (202) 720-8958.



 An agency may not conduct or sponsor a collection of information unless the
collection of information displays a currently valid OMB control number and the
agency informs potential persons who are to respond to the collection of
information that such persons are not required to respond to the collection of
information unless it displays a currently valid OMB control number.

 Rural Utilities Service



 Title: Broadband Grant Program.



 OMB Control Number: 0572-0127.



 Summary of Collection: Congress has recognized the need to facilitate the
deployment of broadband service to un-served rural areas. The provision to
broadband transmission service is vital to the economic development, education,
health, and safety of rural Americans.



 The Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2004 (Title III, Pub. L. 108-199, Stat.3),
7 CFR 1739 Subpart A, as amended, authorizes the Rural Development, Rural
Utilities Service (RUS) to administer the Community Connect Grant Program for
the provision of broadband transmission service in rural America. Grant
authority is utilized to deploy broadband infrastructure to extremely rural,
lower income communities on a "community-oriented connectivity" basis.



 Need and Use of the Information: RUS gives priority to rural areas that it
believes have the greatest need for broadband transmission services. This
broadband access is intended to promote economic development and provide
enhanced educational and health care opportunities. RUS will provide financial
assistance to eligible entities that are proposing to deploy broadband
transmission service in rural communities where such service does not currently
exist and who will connect the critical community facilities including the local
schools, libraries, hospitals, police, fire and rescue services and who will
operate a community center that provides free and open access to residents.



 Description of Respondents: Business or other for-profit; Not-for-profit
institutions; State, Local and Tribal Governments.



 Number of Respondents: 70.



 Frequency of Responses: Reporting; On occasion.



 Total Burden Hours: 11,380.

 Charlene Parker,

 Departmental Information Collection Clearance Officer.

 [FR Doc. 2016-23932 Filed 10-3-16; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-15-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              497 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 6, 2015 Wednesday

National Science Foundation awards UH $4.6 million

LENGTH: 706  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


University of Hawai'i has issued the following news release:

The National Science Foundation (NSF) has awarded the University of
Hawai[#x2bb]i (UH) a five-year, $4.6 million grant to support the international
research and education network connections in the Pacific.

The grant will support the U.S. costs associated with two 40Gbps (Gigabits per
second) links from Australia and New Zealand to the U.S. via Hawai[#x2bb]i.
These links are provisioned over submarine fiber optic capacity provided by the
Southern Cross Cable Network (SCCN) to Australia[#x2bb]s Academic and Research
Network (AARNet) through a unique partnership established over a decade ago.

One link connects from Australia to New Zealand, where the Research and
Education Network of New Zealand (REANNZ) connects, to Hawai[#x2bb]i Island to
Los Angeles.  The other link connects from Australia to O[#x2bb]ahu to Seattle.
On the U.S. West Coast, both links terminate in the Pacific Wave network
exchange which provides global connectivity to research and education networks
across the U.S. and to Asia.  As part of the five-year project, these links will
be upgraded to 100Gbps each in 2016.

"UH has a long and rich history as a leader in academic networking and Internet
development in the region," said David Lassner, UH President and Principal
Investigator for the grant.  "The first international Internet connection to
Australia was implemented over 25 years ago as a partnership between AARNet and
UH, and we remain uniquely positioned to lead this effort as the premier
research institution in the Pacific."

The grant was celebrated on Tuesday, April 28 at the Australian Embassy in
Washington DC, with remarks from the Australian Ambassador to the U.S. Kim
Beazley, the NSF Assistant Director for Computer & Information Science and
Engineering (CISE) Jim Kurose, the CEO of AARNet Chris Hancock and President
Lassner.  Also participating in the celebration were leaders from Internet2,
REANNZ and Pacific Wave.

Research and education networks around the world connect researchers, educators,
information and technology resources to address global challenges and
opportunities in multiple disciplines.  Australia-U.S. collaborations that will
be supported through this project include astronomy, oceanography, high energy
physics, coral reef research and more.  Modern research increasingly depends on
these high-speed networks to connect globally distributed scientific teams
across disciplines with distributed environmental sensor networks,
observatories, and computational and data storage resources to support "big
data" techniques.  Advanced networks also enable new methods of collaboration
and education, and the transport of ultra-high definition video in real time.

The project will also provide a focus for UH to work with Pacific Island
colleges, universities, governments and stakeholders to develop research and
education network capabilities for the Pacific Islands. These islands, which are
on the front lines of climate change, are the last part of the world with no
coherent regional research and education network initiative. While lack of
affordable communications infrastructure has been a barrier for many years,
submarine fiber optic cables now connect some of these islands. New fiber
projects are under development for others and new satellite initiatives provide
more connectivity at lower costs than previously available.  The Network Startup
Resource Center (NSRC) at the University of Oregon will be partnering with
technical assistance, training and human resource development.

"We are greatful to NSF for their support of this significant expansion of
capacity between the U.S., Australia and New Zealand that will also connect our
UH community with researchers networks serving the Pacific region, including our
partners Internet2, AARNet and REANNZ," said UH Vice-President for Information
Technology and Chief Information Officer, Garret Yoshimi.  "We look forward to
continuing to work collaboratively to build R&E capacity throughout the region,
in particular to help connect the underserved and geographically dispersed
Pacific Island communities."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              498 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 3, 2016 Monday

Oregon: City of St. Louis Named Finalist for Choice Neighborhoods Grant

LENGTH: 659  words

DATELINE: New York



 Jefferson: The City of St. Louis, Missouri has issued the following news
release:





 The City of St. Louis has been declared a finalist for the prestigious Choice
Neighborhoods Implementation Grant by the U.S. Housing and Urban Development
(HUD) for an area in North St. Louis.





 The application put forth by the City was selected as one of the top five out
of 34 cities for its development of a viable, feasible plan for the
transformation of the Near North Side. The plan focuses on:



     health

     education

     public safety

     social services

     job training

     entrepreneurship

     housing

     neighborhood enhancements



 Next month, HUD staff will personally visit the St. Louis site to gain a more
thorough understanding of the Transformation Plan. The final announcement is
expected in December.



 As HUD describes, the Choice Neighborhoods [portal.hud.gov] program supports
locally-driven strategies to address struggling neighborhoods with distressed
public or HUD-assisted housing through a comprehensive approach to neighborhood
transformation.



 Over the past year, Mayor Francis Slay's Administration -- in partnership with
Urban Strategies and McCormack Baron Salazar -- convened more than 100 meetings
of local leaders, residents and stakeholders, such as universities and community
colleges, the St. Louis Public School District and charter schools, business
owners, hospitals and non-profits, as well as the St. Louis Housing Authority to
formulate the plan and secure leveraged investments for the Choice area.



 "I am very proud to be a part of this historic and significant community
-centered Transformation Plan and know that the partnerships and investments in
people, education, housing, and neighborhood will bring positive and lasting
change to the Near North Side community, making it a community of choice and
opportunity for generations to come," Mayor Francis Slay said. "St. Louis's work
on Project Connect, along with its designation as an SC2 City, Promise Zone,
Preferred Sustainable Community, and Byrne Grantee provide us with a strong
foundation of partners and support to realize the Transformation Plan."

 Near North Side Image



 The City's Near North Side Choice Neighborhood Initiative
[www.nearnorthsidestl.com ] http://www.nearnorthsidestl.com /) encompasses Carr
and Columbus Square neighborhoods, along with portions of Old North, St. Louis
Place and the new home of the Next National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (NGA)
West intelligence campus.



 This area is uniquely situated to realize the extraordinary potential to create
a more sustainable future for residents. More than $1 billion has been invested
along the riverfront bordering the Carr and Columbus Square neighborhoods in the
past five years. These investments include the $700 million Stan Musial Veterans
Memorial Bridge that directly connects I-70 to the neighborhood, as well as the
$380 million CityArchRiver effort to connect, invigorate, and expand the Gateway
Arch grounds.



 "If awarded, this grant could provide critical resources to capitalize on
current investment and improve the economic growth and development in a vital
area of the city, which includes the new site for the NGA West headquarters,"
U.S. Senator Roy Blunt said. "I look forward to working with Mayor Slay and St.
Louis-area leaders to help move this project forward."



 "The selection of the City of St. Louis as a finalist for this grant shows that
the Department of Housing and Urban Development recognizes what so many of us
already know -- that this vibrant city continues to expand, but as it grows,
these critical resources would go a long way to help revitalize our struggling
neighborhoods," U.S. Senator Claire McCaskill said. "I'm looking forward to
working with my colleagues to get this award across the finish line for our
beloved city."





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              499 of 998 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 3, 2016 Monday

Oregon: City of St. Louis Named Finalist for Choice Neighborhoods Grant

LENGTH: 659  words

DATELINE: New York



 Jefferson: The City of St. Louis, Missouri has issued the following news
release:





 The City of St. Louis has been declared a finalist for the prestigious Choice
Neighborhoods Implementation Grant by the U.S. Housing and Urban Development
(HUD) for an area in North St. Louis.





 The application put forth by the City was selected as one of the top five out
of 34 cities for its development of a viable, feasible plan for the
transformation of the Near North Side. The plan focuses on:



     health

     education

     public safety

     social services

     job training

     entrepreneurship

     housing

     neighborhood enhancements



 Next month, HUD staff will personally visit the St. Louis site to gain a more
thorough understanding of the Transformation Plan. The final announcement is
expected in December.



 As HUD describes, the Choice Neighborhoods [portal.hud.gov] program supports
locally-driven strategies to address struggling neighborhoods with distressed
public or HUD-assisted housing through a comprehensive approach to neighborhood
transformation.



 Over the past year, Mayor Francis Slay's Administration -- in partnership with
Urban Strategies and McCormack Baron Salazar -- convened more than 100 meetings
of local leaders, residents and stakeholders, such as universities and community
colleges, the St. Louis Public School District and charter schools, business
owners, hospitals and non-profits, as well as the St. Louis Housing Authority to
formulate the plan and secure leveraged investments for the Choice area.



 "I am very proud to be a part of this historic and significant community
-centered Transformation Plan and know that the partnerships and investments in
people, education, housing, and neighborhood will bring positive and lasting
change to the Near North Side community, making it a community of choice and
opportunity for generations to come," Mayor Francis Slay said. "St. Louis's work
on Project Connect, along with its designation as an SC2 City, Promise Zone,
Preferred Sustainable Community, and Byrne Grantee provide us with a strong
foundation of partners and support to realize the Transformation Plan."

 Near North Side Image



 The City's Near North Side Choice Neighborhood Initiative
[www.nearnorthsidestl.com ] http://www.nearnorthsidestl.com /) encompasses Carr
and Columbus Square neighborhoods, along with portions of Old North, St. Louis
Place and the new home of the Next National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (NGA)
West intelligence campus.



 This area is uniquely situated to realize the extraordinary potential to create
a more sustainable future for residents. More than $1 billion has been invested
along the riverfront bordering the Carr and Columbus Square neighborhoods in the
past five years. These investments include the $700 million Stan Musial Veterans
Memorial Bridge that directly connects I-70 to the neighborhood, as well as the
$380 million CityArchRiver effort to connect, invigorate, and expand the Gateway
Arch grounds.



 "If awarded, this grant could provide critical resources to capitalize on
current investment and improve the economic growth and development in a vital
area of the city, which includes the new site for the NGA West headquarters,"
U.S. Senator Roy Blunt said. "I look forward to working with Mayor Slay and St.
Louis-area leaders to help move this project forward."



 "The selection of the City of St. Louis as a finalist for this grant shows that
the Department of Housing and Urban Development recognizes what so many of us
already know -- that this vibrant city continues to expand, but as it grows,
these critical resources would go a long way to help revitalize our struggling
neighborhoods," U.S. Senator Claire McCaskill said. "I'm looking forward to
working with my colleagues to get this award across the finish line for our
beloved city."





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              500 of 998 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            November 16, 2012 Friday

DuPage Community Foundation matches donors, nonprofits

BYLINE: By Christie Willhite cwillhite@dailyherald.com By Christie Willhite
cwillhite@dailyherald.com

SECTION: NEIGHBOR; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 870 words


Usually, "the gift that keeps on giving" is a tongue-in-cheek description of the
jelly-of-the-month club membership Aunt Betty gives you for the holidays.

But the phrase is a heartfelt way of life for donors and recipients brought
together by the [URL]DuPage Community
Foundation;http://www.dcfdn.org/Home.aspx[/URL].

Launched in 1986 by three philanthropists, the foundation strives to improve the
quality of life in DuPage County by giving grants to not-for-profit groups
working in the areas of arts and culture, education, the environment, and health
and human services.

Donors who contribute to the foundation's endowment can designate how the
proceeds should be used -- to benefit a specific program or agency, or to
support work in an area of concern, for example.

The foundation then matches donors' desires to the needs of nonprofits serving
DuPage, creating grants to fund specific initiatives or to provide general
support.

In the spring, the foundation oversaw 25 grants totaling $246,000 to local
health and human services agencies. Top grants of $15,000 went to [URL]Catholic
Charities;http://www.cc-doj.org/[/URL], [URL]Community Housing Advocacy and
Development;http://chadhousing.org/[/URL] and [URL]DuPage
PADS;http://www.dupagepads.org/[/URL] to help the homeless; gifts of $10,000
were given to [URL]Stepping Stones;http://www.steppingstonesroselle.org/[/URL]
to help women and children who have been victims of domestic violence, and to
[URL]Youth Outlook;http://www.youth-outlook.org/wordpress/[/URL] to fund
programming addressing safety and tolerance for lesbian, gay, bisexual,
transgender and questioning youth.

The smallest grants, $2,500 each, went to [URL]Family
Focus;http://www.family-focus.org/centers/bensenville[/URL]' parenting support
programs and to [URL]Hands of Hope Food
Pantry;http://www.evangelchurch.cc/index.php/main/ministries/hands-of-h
ope/337[/URL] for a freezer to store perishable goods.

In the fall of 2011, the DuPage Community Foundation dispensed 32 grants
totaling $172,420 for arts, education and environmental programs. Beneficiaries
included choirs and symphonies, the Girl Scouts, history museums, school
programs and the Morton Arboretum.

Today, as the foundation prepares to host its annual Benefit Dinner, Director of
Development Jeffrey Hartman gives us an inside look at how gifts to the
foundation continue giving.

Q. What is your organization's mission?

A. To foster philanthropy, connect donors to area needs, and build community
partnerships.

Q. How do you work toward accomplishing that goal?

A. The foundation receives contributions and bequests into a permanent endowment
from individuals, corporations, organizations and foundations wishing to make
lasting contributions. The earnings on these funds are used, in accordance with
donor wishes, for the foundation's grant making and community leadership
activities.

Q. When and why did the organization start? How has it grown?

A. The foundation is extremely proud of its beginnings over 26 years ago. In
1986, Brooks McCormick, Mary Eleanor Wall and Jerry Bradshaw became the founding
members.

Based on the virtues of volunteerism and philanthropy, the foundation fosters a
legacy of support by making grants to not-for-profit organizations working in
the areas of arts and culture, education, environment, health and human
services.

Since its inception, the foundation has built its endowment to nearly $42
million and awarded more than $14 million in grants to not-for-profit agencies.

Q. What kind of successes have you had?

A. The foundation has made great strides in addressing early childhood care and
education. We envision that beginning from birth, all children have quality care
and education that prepare them to succeed in school and participate in the
workforce as adults.

The foundation has supported programs focused on improving the quality of
services delivered to very young children and their families. Currently, the
foundation is offering a multiyear funding opportunity to help a specific
community establish a collaborative initiative focused on addressing the early
childhood needs as they relate to preparing children to be ready to learn when
they enter kindergarten.

Q. What challenges does the organization currently face?

A. Like every not-for-profit, the foundation's funding has become tighter as the
uncertainty in the financial sector has impacted giving. We are constantly
balancing increasing support to our local not-for-profit partners in the form of
grants and leadership activities with the prudent safeguarding of our
endowments.

Q. What do you wish the community at large knew about the organization?

A. A community foundation is really a great resource. There are more than 700
community foundations across the country and each has a unique insight into the
demographics, needs and the not-for-profit landscape of their community. We are
a resource and want to help connect area philanthropists to community needs.

Q. How can readers get involved?

A. You can join us at The DuPage Community Foundation's 20th annual Benefit
Dinner at 5 p.m. Sunday, Nov. 18, at Butterfield Country Club in Oak Brook.
Visit [URL]dcfdn.org;http://www.dcfdn.org/Home.aspx[/URL] for information and to
RSVP.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Paddock Publications, Inc.
