
                              1 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

USDA Awards Grants to Preserve Affordable Rural Housing

LENGTH: 618  words

DATELINE: New York



 Phoenix: U.S Department of Agriculture, The State of Arizona has issued the
following news release:



 USDA Rural Development Under Secretary Lisa Mensah today announced grants to
preserve and repair affordable housing for very-low- and low-income families
living in rural areas.





 "Housing Preservation Grants are an excellent source of funding to help folks
keep up a safe and energy-efficient home that is in good repair," Mensah said.
"This funding will go a long way toward helping maintain the value of rural
residents' homes and preserve the supply of safe, affordable housing in rural
America."



 USDA is awarding $3.9 million in Housing Preservation Grant to 107
organizations in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and in
every state except Montana and Washington.



 The grants will renovate 966 rural housing units. They can be used to remove
health and safety hazards, make homes more energy efficient, and modernize the
units. Eligible recipients include local governments, public agencies, federally
recognized Indian Tribes, nonprofit organizations and faith-based and community
groups. They distribute the grants to homeowners and owners of multi-family
rental properties or cooperative dwellings who rent to low- and very-low-income
residents.



 The organizations receiving the grants determine which local projects to
support.



 In Pennsylvania, the United Way of Western Crawford County is receiving a
$22,900 grant to renovate six units. It will help low- to very-low-income
homeowners repair or replace major systems such as heating, electrical, or make
exterior repairs. The United Way also will make accessibility modifications.



 The City of Okolona, Miss., is receiving a $24,663 grant to renovate up to 10
homes. In addition to general repairs, the city hopes to reduce overcrowding by
making interior alterations and/or building room additions. Also in Mississippi,
the Warren-Washington-Issaquena-Sharkey Community Action Agency is receiving a
$40,000 grant to rehabilitate homes by removing lead-based paint and making
weatherization and energy-efficiency improvements.



 Rebuilding Together of Litchfield County, Inc. in Connecticut will continue the
work it has done with prior Housing Preservation Grants. It is receiving a
$46,021 grant. The organization repaired 19 homes in 2015 with a 50,000 USDA
grant. It leveraged a network of volunteers and partners to replace flooring,
failing windows, siding, and make 28 health, safety and accessibility
improvements. The repairs allowed very-low-income, elderly homeowners to remain
in their homes.



 Funding for all awards is contingent upon the recipients meeting the terms of
their grant agreement.



 USDA has provided $51 million in Housing Preservation Grants since the start of
the Obama Administration. These grants have leveraged more than $184 million to
repair and rehabilitate nearly 13,000 homes and apartments in rural communities.




 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development (@USDARDThis is an external link or
third-party site outside of the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)
website.) has invested nearly $13 billion to start or expand nearly 112,000
rural businesses; helped 1.1 million rural residents buy homes; funded nearly
9,200 community facilities such as schools, public safety and health care
facilities; and helped bring high-speed Internet access to nearly 6 million
rural residents and businesses. USDA also has invested $31.3 billion in 963
electric projects that have financed more than 185,000 miles of transmission and
distribution lines serving 4.6 million rural residents.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              2 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   Turtle Mountain Star (Rolla, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                October 11, 2010

Tribe awarded grant to repair 10 homes

BYLINE: Turtle Mountain Star staff

LENGTH: 268  words


USDA Rural Development Office announced that a Housing Preservation Grants (HPG)
of $50 000 has been awarded to the Turtle Mountain Band of Chippewa Indians in
Bel-court.

The grant is designated to repair ten homes on the Turtle Mountain Reservation
and surrounding area in Rolette County.

; USDA Rural Development's Housing Preservation Grants are often combined with
state and local funds to provide as much funding to help as many homeowners as
possible. The Turtle Mountain Band of Chippewa Indians grant for $50 000 from
Rural Development will be leveraged by a Community Development Block Grant
(CDBG) for $241, 000 from the N.D. Dept of Commerce, along with a grant for $74
000 from the Housing Improvement Program (HIP) program in Bel-court.

Housing Preservation Grants are provided to intermediaries such as town or
county governments, public agencies, federally recognized Indian Tribes, and
non-profit and faith-based organizations.

The grants are then distributed from intermediaries to homeowners or owners of
multi-family rental properties or cooperative dwellings who rent to low and
very-low-income residents.

The grants may be used to make general repairs such as installing or improving
plumbing or providing or enhancing access to people with disabilities. Funds can
also be used to weatherize and make homes more energy-efficient.

Funding of each recipient is contingent upon their meeting the conditions of the
grant agreement.

| Further information on rural programs is available at a local USDA Rural
Development office or by visiting USDA Rural Development's web site
attp://www.rurdev.usda.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TUR

                      Copyright 2010 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2010 Turtle Mountain Star


                              3 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                    Golden Valley News (Beach, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 24, 2012

USDA seeking applications to improve housing

BYLINE: Golden Valley News staff

LENGTH: 225  words


USDA Rural Development State Director Jasper Schneider says that applications
for grants are being accepted to provide assistance to low income rural
residents to repair their homes.

"This funding opportunity helps homeowners make necessary property improvements
which are important to building strong, vibrant communities," Schneider said.
'"Upgrades may include anything from replacing a roof to installing energy
efficient technology."

Housing Preservation Grants are available to intermediaries such as town or
county governments, public-agencies, federally recognized Indian Tribes, and
non-profit and faith-based organizations. The grants are then distributed to
qualified homeowners, owners of multi-family rental properties or cooperative
dwellings who rent to low income residents.

Grants can be used to weatherize and repair existing structures, install or
improve plumbing or provide access to people with disabilities. Housing
Preservations Grants help bring job growth and stability to communities while
improving living conditions.

For fiscal year 2012, USDA may award up to $4.1 million in competitive grants
through the Housing Preservation Grant program. Applications are due June 25,
2012. For more information on how to apply, please contact the USDA Rural
Development office in Bismarck at (701) 530-2037 or visit
www.rurdev.usda.gov/nd.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Regional Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GOV

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2012 Golden Valley News


                              4 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              May 14, 2012 Monday

USDA seeks grant applications

LENGTH: 290 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


- Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack has announced that applications for grants
are being accepted to provide assistance to low- and very-low-income rural
residents to repair their homes.


Grants can be used to weatherize and repair existing structures, install or
improve plumbing or provide access to people with disabilities. Housing
Preservation Grants, or HPGs, help bring job growth and stability to low-income
communities while improving the living conditions of rural Americans.


A recent Maine HPG recipient is Penquis. Penquis, in Bangor, received $25,000 to
combine with leveraged funds to assist 17 eligible rural families or individual
homeowners in Penobscot, Piscataquis, Knox and Waldo Counties in three ways:
supplemental funding for the Pathways Out of Poverty Program, gap financing for
replacement housing and general home rehabilitation.


USDA Rural Development is offering Housing Preservation Grants to intermediaries
such as town or county governments, public agencies, federally recognized Indian
Tribes and nonprofit and faith-based organizations. The grants are then
distributed to qualified homeowners or owners of multifamily rental properties
or cooperative dwellings who rent to low- and very-low-income residents. USDA
does not provide funding directly to homeowners under this program.


For fiscal year 2012, USDA may award up to $4.1 million in competitive grants
through the Housing Preservation Grant program. Applications are due June 25,
2012.


For information on how to apply, see page 27179 of the May 9, 2012 Federal
Register or visit
http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/FR-2012-05-09/html/2012-11036.htm.


For information on rural programs, visit a local USDA Rural Development office
or http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/me.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Bangor Daily News


                              5 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                              May 14, 2012 Monday

USDA seeks grant applications

LENGTH: 290 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


- Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack has announced that applications for grants
are being accepted to provide assistance to low- and very-low-income rural
residents to repair their homes.


Grants can be used to weatherize and repair existing structures, install or
improve plumbing or provide access to people with disabilities. Housing
Preservation Grants, or HPGs, help bring job growth and stability to low-income
communities while improving the living conditions of rural Americans.


A recent Maine HPG recipient is Penquis. Penquis, in Bangor, received $25,000 to
combine with leveraged funds to assist 17 eligible rural families or individual
homeowners in Penobscot, Piscataquis, Knox and Waldo Counties in three ways:
supplemental funding for the Pathways Out of Poverty Program, gap financing for
replacement housing and general home rehabilitation.


USDA Rural Development is offering Housing Preservation Grants to intermediaries
such as town or county governments, public agencies, federally recognized Indian
Tribes and nonprofit and faith-based organizations. The grants are then
distributed to qualified homeowners or owners of multifamily rental properties
or cooperative dwellings who rent to low- and very-low-income residents. USDA
does not provide funding directly to homeowners under this program.


For fiscal year 2012, USDA may award up to $4.1 million in competitive grants
through the Housing Preservation Grant program. Applications are due June 25,
2012.


For information on how to apply, see page 27179 of the May 9, 2012 Federal
Register or visit
http://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/FR-2012-05-09/html/2012-11036.htm.


For information on rural programs, visit a local USDA Rural Development office
or http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/me.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Bangor Daily News


                              6 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     Jewell County Record (Mankato, Kansas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 21, 2013

City of Mankato receives housing preservation grant

BYLINE: Jewell County Record staff

LENGTH: 358  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack has announced that two entities in Kansas will
receive grants to make housing repairs and improve housing conditions for
limited income rural residents.

"Providing safe, reliable housing to rural residents is key to maintaining
stable communities and creating jobs," said Doug O'Brien, acting under secretary
for rural development. "USDA has developed strategic partnerships with tribes,
community organizations and non-profit groups to improve the living conditions
for thousands of rural residents."

Funding is being provided through USDA Rural Development's Housing Preservation
Grant program. Funds are provided to intermediaries such as local governments,
public agencies, federally-recognized Indian tribes, and non-profit, faith-based
and community organizations. These organizations distribute the grants to
homeowners and owners of multi-family rental properties or cooperative dwellings
who rent to low-and very-low-income residents. Funds are not directly provided
to eligible homeowners by USDA.

In Kansas, USDA Rural Development provided two $25,000 housing preservation
grants. The Coffey County Housing Authority and the City of Mankato were awarded
grants to assist low and very-low income residents make essential repairs to
their homes.

"The City of Mankato will be able to help improve the housing stock in the city
by updating some of the older homes and making them livable, comfortable homes,"
said Marvin Loomis, city administrator. "We are currently working on repairing
homes by winterizing them, replacing windows, installing furnaces, and updating
electrical systems."

Grants may be used to make general repairs, such as installing or improving
plumbing, or providing or enhancing access to people with disabilities. Funds
may also bej used to make homes more energy efficient.

O'Brien said that this announcement is another reason why Congress must get a
comprehensive Food, Farm and Jobs Bill passed as soon as possible. Farm Bill
programs are important to the economic vitality of rural America, and a
comprehensive new Food, Farm and Jobs Bill would further expand the rural
economy, he added.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JCR

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2013 Jewell County Record


                              7 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 14, 2013 Wednesday

Notice of Funds Availability for the Section 533 Housing Preservation Grants for
Fiscal Year 2013

LENGTH: 419  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


Action

Notice; Correction
Summary

The Rural Housing Service published a document in the Federal Register on June
18, 2013, announcing that it is soliciting competitive applications under its
Housing Preservation Grant program. The funding available for the Housing
Preservation Grant was incorrectly identified in the notice.

Table of Contents Back to Top

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    Correction
    Correction
    Correction

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Bonnie Edwards-Jackson, Finance and Loan Analyst, Multi-Family Housing
Preservation and Direct Loan Division, USDA Rural Development, Stop 0781, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC, 20250-0781, telephone (202) 690-0759
(voice) (this is not a toll free number) or (800) 877-8339 (TDD-Federal
Information Relay Service) or via email at, Bonnie.Edwards@wdc.usda.gov
Correction Back to Top

In the Federal Register of June 18, 2013, in FR Doc. 2010-14400, on page, 36510,
in the second column, the listing for the award information should read:

For Fiscal Year 2013, $3,803,461.25 is available for the HPG Program. Rural
Economic Area Partnership Zones and other funds will be distributed under a
formula allocation to states pursuant to 7 CFR part 1940, subpart L,
"Methodology and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant Program Funds."
Decisions on funding will be based on pre-application scores. Anyone interested
in submitting an application for funding under this program is encouraged to
consult the Rural Development Web site periodically for updated information
regarding the status of funding authorized for this program.
Correction Back to Top

In the Federal Register of June 18, 2013, in FR Doc. 2010-14400, on page, 36514,
in the second column, the listing for the Rural Development Vermont State
Office, address to contact should read:

Vermont State Office,87 State Street, Suite 324,P. O. Box 249,Montpelier, VT
05601,(802) 828-6028,TDD (802) 223-6365,Tammy Surprise.
Correction Back to Top

In the Federal Register of June 18, 2013, in FR Doc. 2010-14400, on page, 36514,
in the third column, the listing for the Rural Development West Virginia State
Office, address to contact should read:

West Virginia State Office,2118 Ripley Road,Ripley, West Virginia 25271,(304)
372-3441, ext. 105,TDD (304) 284-4836,Penny Thaxton.

Dated: July 30, 2013.

Tammye Treviño,

Administrator,Rural Housing Service.

For more information please visit: https://www.federalregister.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              8 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 30, 2016 Sunday

Washington: The City of East Spencer Receives USDA Grant

LENGTH: 327  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Alma Adams has issued the following news release:



 Congresswoman Alma Adams (NC-12) joined Mayor Mallet, USDA Undersecretary Lisa
Mensah, and USDA State Director Randy Gore to announce a $75,000 grant from USDA
for Rural Development.





 "This grant will assist low-income residents in Rowan County to preserve and
rehabilitate their homes" said Congresswoman Adams. "I appreciate Undersecretary
Mensah's and State Director Gore's advocacy for USDA's investment in East
Spencer and I applaud Mayor Mallet's leadership. Together, we secured this vital
funding."



 "This grant will have a lasting impact on the community", said Mayor Barbara
Mallet. "We are building a stronger community with initiatives like the rural
housing grant and proving ourselves to be more resilient than we ever believed."




 "The Housing Preservation Grants program is one of many by USDA Rural
Development to help ensure that rural residents have access to safe, affordable
housing" said USDA State Director Randy Gore. "USDA not only helps people buy
and rent homes, but helps them maintain their residences after they move in."



 In North Carolina USDA has provided $1.3 million in Housing Preservation Grants
since the start of the Obama Administration.  Nationally, USDA has provided $51
million in Housing Preservation Grants.  These grants have leveraged more than
$184 million to repair and rehabilitate nearly 13,000 homes and apartments in
rural communities.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development in North Carolina has invested over $11
billion to start or expand rural businesses; helped rural residents buy homes;
funded community facilities such as schools, public safety and health care
facilities; financed electric transmission and distribution lines; and helped
bring high-speed Internet access to rural residents and businesses.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              9 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 30, 2016 Sunday

Washington: The City of East Spencer Receives USDA Grant

LENGTH: 327  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the MP Alma Adams has issued the following news release:



 Congresswoman Alma Adams (NC-12) joined Mayor Mallet, USDA Undersecretary Lisa
Mensah, and USDA State Director Randy Gore to announce a $75,000 grant from USDA
for Rural Development.





 "This grant will assist low-income residents in Rowan County to preserve and
rehabilitate their homes" said Congresswoman Adams. "I appreciate Undersecretary
Mensah's and State Director Gore's advocacy for USDA's investment in East
Spencer and I applaud Mayor Mallet's leadership. Together, we secured this vital
funding."



 "This grant will have a lasting impact on the community", said Mayor Barbara
Mallet. "We are building a stronger community with initiatives like the rural
housing grant and proving ourselves to be more resilient than we ever believed."




 "The Housing Preservation Grants program is one of many by USDA Rural
Development to help ensure that rural residents have access to safe, affordable
housing" said USDA State Director Randy Gore. "USDA not only helps people buy
and rent homes, but helps them maintain their residences after they move in."



 In North Carolina USDA has provided $1.3 million in Housing Preservation Grants
since the start of the Obama Administration.  Nationally, USDA has provided $51
million in Housing Preservation Grants.  These grants have leveraged more than
$184 million to repair and rehabilitate nearly 13,000 homes and apartments in
rural communities.



 Since 2009, USDA Rural Development in North Carolina has invested over $11
billion to start or expand rural businesses; helped rural residents buy homes;
funded community facilities such as schools, public safety and health care
facilities; financed electric transmission and distribution lines; and helped
bring high-speed Internet access to rural residents and businesses.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 5, 2015 Friday

Arkansas: USDA Seeks Applications for Grants to Help Repair Housing in Rural
Communities

LENGTH: 345  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


Arkansas Agriculture Department has issued the following news release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced today that USDA is seeking
applications for grants to make housing repairs for low- and very-low-income
rural residents. The grants are being provided through USDA Rural Development's
Housing Preservation Grant program.

"These grants help rural homeowners and rental housing owners repair and improve
their properties," Vilsack said. "Funds may be used to resolve health or safety
issues, make accessibility modifications for people with disabilities, or make
energy-efficiency improvements to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and lower
utility costs."

Eligible applicants for Housing Preservation Grants include town or county
governments, public agencies, federally recognized Indian Tribes, and non-profit
and faith-based organizations. USDA does not provide funding directly to
homeowners under this program. For additional eligibility information, see page
28943 of the May 20, 2015 Federal Register.

USDA is making up to $3.3 million in grants available in Fiscal Year 2015.
Pre-applications are due by 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on July 6, 2015.

Last year, USDA provided Housing Preservation Grants for 107 projects in 46
states and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. For example, four Vermont
organizations received a total of $250,000 to help rural families repair and
rehabilitate their homes. Southeastern Vermont Community Action Program, the
Vermont Center for Independent Living, Northeast Employment and Training
Organization, and Rural Edge each received a grant. The funds helped 118 rural
Vermont families.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

#

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 6, 2015 Saturday

WASHINGTON:USDA Seeks Applications for Grants to Help Repair Housing in Rural
Communities

LENGTH: 345  words

DATELINE: Palouse Grain Growers


Palouse Grain Growers, The State of Washington has issued the following news
release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced today that USDA is seeking
applications for grants to make housing repairs for low- and very-low-income
rural residents. The grants are being provided through USDA Rural Development's
Housing Preservation Grant program.

"These grants help rural homeowners and rental housing owners repair and improve
their properties," Vilsack said. "Funds may be used to resolve health or safety
issues, make accessibility modifications for people with disabilities, or make
energy-efficiency improvements to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and lower
utility costs."

Eligible applicants for Housing Preservation Grants include town or county
governments, public agencies, federally recognized Indian Tribes, and non-profit
and faith-based organizations. USDA does not provide funding directly to
homeowners under this program. For additional eligibility information, see page
28943 of the May 20, 2015 Federal Register.

USDA is making up to $3.3 million in grants available in Fiscal Year 2015.
Pre-applications are due by 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on July 6, 2015.

Last year, USDA provided Housing Preservation Grants for 107 projects in 46
states and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. For example, four Vermont
organizations received a total of $250,000 to help rural families repair and
rehabilitate their homes. Southeastern Vermont Community Action Program, the
Vermont Center for Independent Living, Northeast Employment and Training
Organization, and Rural Edge each received a grant. The funds helped 118 rural
Vermont families.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              12 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 4, 2015 Thursday

Arizona: USDA Seeks Applications for Grants to Help Repair Housing in Rural
Communities

LENGTH: 347  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


State of Arizona has issued the following news release:

WASHINGTON, June 4, 2015 - Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced today
that USDA is seeking applications for grants to make housing repairs for low-
and very-low-income rural residents. The grants are being provided through USDA
Rural Development's Housing Preservation Grant program.

"These grants help rural homeowners and rental housing owners repair and improve
their properties," Vilsack said. "Funds may be used to resolve health or safety
issues, make accessibility modifications for people with disabilities, or make
energy-efficiency improvements to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and lower
utility costs."

Eligible applicants for Housing Preservation Grants include town or county
governments, public agencies, federally recognized Indian Tribes, and non-profit
and faith-based organizations. USDA does not provide funding directly to
homeowners under this program. For additional eligibility information, see page
28943 of the May 20, 2015 Federal Register.

USDA is making up to $3.3 million in grants available in Fiscal Year 2015.
Pre-applications are due by 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time on July 6, 2015.

Last year, USDA provided Housing Preservation Grants for 107 projects in 46
states and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. For example, four Vermont
organizations received a total of $250,000 to help rural families repair and
rehabilitate their homes. Southeastern Vermont Community Action Program, the
Vermont Center for Independent Living, Northeast Employment and Training
Organization, and Rural Edge each received a grant. The funds helped 118 rural
Vermont families.

President Obama's historic investments in rural America have made our rural
communities stronger. Under his leadership, these investments in housing,
community facilities, businesses and infrastructure have empowered rural America
to continue leading the way - strengthening America's economy, small towns and
rural communities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Mississippi Business Journal (Jackson, MS)

                                October 5, 2009

Housing preservation grants awarded in Mississippi

BYLINE: Wally Northway

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 147  words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) is providing $9.8 million in grants to
repair rural housing and make energy efficiency improvements in 48 states and
Puerto Rico. The funds are being awarded through the USDA Rural Development
Housing Preservation Grant program.

Housing preservation grants ensure that rural single and multi-family housing
stocks are adequate, meet current safety standards and are accessible by
individuals with disabilities. Grants are awarded to non-profit organizations,
local governments and Native American tribes, who in turn provide loans, grants
or loan and grant combinations to eligible applicants.

In Mississippi, grants were awarded to Tunica County Housing Project Inc.
($75,000), Prairie Opportunity Inc. ($75,000), Jefferson County Board of
Supervisors ($75,643), FI & ED Association Inc. ($56,000) and South Central
Community Action ($50,000).

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                              July 25, 2011 Monday

USDA seeks applications for grants to improve quality of rural housing

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 594 words


WASHINGTON, D.C. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced that applications
are being accepted for grants to eligible applicants to help low- and
very-low-income rural residents repair their homes.

"These funds help limited-income rural homeowners improve their living
conditions," Vilsack said. "The costs associated with maintaining a home are a
challenge for many rural homeowners and the funding we are announcing will be
used by awardees to help low and very-low-income residents in rural areas
maintain and repair their homes."

Housing Preservation Grants are provided to intermediaries such as town or
county governments, public agencies, federally recognized Indian Tribes, and
non-profit and faith-based organizations. The grants are then distributed to
qualified homeowners or owners of multi-family rental properties or cooperative
dwellings who rent to low- and very-low-income residents. Funding is not
provided directly to homeowners by USDA under this program.

The grants can be used to weatherize and repair existing structures, install or
improve plumbing or provide access to people with disabilities.

USDA Rural Development State Director said, "I've seen firsthand how we have
been able to help New Mexicans repair their homes with USDA resources. Recently
I met with Stephanita Vigil at her in Las Vegas, New Mexico home. USDA helped
finance the replacement of 14 windows in her historic Victorian home. The new
windows have prevented drafts in the winter and allowed cool breezes in the
summer."

USDA may award up to $9.8 million in competitive grants through the Housing
Preservation Grant program. Applications are due on August 22, 2011. For more
information about application details, please view the Notice of Funds
Availability (NOFA) published in the July 7, 2011 Federal Register.

Housing Preservation Grants help bring job growth and stability to low-income
communities while improving the living conditions of rural Americans.

In June, President Obama signed an Executive Order establishing the first White
House Rural Council, chaired by Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack. The White
House Rural Council will work throughout government to create policies to
promote economic prosperity and a high quality of life in our rural communities.

Since taking office, President Obama's Administration has taken significant
steps to improve the lives of rural Americans and has provided broad support for
rural communities. The Obama Administration has set goals of modernizing
infrastructure by providing broadband access to 10 million Americans, expanding
educational opportunities for students in rural areas, and providing affordable
health care. In the long term, these unparalleled rural investments will help
ensure that America's rural communities are repopulating, self-sustaining, and
thriving economically.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, administers and manages
housing, business and community infrastructure and facility programs through a
national network of state and local offices. Rural Development has an existing
portfolio of more than $153 billion in loans and loan guarantees. These programs
are designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses,
residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural
America.

USDA is an equal opportunity provider, employer and lender. To file a complaint
of discrimination, write: USDA, Director, Office of Civil Rights, 1400
Independence Avenue, SW, Washington, DC 20250-9410 or call (800) 795-3272
(voice), or (202) 720-6382 (TDD).

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Vilsack

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2011 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                            October 22, 2012 Monday

USDA announces support for rural housing projects

BYLINE: For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 463 words


WASHINGTON DC - Agriculture Under Secretary for Rural Development Dallas
Tonsager announced the selection of recipients in 49 states and the Commonwealth
of Puerto Rico for grants to make repairs and improve housing conditions for
low- and very-low-income rural residents.

"For many rural residents, maintaining a home with basic features such as indoor
plumbing and safe electrical wiring is often unaffordable," Tonsager said. "This
program supports basic repairs to improve living conditions for rural residents
with extremely limited incomes."

The more than $4.4 million in funding announced is being provided through USDA
Rural Development's Housing Preservation Grant program. Funds are provided to
intermediaries such as town or county governments, public agencies, federally
recognized Indian Tribes, and non-profit and faith-based and community
organizations. These organizations then distribute the funds to homeowners and
owners of multi-family rental properties or cooperative dwellings who repair
dwellings occupied by low- and very-low-income residents.

Two projects in New Mexico were included in the announcement; the first is a
Habitat for Humanity project in Taos that will use $22,232 to rehabilitate and
repair two homes in Taos County.

The second project will see another $22,232 granted to Tierra de Sol Housing
Corporation. That funding will be used to rehabilitate and repair three homes
located in Luna County and Dona Ana County.

Grants may be used to make general repairs, such as installing or improving
plumbing or providing or enhancing access to people with disabilities. Funds may
also be used to weatherize and make homes more energy efficient. Many of the
USDA grants are being leveraged with funding from additional sources.

USDA's Housing Preservation Grant Program has a record of helping low-income
rural residents eliminate safety or health challenges.

Please click here for a complete list of recipients that were selected to
receive USDA housing preservation grants. Funding is contingent upon the
recipient meeting the terms of the grant agreement. For information on other
Rural Development's projects, please visit the agency's new interactive web map
at: http://www.rurdev.usda.gov/RDSuccessStories.html. The map features program
funding and success stories for fiscal years 2009-2011.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, administers and manages
housing, business and community infrastructure programs through a national
network of state and local offices. Rural Development has an active portfolio of
more than $174 billion in loans and loan guarantees. These programs are designed
to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses, residents,
farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural America.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: "For many rural residents, maintaining a home with basic features such
as indoor plumbing and safe electrical wiring is often unaffordable. This
program supports basic repairs to improve living conditions for rural residents
with extremely limited incomes. Dallas Tonsager, Agriculture Under Secretary for
Rural Development

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


          Copyright 2012 Deming Headlight, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Antrim Review

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 18, 2015

USDA seeking low income housing grant applications

BYLINE: The Antrim Review staff

LENGTH: 227  words


The federal USDA is seeking applications from low income rural homeowners in
Michigan for housing repair grants. The grants are being provided through USDA
Rural Development's Housing Grant program. "These grants help rural homeowners
and rental housing owners repair and improve their properties," Vilsack said.
"Funds may be used to resolve health or safety issues, make accessibility
modifications for people with disabilities, or make energy-efficiency
improvements to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and lower utility costs."

Eligible applicants for Housing Preservation Grants include town or county
governments, public agencies, federally recognized Indian Tribes, and non-profit
and faith-based organizations.

Last year, USDA provided Housing Preservation Grants for 107 projects in 46
states and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. In Michigan, Alpena County, the
Mid-Michigan Community Action Agency and Northwest

Michigan Community Action Agency received a combined total of $92,730 last year
to help rural families repair and rehabilitate their homes.

The USDA is making up to $3.3 million in grants available in the fiscal year
2015. Pre-applications are due by 5 p.m. on July 6, 2015.

For additional eligibility information, contact USDA Rural Development
Multi-Family Housing in Michigan at 517-324-5194 or see page 28943 of the May
20, 2015 Federal Register.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: People

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BEL

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2015 The Antrim Review


                              17 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 6, 1987, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

City Loses 2, Saves 11 Housing Grants

BYLINE: By ANTHONY DePALMA

SECTION: Section 8; Page 20, Column 5; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 417 words


UNLESS Congress approves an extension, New York City has lost two Federal
housing grants worth $4.9 million because it failed to meet a 36-month deadline
for starting construction.

Work did begin on 11 other Federal housing grants - totaling $22.7 million -
before the deadline last Monday and therefore the grants were protected.

The grants were part of the first round approved under a new Federal program in
1984. New York's 13 grants made it the largest number given to any one city.

The money subsidizeshousing rehabilitation or new construction undertaken by
private developers who agree to rent or sell at least 20 percent of the
dwellings to families with low incomes.

Through last month, housing officials knew the city would have trouble meeting
the deadline on at least a few of the projects. Working frantically over the
last two weeks of November, officials at the city's Department of Housing
Preservation and Development were able to bring together the documentation
needed by Washington and work out final details of complex financing packages,
which include city and state money in addition to the federal grants.

To secure the grants, work had to have begun on the projects by the deadline.
City officials said crews worked over the weekend to start cleaning up or making
initial preparations at 11 of the 13 projects sites.

However, at this point it seems two grants are lost. One, for $1.1 million, was
to have been used for a 66-unit rehab in Prospect Heights, Brooklyn.

The other, for $3.8 million, would have been used to redevelop a 224-unit
apartment complex at 1950 Andrews Avenue in the Bronx.

The largest of the 13 grants, $8 million for a 257-unit building to be
constructed on Stuyvesant Avenue in Staten Island, had been considered
threatened. But city officials said the private developer involved, Martin
Wiese, worked directly with the Federal Department of Housing and Urban
Development to get the necessary approvals at the last minute. Mark A. Willis,
deputy commissioner for development at the Department of Housing Preservation
and Development, said bulldozers are at the site and work has begun.

Representative Bill Green, Republican of Manhattan, has introduced an amendment
to a continuing resolution on the Federal budget that would extend the housing
grants for another year. Mr. Willis said that if Congress approves the
resolution, the two lost grants could be recovered and transferred to other
projects with better chances of going forward.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                              18 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            November 15, 2013 Friday

Our opinion: Congress must pass the Farm Bill

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 721 words


While a conference committee in Congress works out a compromise for a new Farm
Bill, several organizations here in Vermont are benefiting from a small slice of
the existing Farm Bill pie.

Vermont's congressional delegation on Thursday announced $350,000 in grants
awarded to four organizations across the state to improve housing conditions for
limited income rural residents. The grants are part of the $3.8 million released
by the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development's Housing Preservation
Grant program. Vermont's allocation of nearly 9 percent of the total grant
awards makes it the second largest recipient in the country.

The grant recipients are: $100,000 to the Vermont Center for Independent Living
for repair and code compliance of very low income homes; $50,000 to the
Southeastern Vermont Community Action Program to resolve serious health and
safety issues and weatherization; $100,000 to Rural Edge for repair and
compliance to housing standards; and $100,000 to the Northeast Employment and
Training Organization for repair, weatherization and compliance to housing
standards.

"These lifeline investments in housing improvements will make lives and
communities better," U.S. Sens. Patrick Leahy, D-Vt., and Bernie Sanders, I-Vt.,
and U.S. Rep. Peter Welch, D-Vt., said in a joint statement.

The Congressmen noted that most of the grants were designated to the Northeast
Kingdom of Vermont -- Caledonia, Essex and Orleans counties -- as a Rural
Economic Area Partnership Zone, a USDA Rural Development designation recognizing
the unique rural nature of a region.

In the 2013 Senate Farm Bill, Leahy fought to continue the REAP Zone
authorization that has been so successful in establishing collaborative and
citizen-led efforts to enhance economic development. As the senior most member
of the Senate Agriculture Committee and a conferee in the 2013 Farm Bill
conference, Leahy says he will continue to fight for a balanced Farm Bill that
preserves the REAP Zone authorization.

As we noted above, however, REAP Zone authorization and the Housing Preservation
Grant Program are only a small part of the Farm Bill. The biggest challenge the
conference committee faces is the issue of the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance
Program, or food stamps, which account for the bulk of spending in the $500
billion bill.

The Senate wants $4 billion cut from the program while the House is proposing a
$40 billion cut.

Roughly one in seven Americans receive food stamps to assist in purchasing basic
foodstuffs. Enrollment has doubled since 2004 and the cost of the program has
nearly tripled. Republicans such as House Majority Leader Eric Cantor say the
program is an unaffordable burden while defenders say the high enrollment is a
sign of a weak economic recovery, according to a Reuters report.

A huge cut to the food stamp program, as the House is proposing, would be
devastating to those millions of Americans who rely on it to buy food for their
families. Failure to pass any Farm Bill at all, however, would have even broader
ramifications.

Without a new law, U.S. farm policy will be dictated by an underlying 1938
permanent law that would bring back the concept of "price parity" which led to
sharply higher guaranteed crop prices, Barry Flinchbaugh, a Kansas State
University agricultural economist, told Reuters. That could lead to higher food
prices, while at the same time cutting the food stamp program that helps
lower-income Americans pay for groceries.

"Consumers are the biggest losers without a farm bill," Flinchbaugh said.

Farmers who rely on subsidies and crop support rates to keep their farms
financially viable are also eagerly awaiting a successful outcome of the
conference committee.

The announcement of the USDA's Housing Preservation Grants provides just one
more example of how valuable the Farm Bill is and how it affects the lives and
livelihood of so many Americans across the country.

"USDA's Housing Preservation Grant Program helps ensure Vermonters have access
to safe and affordable homes, a bedrock of community and economic development
that helps our rural economies thrive," said USDA Rural Development State
Director Ted Brady said in a statement.

As he said, these funds are another reason why Congress must get a comprehensive
Food, Farm and Jobs Bill passed as soon as possible.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Deming Headlight (New Mexico)

                           November 22, 2016 Tuesday
                                   1 Edition

Columbus gets $50,000 grant for housing

BYLINE: By, For the Headlight

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 241 words


ALBUQUERQUE, NM - USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner announced
a grant of $50,000 to Tierra del Sol Housing, Inc. to make improvements to six
homes in Columbus and Anthony, NM.

The funds were made available through USDA Rural Development's Housing
Preservation Grant Program which provides financial support in the form of a
grant to help non-profits and public entities make repairs to existing housing
for low income residents in rural communities.

"Making sure quality, affordable housing options exist is essential to the
sustainability of our rural communities," Brunner said. "This investment made by
USDA will help Tierra del Sol, a local housing organization, continue its
supportive work in the communities of Columbus and Anthony."

The funding is part of the USDA Housing Preservation Grant Program which allows
public and non-profit entities to access grant funds to rehabilitate homes for
low income residents in rural areas.

For those non-profits interested in accessing the program, visit USDA's website
at www.usda.gov or call the Rural Development State Office in Albuquerque at
505-761-4952.

These investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: dnm


                        Copyright 2016 Deming Headlight
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 29, 2015 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Solicitation of Applications for the Section 533
Housing Preservation Grants for Fiscal Year 2016

LENGTH: 5454  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



   DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Housing Service Notice of Solicitation of
Applications for the Section 533 Housing Preservation Grants for Fiscal Year
2016 ACTION: Notice.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Housing Service (RHS), an Agency within Rural Development, announces
that it is soliciting competitive applications under its Housing Preservation
Grant (HPG) program. This action is taken to comply with Agency regulations
found in 7 CFR part 1944, subpart N, which requires the Agency to announce the
opening and closing dates for receipt of pre-applications for HPG funds from
eligible applicants. DATES: The closing deadline for receipt of all
pre-applications in response to this Notice is 5:00 p.m., local time for each
Rural Development State Office on February 12, 2016. Rural Development State
Office locations can be found at:

http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. The application should be
submitted to the Rural Development State Office where the project will be
located. If submitting the pre-application in electronic format, the closing
deadline for receipt is 5:00 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time on February 12, 2016.
The application closing deadline [[Page 81280]] is firm as to date and hour. RHS
will not consider any application that is received after the closing deadline.
Applicants intending to mail applications must provide sufficient time to permit
delivery on or before the closing deadline date and time. Acceptance by the
United States Postal Service or private mailer does not constitute delivery.
Facsimile (FAX) and postage due applications will not be accepted. FOR FURTHER
INFORMATION CONTACT: For general information, applicants may contact Jeaneane
Shelton, Finance and Loan Analyst, Multi-Family Housing Preservation and Direct
Loan Division, USDA Rural Development, STOP 0781, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-0781, telephone (202) 720-5443 (voice) (this is not a toll
free number) or (800) 877-8339 (TDD-Federal Information Relay Service) or via
email at, jeaneane.shelton@wdc.usda.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Overview
Federal Agency Name: USDA Rural Housing Service. Funding Opportunity Title:
Housing Preservation Grants. Announcement Type: Notice. Catalog of Federal
Domestic Assistance Number: 10.433. Dates: February 12, 2016. Paperwork
Reduction Act The reporting requirements contained in this Notice have been
approved by the Office of Management and Budget under Control Number 0575-0115.
A. Program Description The HPG program is a grant program, authorized under 42
U.S.C. 1490m and implemented at 7 CFR part 1944, subpart N, which provides
qualified public agencies, private non-profit organizations including, but not
limited to, faith-based and neighborhood partnerships, and other eligible
entities, grant funds to assist low- and very low-income homeowners in repairing
and rehabilitating their homes in rural areas. In addition, the HPG program
assists rental property owners and cooperative housing complexes in rural areas
in repairing and rehabilitating their units if they agree to make such units
available to low- and very low-income persons. B. Federal Award Information The
funding instrument for the HPG program will be a grant agreement. The term of
the grant can vary from 1 to 2 years, depending on available funds and demand.
No maximum or minimum grant levels have been established at the National level.
In accordance with 7 CFR 1944.652, coordination and leveraging of funding for
repair and rehabilitation activities with housing and community development
organizations or activities operating in the same geographic area are expected,
but not required. You should contact the Rural Development State Office to
determine the allocation. HPG applicants who were previously selected for HPG
funds are eligible to submit new applications to apply for Fiscal Year (FY) 2016
HPG program funds. New HPG applications must be submitted for the renewal or
supplementation of existing HPG repair and/or rehabilitation projects that will
be completed with FY 2016 HPG funds. For FY 2016, the amount of funding
available for the HPG Program can be found at the following link:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/housing-preservation-grants. Priorities
such as Rural Economic Area Partnership Zones and other funds will be
distributed under a formula allocation to states pursuant to 7 CFR part 1940,
subpart L, ``Methodology and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant Program
Funds.'' Decisions on funding will be based on pre-application scores. Anyone
interested in submitting an application for funding under this program is
encouraged to consult the Rural Development Web site periodically for updated
information regarding the status of funding authorized for this program. The
commitment of program dollars will be made to selected applicants that have
fulfilled the necessary requirements for obligation. C. Eligibility Information
1. Eligible Applicants. Eligible entities for these competitively awarded grants
include state and local governments, non-profit corporations, which may include,
but not be limited to faith-based and community organizations, Federally
recognized Indian tribes, and consortia of eligible entities. HPG applicants who
were previously selected for HPG funds are eligible to submit new applications
to apply for FY 2016 HPG program funds. More eligibility requirements can be
found at 7 CFR 1944.658, 1944.661, and 1944.662. 2. Cost Sharing or Matching.
Pursuant to 7 CFR 1944.652, grantees are expected to coordinate and leverage
funding for repair and rehabilitation activities, as well as replacement
housing, with housing and community development organizations or activities
operating in the same geographic area. While HPG funds may be leveraged with
other resources, cost sharing or matching is not a requirement that the HPG
applicant do so as the HPG applicant would not be denied an award of HPG funds
if all other project selection criteria have been met. 3. Other. Awards made
under this Notice are subject to the provisions contained in the Consolidated
and Further Appropriations Act 2015, Pub.L. 113-235, sections 738 and 739
regarding corporate felony convictions and corporate Federal tax delinquencies.
To comply with these provisions, only selected applicants that are or propose to
be corporations will submit this form as part of their pre-application. Form
AD-3030 can be found here: http://www.ocio.usda.gov/document/ad3030. D.
Application and Submission Information 1. Address to Request Application
Package: Applicants wishing to submit a paper application in response to this
Notice must contact the Rural Development State Office serving the State of the
proposed HPG housing project in order to receive further information and copies
of the paper application package. You may find the addresses and contact
information for each State Office following this web link,
http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. Rural Development will date and
time stamp incoming paper applications to evidence timely receipt and, upon
request, will provide the applicant with a written acknowledgment of receipt.
You may access the electronic grant pre- application for Housing Preservation
Grants at: http://www.grants.gov. 2. Content and Form of Application: 7 CFR part
1944, subpart N provides details on what information must be contained in the
pre- application package. Entities wishing to apply for assistance should
contact the Rural Development State Office to receive further information, the
State allocation of funds, and copies of the pre- application package. Unless
otherwise noted, applicants wishing to apply for assistance must make its
statement of activities available to the public for comment. The applicant(s)
must announce the availability of its statement of activities for review in a
newspaper of general circulation in the project area and allow at least 15 days
for public comment. The start of this 15-day period must occur no later than 16
days prior to the last day for acceptance of pre-applications by the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA)-Rural Development. Federally recognized Indian
tribes, pursuant to 7 CFR 1944.674, are exempt from the [[Page 81281]]
requirement to consult with local leaders including announcing the availability
of its statement of activities for review in a newspaper. All applicants will
file an original and two copies of Standard Form (SF) 424, ``Application for
Federal Assistance,'' and supporting information with the appropriate Rural
Development State Office. A pre- application package, including SF-424, is
available in any Rural Development State Office. All pre-applications shall be
accompanied by the following information which Rural Development will use to
determine the applicant's eligibility to undertake the HPG program and to
evaluate the pre-application under the project selection criteria of 7 CFR
1944.679. (a) A statement of activities proposed by the applicant for its HPG
program as appropriate to the type of assistance the applicant is proposing,
including: (1) A complete discussion of the type of and conditions for financial
assistance for housing preservation, including whether the request for
assistance is for a homeowner assistance program, a rental property assistance
program, or a cooperative assistance program; (2) The process for selecting
recipients for HPG assistance, determining housing preservation needs of the
dwelling, performing the necessary work, and monitoring/inspecting work
performed; (3) A description of the process for identifying potential
environmental impacts in accordance with 7 CFR 1944.672 and the provisions for
compliance with Stipulation I, A-G of the Programmatic Memorandum of Agreement,
also known as PMOA, (RD Instruction 2000-FF, available in any Rural Development
State Office) in accordance with 7 CFR 1944.673(b); (4) The development
standard(s) the applicant will use for the housing preservation work; and, if
not the Rural Development standards for existing dwellings, the evidence of its
acceptance by the jurisdiction where the grant will be implemented; (5) The time
schedule for completing the program; (6) The staffing required to complete the
program; (7) The estimated number of very low- and low-income minority and
nonminority persons the grantee will assist with HPG funds; and, if a rental
property or cooperative assistance program, the number of units and the term of
restrictive covenants on their use for very low- and low-income; (8) The
geographical area(s) to be served by the HPG program; (9) The annual estimated
budget for the program period based on the financial needs to accomplish the
objectives outlined in the proposal. The budget should include proposed direct
and indirect administrative costs, such as personnel, fringe benefits, travel,
equipment, supplies, contracts, and other cost categories, detailing those costs
for which the grantee proposes to use the HPG grant separately from non-HPG
resources, if any. The applicant budget should also include a schedule (with
amounts) of how the applicant proposes to draw HPG grant funds, i.e., monthly,
quarterly, lump sum for program activities, etc.; (10) A copy of an indirect
cost proposal when the applicant has another source of Federal funding in
addition to the Rural Development HPG program; (11) A brief description of the
accounting system to be used; (12) The method of evaluation to be used by the
applicant to determine the effectiveness of its program which encompasses the
requirements for quarterly reports to Rural Development in accordance with 7 CFR
1944.683(b) and the monitoring plan for rental properties and cooperatives (when
applicable) according to 7 CFR 1944.689; (13) The source and estimated amount of
other financial resources to be obtained and used by the applicant for both HPG
activities and housing development and/or supporting activities; (14) The use of
program income, if any, and the tracking system used for monitoring same; (15)
The applicant's plan for disposition of any security instruments held by them as
a result of its HPG activities in the event of its loss of legal status; (16)
Any other information necessary to explain the proposed HPG program; and (17)
The outreach efforts outlined in 7 CFR 1944.671(b). (b) Complete information
about the applicant's experience and capacity to carry out the objectives of the
proposed HPG program. (c) Evidence of the applicant's legal existence,
including, in the case of a private non-profit organization, which may include,
but not be limited to, faith-based and community organizations, a copy of, or an
accurate reference to, the specific provisions of State law under which the
applicant is organized; a certified copy of the applicant's Articles of
Incorporation and Bylaws or other evidence of corporate existence; certificate
of incorporation for other than public bodies; evidence of good standing from
the State when the corporation has been in existence 1 year or more; and the
names and addresses of the applicant's members, directors and officers. If other
organizations are members of the applicant-organization, or the applicant is a
consortium, pre-applications should be accompanied by the names, addresses, and
principal purpose of the other organizations. If the applicant is a consortium,
documentation showing compliance with paragraph (4)(ii) under the definition of
``organization'' in 7 CFR 1944.656 must also be included. (d) For a private
non-profit entity, which may include, but not be limited to, faith-based and
community organizations, the most recent audited statement and a current
financial statement dated and signed by an authorized officer of the entity
showing the amounts and specific nature of assets and liabilities together with
information on the repayment schedule and status of any debt(s) owed by the
applicant. (e) A brief narrative statement which includes information about the
area to be served and the need for improved housing (including both percentage
and the actual number of both low-income and low-income minority households and
substandard housing), the need for the type of housing preservation assistance
being proposed, the anticipated use of HPG resources for historic properties,
the method of evaluation to be used by the applicant in determining the
effectiveness of its efforts. (f) A statement containing the component for
alleviating any overcrowding as defined by 7 CFR 1944.656. (g) Applicant must
submit an original and one copy of Form RD 1940- 20, ``Request for Environmental
Information,'' prepared in accordance with Exhibit F-1 of RD Instruction 1944-N
(available in any Rural Development State Office). (h) Applicant must also
submit a description of its process for: (1) Identifying and rehabilitating
properties listed on or eligible for listing on the National Register of
Historic Places; (2) Identifying properties that are located in a floodplain or
wetland; (3) Identifying properties located within the Coastal Barrier Resources
System; and (4) Coordinating with other public and private organizations and
programs that provide assistance in the rehabilitation of historic properties
(Stipulation I, D, of the PMOA, RD [[Page 81282]] Instruction 2000-FF, available
as an electronic document and in any Rural Development State Office). (i) The
applicant must also submit evidence of the State Historic Preservation Office's,
(SHPO), concurrence in the proposal, or in the event of non-concurrence, a copy
of SHPO's comments together with evidence that the applicant has received the
Advisory Council on Historic Preservation's advice as to how the disagreement
might be resolved, and a copy of any advice provided by the Council. (j) The
applicant must submit written statements and related correspondence reflecting
compliance with 7 CFR 1944.674(a) and (c) regarding consultation with local
government leaders in the preparation of its program and the consultation with
local and state government pursuant to the provisions of Executive Order 12372.
(k) The applicant is to make its statement of activities available to the public
for comment prior to submission to Rural Development pursuant to 7 CFR
1944.674(b). The application must contain a description of how the comments (if
any were received) were addressed. (1) The applicant must submit an original and
one copy of Form RD 400-1, ``Equal Opportunity Agreement,'' and Form RD 400-4,
``Assurance Agreement,'' in accordance with 7 CFR 1944.676. Applicants should
review 7 CFR part 1944, subpart N for a comprehensive list of all application
requirements. 3. Address unique entity identifier and System for Award
Management (SAM). As part of the application, all applicants, except for
individuals or agencies excepted under 2 CFR 25.110(d), must be: (1) Registered
in the System for Award Management (SAM); (2) provide a valid unique entity
identifier in its applications; and (3) maintain an active SAM registration with
current information at all times during which it has an active Federal award or
application. An award may not be made to the applicant until the applicant has
complied with the unique entity identifier and SAM requirements. 4.
Intergovernmental Review Intergovernmental Review. The HPG program is subject to
the provisions of Executive Order 12372, which requires intergovernmental
consultation with State and local officials. 5. Funding Restrictions. There are
no limits on proposed direct and indirect costs. Expenses incurred in developing
pre-applications will be at the applicant's risk. 6. Other Submission
Requirements. To comply with the President's Management Agenda, the Department
of Agriculture is participating as a partner in the Government-wide Grants.gov
site. Housing Preservation Grants [Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance
#10.433] is one of the programs included at this Web site. If you are an
applicant under the Housing Preservation Grant program, you may submit your
pre-application to the Agency in either electronic or paper format. Please be
mindful that the pre-application deadline for electronic format differs from the
deadline for paper format. The electronic format deadline will be based on
Eastern Standard Time. The paper format deadline is local time for each Rural
Development State Office. Users of Grants.gov will be able to download a copy of
the pre- application package, complete it off line, and then upload and submit
the application via the Grants.gov site. You may not email an electronic copy of
a grant pre-application to USDA Rural Development; however, the Agency
encourages your participation in Grants.gov. The following are useful tips and
instructions on how to use the Web site:  When you enter the Grants.gov site,
you will find

 information about submitting an application electronically through the

 site as well as the hours of operation. USDA Rural Development strongly

 recommends that you do not wait until the application deadline date to

 begin the application process through Grants.gov. To use Grants.gov,

 applicants must have a DUNS number.

      You may submit all documents electronically through the

 Web site, including all information typically included on the

 Application for Rural Housing Preservation Grants, and all necessary

 assurances and certifications.

      After you electronically submit your application through

 the Web site, you will receive an automatic acknowledgement from

 Grants.gov that contains a Grants.gov tracking number.

      RHS may request that you provide original signatures on

 forms at a later date.

      If you experience technical difficulties on the closing

 date and are unable to meet the 5:00 p.m. (Eastern Standard Time)

 deadline, print out your application and submit it to your State

 Office, you must meet the closing date and local time deadline.

      Please note that you must locate the downloadable

 application package for this program by the CFDA Number or FedGrants

 Funding Opportunity Number, which can be found at http://www.grants.gov.

     In addition to the electronic pre- application at the http://www.grants.gov
Web site, all applicants must complete and submit the FY

 2016 pre-application package, detailed later in this Notice, for

 Section 533 HPG. A copy of a suggested coversheet is included with this

 Notice. Applicants are encouraged to submit this pre-application

 coversheet electronically by accessing the Web site:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/housing-preservation-grants. Click on

 the Forms & Resources tab to access the ``FY 2016 Pre-application for

 Section 533 Housing Preservation Grants (HPG).''

     Applicants are encouraged but not required, to also provide an

 electronic copy of all hard copy forms and documents submitted in the

 pre-application/application package as requested by this Notice. The

 forms and documents must be submitted as read-only Adobe Acrobat PDF

 files on an electronic media such as CDs, DVDs or USB drives. For each

 electronic device that you submit, you must include a Table of Contents

 listing all of the documents and forms on that device. The electronic

 medium must be submitted to the local Rural Development State Office

 where the project will be located.



     Please Note: If you receive a loan or grant award under this

 Notice, USDA reserves the right to post all information that is not

 protected by the Privacy Act submitted as part of the pre-

 application/application package on a public Web site with free and

 open access to any member of the public.



 E. Application Review Information



     1. Criteria. All paper applications for Section 533 funds must be

 filed with the appropriate Rural Development State Office and all paper

 or electronic applications must meet the requirements of this Notice

 and 7 CFR part 1944, subpart N. Pre-applications determined not

 eligible and/or not meeting the selection criteria will be notified by

 the Rural Development State Office.

     2. Review and Selection Process. The Rural Development State

 Offices will utilize the following threshold project selection criteria

 for applicants in accordance with 7 CFR 1944.679:

     (a) Providing a financially feasible program of housing

 preservation assistance. ``Financially feasible'' is defined as

 proposed assistance which will be affordable to the intended recipient

 or result in affordable housing for very low- and low-income persons.

     (b) Serving eligible rural areas with a concentration of

 substandard housing for households with very low- and low-income.



 [[Page 81283]]



     (c) Being an eligible applicant as defined in 7 CFR 1944.658.

     (d) Meeting the requirements of consultation and public comment in

 accordance with 7 CFR 1944.674.

     (e) Submitting a complete pre-application as outlined in 7 CFR

 1944.676.

     3. Scoring. For applicants meeting all of the requirements listed

 above, the Rural Development State Offices will use weighted criteria

 in accordance with 7 CFR part 1944, subpart N as selection for the

 grant recipients. Each pre-application and its accompanying statement

 of activities will be evaluated and, based solely on the information

 contained in the pre-application, the applicant's proposal will be

 numerically rated on each criteria within the range provided. The

 highest-ranking applicant(s) will be selected based on allocation of

 funds available to the state.

     (a) Points are awarded based on the percentage of very low-income

 persons that the applicant proposes to assist, using the following

 scale:









 (1) More than 80%........................  20 points.

 (2) 61% to 80%...........................  15 points.

 (3) 41% to 60%...........................  10 points.

 (4) 20% to 40%...........................  5 points.

 (5) Less than 20%........................  0 points.





     (b) The applicant's proposal may be expected to result in the

 following percentage of HPG fund use (excluding administrative costs)

 to total cost of unit preservation. This percentage reflects maximum

 repair or rehabilitation with the least possible HPG funds due to

 leveraging, innovative financial assistance, owner's contribution or

 other specified approaches. Points are awarded based on the following

 percentage of HPG funds (excluding administrative costs) to total

 funds:









 (1) 50% or less..........................  20 points.

 (2) 51% to 65%...........................  15 points.

 (3) 66% to 80%...........................  10 points.

 (4) 81% to 95%...........................  5 points.

 (5) 96% to 100%..........................  0 points.





     (c) The applicant has demonstrated its administrative capacity in

 assisting very low- and low-income persons to obtain adequate housing

 based on the following:

     (1) The organization or a member of its staff has at least one or

 more years experience successfully managing and operating a

 rehabilitation or weatherization type program: 10 points.

     (2) The organization or a member of its staff has at least one or

 more years experience successfully managing and operating a program

 assisting very low- and low-income persons obtain housing assistance:

 10 points.

     (3) If the organization has administered grant programs, there are

 no outstanding or unresolved audit or investigative findings which

 might impair carrying out the proposal: 10 points.

     (d) The proposed program will be undertaken entirely in rural areas

 outside Metropolitan Statistical Areas, also known as MSAs, identified

 by Rural Development as having populations below 10,000 or in remote

 parts of other rural areas (i.e., rural areas contained in MSAs with

 less than 5,000 population) as defined in 7 CFR 1944.656: 10 points.

     (e) The program will use less than 20 percent of HPG funds for

 administration purposes:









 (1) More than 20%........................  Not eligible.

 (2) 20%..................................  0 points.

 (3) 19%..................................  1 point.

 (4) 18%..................................  2 points.

 (5) 17%..................................  3 points.

 (6) 16%..................................  4 points.

 (7) 15% or less..........................  5 points.





     (f) The proposed program contains a component for alleviating

 overcrowding as defined in 7 CFR 1944.656: 5 points.

     In the event more than one pre-application receives the same amount

 of points, those pre-applications will then be ranked based on the

 actual percentage figure used for determining the points. Further, in

 the event that pre-applications are still tied, then those pre-

 applications still tied will be ranked based on the percentage for HPG

 fund use (low to high). Further, for applications where assistance to

 rental properties or cooperatives is proposed, those still tied will be

 further ranked based on the number of years the units are available for

 occupancy under the program (a minimum of 5 years is required). For

 this part, ranking will be based from most to least number of years.

     Finally, if there is still a tie, then a lottery system will be

 used. After the award selections are made, all applicants will be

 notified of the status of their applications by mail.



 F. Federal Award Administration Information



     1. Federal Award Notices. The Agency will notify, in writing,

 applicants whose pre-applications have been selected for funding. At

 the time of notification, the Agency will advise the applicant what

 further information and documentation is required along with a timeline

 for submitting the additional information. If the Agency determines it

 is unable to select the application for funding, the applicant will be

 so informed in writing. Such notification will include the reasons the

 applicant was not selected. The Agency will advise applicants, whose

 pre-applications did not meet eligibility and/or selection criteria, of

 their review rights or appeal rights in accordance with 7 CFR 1944.682.

     2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements. Rural

 Development is encouraging applications for projects that will support

 rural areas where, according to the American Community Survey data by

 census tracts, at least 20 percent of the population is living in

 persistent poverty. This emphasis will support Rural Development's

 mission of improving the quality of life for Rural Americans and

 commitment to directing resources to those who most need them. A

 persistent poverty county is a classification for counties in the

 United States that have had a relatively high rate of poverty over a

 long period.

     3. Reporting. Post-award reporting requirements can be found in the

 Grant Agreement.



 G. Non-Discrimination Statement



     The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination

 against its customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the

 basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, sex, gender

 identity, religion, reprisal and where applicable, political beliefs,

 marital status, familial or parental status, religion, sexual

 orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is derived from

 any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in

 employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the

 Department. (Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or

 employment activities.)

     If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of

 discrimination, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form

 (PDF), found online at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or
at any USDA office, or call (866) 632-

 9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing all of

 the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint

 form or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture,

 Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,

 Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax (202) 690-7442 or email at

 program.intake@usda.gov

     Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech

 disabilities and you wish to file either an EEO or program complaint

 please contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339

 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).



 [[Page 81284]]



     Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint,

 please see information above on how to contact us by mail directly or

 by email. If you require alternative means of communication for program

 information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please

 contact USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).



     Dated: December 14, 2015.

 Tony J. Hernandez,

 Administrator, Rural Housing Service.



 Fiscal Year 2016 Pre-Application for Section 533 Housing Preservation

 Grants (HPG) Instructions



     Applicants are encouraged, but not required, to submit this pre-

 application form electronically by accessing the Web site:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/housing-preservation-grants. Click on

 the Forms & Resources tab to access the ``Fiscal Year 2016 Pre-

 application for Section 533 Housing Preservation Grants (HPG).'' Please

 note that electronic submittals are not on a secured Web site. If you

 do not wish to submit the form electronically by clicking on the Send

 Form button, you may still fill out the form, print it and submit it

 with your application package to the State Office. You also have the

 option to save the form, and submit it on an electronic media to the

 State Office.

     Supporting documentation required by this pre-application may be

 attached to the email generated when you click the Send Form button to

 submit the form. However if the attachments are too numerous or large

 in size, the email box will not be able to accept them. In that case,

 submit the supporting documentation for this pre-application to the

 State Office with your complete application package under item IX.

     Documents Submitted, indicate the supporting documents that you are

 submitting either with the pre-application or to the State Office.



 [[Page 81285]]



 [GRAPHIC] [TIFF OMITTED] TN29DE15.000





 [[Page 81286]]





 [GRAPHIC] [TIFF OMITTED] TN29DE15.001





 [[Page 81287]]





 [GRAPHIC] [TIFF OMITTED] TN29DE15.002





 [[Page 81288]]





 [GRAPHIC] [TIFF OMITTED] TN29DE15.003





 [[Page 81289]]





 [GRAPHIC] [TIFF OMITTED] TN29DE15.004





 [[Page 81290]]





 [GRAPHIC] [TIFF OMITTED] TN29DE15.005





 [[Page 81291]]





 [GRAPHIC] [TIFF OMITTED] TN29DE15.006





 [[Page 81292]]





 [GRAPHIC] [TIFF OMITTED] TN29DE15.007



 [FR Doc. 2015-32784 Filed 12-28-15; 8:45 am]

  BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 29, 2015 Tuesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Solicitation of Applications for the Section 533
Housing Preservation Grants for Fiscal Year 2016

LENGTH: 5454  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:



   DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Housing Service Notice of Solicitation of
Applications for the Section 533 Housing Preservation Grants for Fiscal Year
2016 ACTION: Notice.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Housing Service (RHS), an Agency within Rural Development, announces
that it is soliciting competitive applications under its Housing Preservation
Grant (HPG) program. This action is taken to comply with Agency regulations
found in 7 CFR part 1944, subpart N, which requires the Agency to announce the
opening and closing dates for receipt of pre-applications for HPG funds from
eligible applicants. DATES: The closing deadline for receipt of all
pre-applications in response to this Notice is 5:00 p.m., local time for each
Rural Development State Office on February 12, 2016. Rural Development State
Office locations can be found at:

http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. The application should be
submitted to the Rural Development State Office where the project will be
located. If submitting the pre-application in electronic format, the closing
deadline for receipt is 5:00 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time on February 12, 2016.
The application closing deadline [[Page 81280]] is firm as to date and hour. RHS
will not consider any application that is received after the closing deadline.
Applicants intending to mail applications must provide sufficient time to permit
delivery on or before the closing deadline date and time. Acceptance by the
United States Postal Service or private mailer does not constitute delivery.
Facsimile (FAX) and postage due applications will not be accepted. FOR FURTHER
INFORMATION CONTACT: For general information, applicants may contact Jeaneane
Shelton, Finance and Loan Analyst, Multi-Family Housing Preservation and Direct
Loan Division, USDA Rural Development, STOP 0781, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-0781, telephone (202) 720-5443 (voice) (this is not a toll
free number) or (800) 877-8339 (TDD-Federal Information Relay Service) or via
email at, jeaneane.shelton@wdc.usda.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Overview
Federal Agency Name: USDA Rural Housing Service. Funding Opportunity Title:
Housing Preservation Grants. Announcement Type: Notice. Catalog of Federal
Domestic Assistance Number: 10.433. Dates: February 12, 2016. Paperwork
Reduction Act The reporting requirements contained in this Notice have been
approved by the Office of Management and Budget under Control Number 0575-0115.
A. Program Description The HPG program is a grant program, authorized under 42
U.S.C. 1490m and implemented at 7 CFR part 1944, subpart N, which provides
qualified public agencies, private non-profit organizations including, but not
limited to, faith-based and neighborhood partnerships, and other eligible
entities, grant funds to assist low- and very low-income homeowners in repairing
and rehabilitating their homes in rural areas. In addition, the HPG program
assists rental property owners and cooperative housing complexes in rural areas
in repairing and rehabilitating their units if they agree to make such units
available to low- and very low-income persons. B. Federal Award Information The
funding instrument for the HPG program will be a grant agreement. The term of
the grant can vary from 1 to 2 years, depending on available funds and demand.
No maximum or minimum grant levels have been established at the National level.
In accordance with 7 CFR 1944.652, coordination and leveraging of funding for
repair and rehabilitation activities with housing and community development
organizations or activities operating in the same geographic area are expected,
but not required. You should contact the Rural Development State Office to
determine the allocation. HPG applicants who were previously selected for HPG
funds are eligible to submit new applications to apply for Fiscal Year (FY) 2016
HPG program funds. New HPG applications must be submitted for the renewal or
supplementation of existing HPG repair and/or rehabilitation projects that will
be completed with FY 2016 HPG funds. For FY 2016, the amount of funding
available for the HPG Program can be found at the following link:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/housing-preservation-grants. Priorities
such as Rural Economic Area Partnership Zones and other funds will be
distributed under a formula allocation to states pursuant to 7 CFR part 1940,
subpart L, ``Methodology and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant Program
Funds.'' Decisions on funding will be based on pre-application scores. Anyone
interested in submitting an application for funding under this program is
encouraged to consult the Rural Development Web site periodically for updated
information regarding the status of funding authorized for this program. The
commitment of program dollars will be made to selected applicants that have
fulfilled the necessary requirements for obligation. C. Eligibility Information
1. Eligible Applicants. Eligible entities for these competitively awarded grants
include state and local governments, non-profit corporations, which may include,
but not be limited to faith-based and community organizations, Federally
recognized Indian tribes, and consortia of eligible entities. HPG applicants who
were previously selected for HPG funds are eligible to submit new applications
to apply for FY 2016 HPG program funds. More eligibility requirements can be
found at 7 CFR 1944.658, 1944.661, and 1944.662. 2. Cost Sharing or Matching.
Pursuant to 7 CFR 1944.652, grantees are expected to coordinate and leverage
funding for repair and rehabilitation activities, as well as replacement
housing, with housing and community development organizations or activities
operating in the same geographic area. While HPG funds may be leveraged with
other resources, cost sharing or matching is not a requirement that the HPG
applicant do so as the HPG applicant would not be denied an award of HPG funds
if all other project selection criteria have been met. 3. Other. Awards made
under this Notice are subject to the provisions contained in the Consolidated
and Further Appropriations Act 2015, Pub.L. 113-235, sections 738 and 739
regarding corporate felony convictions and corporate Federal tax delinquencies.
To comply with these provisions, only selected applicants that are or propose to
be corporations will submit this form as part of their pre-application. Form
AD-3030 can be found here: http://www.ocio.usda.gov/document/ad3030. D.
Application and Submission Information 1. Address to Request Application
Package: Applicants wishing to submit a paper application in response to this
Notice must contact the Rural Development State Office serving the State of the
proposed HPG housing project in order to receive further information and copies
of the paper application package. You may find the addresses and contact
information for each State Office following this web link,
http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. Rural Development will date and
time stamp incoming paper applications to evidence timely receipt and, upon
request, will provide the applicant with a written acknowledgment of receipt.
You may access the electronic grant pre- application for Housing Preservation
Grants at: http://www.grants.gov. 2. Content and Form of Application: 7 CFR part
1944, subpart N provides details on what information must be contained in the
pre- application package. Entities wishing to apply for assistance should
contact the Rural Development State Office to receive further information, the
State allocation of funds, and copies of the pre- application package. Unless
otherwise noted, applicants wishing to apply for assistance must make its
statement of activities available to the public for comment. The applicant(s)
must announce the availability of its statement of activities for review in a
newspaper of general circulation in the project area and allow at least 15 days
for public comment. The start of this 15-day period must occur no later than 16
days prior to the last day for acceptance of pre-applications by the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (USDA)-Rural Development. Federally recognized Indian
tribes, pursuant to 7 CFR 1944.674, are exempt from the [[Page 81281]]
requirement to consult with local leaders including announcing the availability
of its statement of activities for review in a newspaper. All applicants will
file an original and two copies of Standard Form (SF) 424, ``Application for
Federal Assistance,'' and supporting information with the appropriate Rural
Development State Office. A pre- application package, including SF-424, is
available in any Rural Development State Office. All pre-applications shall be
accompanied by the following information which Rural Development will use to
determine the applicant's eligibility to undertake the HPG program and to
evaluate the pre-application under the project selection criteria of 7 CFR
1944.679. (a) A statement of activities proposed by the applicant for its HPG
program as appropriate to the type of assistance the applicant is proposing,
including: (1) A complete discussion of the type of and conditions for financial
assistance for housing preservation, including whether the request for
assistance is for a homeowner assistance program, a rental property assistance
program, or a cooperative assistance program; (2) The process for selecting
recipients for HPG assistance, determining housing preservation needs of the
dwelling, performing the necessary work, and monitoring/inspecting work
performed; (3) A description of the process for identifying potential
environmental impacts in accordance with 7 CFR 1944.672 and the provisions for
compliance with Stipulation I, A-G of the Programmatic Memorandum of Agreement,
also known as PMOA, (RD Instruction 2000-FF, available in any Rural Development
State Office) in accordance with 7 CFR 1944.673(b); (4) The development
standard(s) the applicant will use for the housing preservation work; and, if
not the Rural Development standards for existing dwellings, the evidence of its
acceptance by the jurisdiction where the grant will be implemented; (5) The time
schedule for completing the program; (6) The staffing required to complete the
program; (7) The estimated number of very low- and low-income minority and
nonminority persons the grantee will assist with HPG funds; and, if a rental
property or cooperative assistance program, the number of units and the term of
restrictive covenants on their use for very low- and low-income; (8) The
geographical area(s) to be served by the HPG program; (9) The annual estimated
budget for the program period based on the financial needs to accomplish the
objectives outlined in the proposal. The budget should include proposed direct
and indirect administrative costs, such as personnel, fringe benefits, travel,
equipment, supplies, contracts, and other cost categories, detailing those costs
for which the grantee proposes to use the HPG grant separately from non-HPG
resources, if any. The applicant budget should also include a schedule (with
amounts) of how the applicant proposes to draw HPG grant funds, i.e., monthly,
quarterly, lump sum for program activities, etc.; (10) A copy of an indirect
cost proposal when the applicant has another source of Federal funding in
addition to the Rural Development HPG program; (11) A brief description of the
accounting system to be used; (12) The method of evaluation to be used by the
applicant to determine the effectiveness of its program which encompasses the
requirements for quarterly reports to Rural Development in accordance with 7 CFR
1944.683(b) and the monitoring plan for rental properties and cooperatives (when
applicable) according to 7 CFR 1944.689; (13) The source and estimated amount of
other financial resources to be obtained and used by the applicant for both HPG
activities and housing development and/or supporting activities; (14) The use of
program income, if any, and the tracking system used for monitoring same; (15)
The applicant's plan for disposition of any security instruments held by them as
a result of its HPG activities in the event of its loss of legal status; (16)
Any other information necessary to explain the proposed HPG program; and (17)
The outreach efforts outlined in 7 CFR 1944.671(b). (b) Complete information
about the applicant's experience and capacity to carry out the objectives of the
proposed HPG program. (c) Evidence of the applicant's legal existence,
including, in the case of a private non-profit organization, which may include,
but not be limited to, faith-based and community organizations, a copy of, or an
accurate reference to, the specific provisions of State law under which the
applicant is organized; a certified copy of the applicant's Articles of
Incorporation and Bylaws or other evidence of corporate existence; certificate
of incorporation for other than public bodies; evidence of good standing from
the State when the corporation has been in existence 1 year or more; and the
names and addresses of the applicant's members, directors and officers. If other
organizations are members of the applicant-organization, or the applicant is a
consortium, pre-applications should be accompanied by the names, addresses, and
principal purpose of the other organizations. If the applicant is a consortium,
documentation showing compliance with paragraph (4)(ii) under the definition of
``organization'' in 7 CFR 1944.656 must also be included. (d) For a private
non-profit entity, which may include, but not be limited to, faith-based and
community organizations, the most recent audited statement and a current
financial statement dated and signed by an authorized officer of the entity
showing the amounts and specific nature of assets and liabilities together with
information on the repayment schedule and status of any debt(s) owed by the
applicant. (e) A brief narrative statement which includes information about the
area to be served and the need for improved housing (including both percentage
and the actual number of both low-income and low-income minority households and
substandard housing), the need for the type of housing preservation assistance
being proposed, the anticipated use of HPG resources for historic properties,
the method of evaluation to be used by the applicant in determining the
effectiveness of its efforts. (f) A statement containing the component for
alleviating any overcrowding as defined by 7 CFR 1944.656. (g) Applicant must
submit an original and one copy of Form RD 1940- 20, ``Request for Environmental
Information,'' prepared in accordance with Exhibit F-1 of RD Instruction 1944-N
(available in any Rural Development State Office). (h) Applicant must also
submit a description of its process for: (1) Identifying and rehabilitating
properties listed on or eligible for listing on the National Register of
Historic Places; (2) Identifying properties that are located in a floodplain or
wetland; (3) Identifying properties located within the Coastal Barrier Resources
System; and (4) Coordinating with other public and private organizations and
programs that provide assistance in the rehabilitation of historic properties
(Stipulation I, D, of the PMOA, RD [[Page 81282]] Instruction 2000-FF, available
as an electronic document and in any Rural Development State Office). (i) The
applicant must also submit evidence of the State Historic Preservation Office's,
(SHPO), concurrence in the proposal, or in the event of non-concurrence, a copy
of SHPO's comments together with evidence that the applicant has received the
Advisory Council on Historic Preservation's advice as to how the disagreement
might be resolved, and a copy of any advice provided by the Council. (j) The
applicant must submit written statements and related correspondence reflecting
compliance with 7 CFR 1944.674(a) and (c) regarding consultation with local
government leaders in the preparation of its program and the consultation with
local and state government pursuant to the provisions of Executive Order 12372.
(k) The applicant is to make its statement of activities available to the public
for comment prior to submission to Rural Development pursuant to 7 CFR
1944.674(b). The application must contain a description of how the comments (if
any were received) were addressed. (1) The applicant must submit an original and
one copy of Form RD 400-1, ``Equal Opportunity Agreement,'' and Form RD 400-4,
``Assurance Agreement,'' in accordance with 7 CFR 1944.676. Applicants should
review 7 CFR part 1944, subpart N for a comprehensive list of all application
requirements. 3. Address unique entity identifier and System for Award
Management (SAM). As part of the application, all applicants, except for
individuals or agencies excepted under 2 CFR 25.110(d), must be: (1) Registered
in the System for Award Management (SAM); (2) provide a valid unique entity
identifier in its applications; and (3) maintain an active SAM registration with
current information at all times during which it has an active Federal award or
application. An award may not be made to the applicant until the applicant has
complied with the unique entity identifier and SAM requirements. 4.
Intergovernmental Review Intergovernmental Review. The HPG program is subject to
the provisions of Executive Order 12372, which requires intergovernmental
consultation with State and local officials. 5. Funding Restrictions. There are
no limits on proposed direct and indirect costs. Expenses incurred in developing
pre-applications will be at the applicant's risk. 6. Other Submission
Requirements. To comply with the President's Management Agenda, the Department
of Agriculture is participating as a partner in the Government-wide Grants.gov
site. Housing Preservation Grants [Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance
#10.433] is one of the programs included at this Web site. If you are an
applicant under the Housing Preservation Grant program, you may submit your
pre-application to the Agency in either electronic or paper format. Please be
mindful that the pre-application deadline for electronic format differs from the
deadline for paper format. The electronic format deadline will be based on
Eastern Standard Time. The paper format deadline is local time for each Rural
Development State Office. Users of Grants.gov will be able to download a copy of
the pre- application package, complete it off line, and then upload and submit
the application via the Grants.gov site. You may not email an electronic copy of
a grant pre-application to USDA Rural Development; however, the Agency
encourages your participation in Grants.gov. The following are useful tips and
instructions on how to use the Web site:  When you enter the Grants.gov site,
you will find

 information about submitting an application electronically through the

 site as well as the hours of operation. USDA Rural Development strongly

 recommends that you do not wait until the application deadline date to

 begin the application process through Grants.gov. To use Grants.gov,

 applicants must have a DUNS number.

      You may submit all documents electronically through the

 Web site, including all information typically included on the

 Application for Rural Housing Preservation Grants, and all necessary

 assurances and certifications.

      After you electronically submit your application through

 the Web site, you will receive an automatic acknowledgement from

 Grants.gov that contains a Grants.gov tracking number.

      RHS may request that you provide original signatures on

 forms at a later date.

      If you experience technical difficulties on the closing

 date and are unable to meet the 5:00 p.m. (Eastern Standard Time)

 deadline, print out your application and submit it to your State

 Office, you must meet the closing date and local time deadline.

      Please note that you must locate the downloadable

 application package for this program by the CFDA Number or FedGrants

 Funding Opportunity Number, which can be found at http://www.grants.gov.

     In addition to the electronic pre- application at the http://www.grants.gov
Web site, all applicants must complete and submit the FY

 2016 pre-application package, detailed later in this Notice, for

 Section 533 HPG. A copy of a suggested coversheet is included with this

 Notice. Applicants are encouraged to submit this pre-application

 coversheet electronically by accessing the Web site:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/housing-preservation-grants. Click on

 the Forms & Resources tab to access the ``FY 2016 Pre-application for

 Section 533 Housing Preservation Grants (HPG).''

     Applicants are encouraged but not required, to also provide an

 electronic copy of all hard copy forms and documents submitted in the

 pre-application/application package as requested by this Notice. The

 forms and documents must be submitted as read-only Adobe Acrobat PDF

 files on an electronic media such as CDs, DVDs or USB drives. For each

 electronic device that you submit, you must include a Table of Contents

 listing all of the documents and forms on that device. The electronic

 medium must be submitted to the local Rural Development State Office

 where the project will be located.



     Please Note: If you receive a loan or grant award under this

 Notice, USDA reserves the right to post all information that is not

 protected by the Privacy Act submitted as part of the pre-

 application/application package on a public Web site with free and

 open access to any member of the public.



 E. Application Review Information



     1. Criteria. All paper applications for Section 533 funds must be

 filed with the appropriate Rural Development State Office and all paper

 or electronic applications must meet the requirements of this Notice

 and 7 CFR part 1944, subpart N. Pre-applications determined not

 eligible and/or not meeting the selection criteria will be notified by

 the Rural Development State Office.

     2. Review and Selection Process. The Rural Development State

 Offices will utilize the following threshold project selection criteria

 for applicants in accordance with 7 CFR 1944.679:

     (a) Providing a financially feasible program of housing

 preservation assistance. ``Financially feasible'' is defined as

 proposed assistance which will be affordable to the intended recipient

 or result in affordable housing for very low- and low-income persons.

     (b) Serving eligible rural areas with a concentration of

 substandard housing for households with very low- and low-income.



 [[Page 81283]]



     (c) Being an eligible applicant as defined in 7 CFR 1944.658.

     (d) Meeting the requirements of consultation and public comment in

 accordance with 7 CFR 1944.674.

     (e) Submitting a complete pre-application as outlined in 7 CFR

 1944.676.

     3. Scoring. For applicants meeting all of the requirements listed

 above, the Rural Development State Offices will use weighted criteria

 in accordance with 7 CFR part 1944, subpart N as selection for the

 grant recipients. Each pre-application and its accompanying statement

 of activities will be evaluated and, based solely on the information

 contained in the pre-application, the applicant's proposal will be

 numerically rated on each criteria within the range provided. The

 highest-ranking applicant(s) will be selected based on allocation of

 funds available to the state.

     (a) Points are awarded based on the percentage of very low-income

 persons that the applicant proposes to assist, using the following

 scale:









 (1) More than 80%........................  20 points.

 (2) 61% to 80%...........................  15 points.

 (3) 41% to 60%...........................  10 points.

 (4) 20% to 40%...........................  5 points.

 (5) Less than 20%........................  0 points.





     (b) The applicant's proposal may be expected to result in the

 following percentage of HPG fund use (excluding administrative costs)

 to total cost of unit preservation. This percentage reflects maximum

 repair or rehabilitation with the least possible HPG funds due to

 leveraging, innovative financial assistance, owner's contribution or

 other specified approaches. Points are awarded based on the following

 percentage of HPG funds (excluding administrative costs) to total

 funds:









 (1) 50% or less..........................  20 points.

 (2) 51% to 65%...........................  15 points.

 (3) 66% to 80%...........................  10 points.

 (4) 81% to 95%...........................  5 points.

 (5) 96% to 100%..........................  0 points.





     (c) The applicant has demonstrated its administrative capacity in

 assisting very low- and low-income persons to obtain adequate housing

 based on the following:

     (1) The organization or a member of its staff has at least one or

 more years experience successfully managing and operating a

 rehabilitation or weatherization type program: 10 points.

     (2) The organization or a member of its staff has at least one or

 more years experience successfully managing and operating a program

 assisting very low- and low-income persons obtain housing assistance:

 10 points.

     (3) If the organization has administered grant programs, there are

 no outstanding or unresolved audit or investigative findings which

 might impair carrying out the proposal: 10 points.

     (d) The proposed program will be undertaken entirely in rural areas

 outside Metropolitan Statistical Areas, also known as MSAs, identified

 by Rural Development as having populations below 10,000 or in remote

 parts of other rural areas (i.e., rural areas contained in MSAs with

 less than 5,000 population) as defined in 7 CFR 1944.656: 10 points.

     (e) The program will use less than 20 percent of HPG funds for

 administration purposes:









 (1) More than 20%........................  Not eligible.

 (2) 20%..................................  0 points.

 (3) 19%..................................  1 point.

 (4) 18%..................................  2 points.

 (5) 17%..................................  3 points.

 (6) 16%..................................  4 points.

 (7) 15% or less..........................  5 points.





     (f) The proposed program contains a component for alleviating

 overcrowding as defined in 7 CFR 1944.656: 5 points.

     In the event more than one pre-application receives the same amount

 of points, those pre-applications will then be ranked based on the

 actual percentage figure used for determining the points. Further, in

 the event that pre-applications are still tied, then those pre-

 applications still tied will be ranked based on the percentage for HPG

 fund use (low to high). Further, for applications where assistance to

 rental properties or cooperatives is proposed, those still tied will be

 further ranked based on the number of years the units are available for

 occupancy under the program (a minimum of 5 years is required). For

 this part, ranking will be based from most to least number of years.

     Finally, if there is still a tie, then a lottery system will be

 used. After the award selections are made, all applicants will be

 notified of the status of their applications by mail.



 F. Federal Award Administration Information



     1. Federal Award Notices. The Agency will notify, in writing,

 applicants whose pre-applications have been selected for funding. At

 the time of notification, the Agency will advise the applicant what

 further information and documentation is required along with a timeline

 for submitting the additional information. If the Agency determines it

 is unable to select the application for funding, the applicant will be

 so informed in writing. Such notification will include the reasons the

 applicant was not selected. The Agency will advise applicants, whose

 pre-applications did not meet eligibility and/or selection criteria, of

 their review rights or appeal rights in accordance with 7 CFR 1944.682.

     2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements. Rural

 Development is encouraging applications for projects that will support

 rural areas where, according to the American Community Survey data by

 census tracts, at least 20 percent of the population is living in

 persistent poverty. This emphasis will support Rural Development's

 mission of improving the quality of life for Rural Americans and

 commitment to directing resources to those who most need them. A

 persistent poverty county is a classification for counties in the

 United States that have had a relatively high rate of poverty over a

 long period.

     3. Reporting. Post-award reporting requirements can be found in the

 Grant Agreement.



 G. Non-Discrimination Statement



     The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination

 against its customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the

 basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, sex, gender

 identity, religion, reprisal and where applicable, political beliefs,

 marital status, familial or parental status, religion, sexual

 orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is derived from

 any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in

 employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the

 Department. (Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or

 employment activities.)

     If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of

 discrimination, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form

 (PDF), found online at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or
at any USDA office, or call (866) 632-

 9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing all of

 the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint

 form or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture,

 Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,

 Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax (202) 690-7442 or email at

 program.intake@usda.gov

     Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech

 disabilities and you wish to file either an EEO or program complaint

 please contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339

 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).



 [[Page 81284]]



     Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint,

 please see information above on how to contact us by mail directly or

 by email. If you require alternative means of communication for program

 information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please

 contact USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).



     Dated: December 14, 2015.

 Tony J. Hernandez,

 Administrator, Rural Housing Service.



 Fiscal Year 2016 Pre-Application for Section 533 Housing Preservation

 Grants (HPG) Instructions



     Applicants are encouraged, but not required, to submit this pre-

 application form electronically by accessing the Web site:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/housing-preservation-grants. Click on

 the Forms & Resources tab to access the ``Fiscal Year 2016 Pre-

 application for Section 533 Housing Preservation Grants (HPG).'' Please

 note that electronic submittals are not on a secured Web site. If you

 do not wish to submit the form electronically by clicking on the Send

 Form button, you may still fill out the form, print it and submit it

 with your application package to the State Office. You also have the

 option to save the form, and submit it on an electronic media to the

 State Office.

     Supporting documentation required by this pre-application may be

 attached to the email generated when you click the Send Form button to

 submit the form. However if the attachments are too numerous or large

 in size, the email box will not be able to accept them. In that case,

 submit the supporting documentation for this pre-application to the

 State Office with your complete application package under item IX.

     Documents Submitted, indicate the supporting documents that you are

 submitting either with the pre-application or to the State Office.



 [[Page 81285]]



 [GRAPHIC] [TIFF OMITTED] TN29DE15.000





 [[Page 81286]]





 [GRAPHIC] [TIFF OMITTED] TN29DE15.001





 [[Page 81287]]





 [GRAPHIC] [TIFF OMITTED] TN29DE15.002





 [[Page 81288]]





 [GRAPHIC] [TIFF OMITTED] TN29DE15.003





 [[Page 81289]]





 [GRAPHIC] [TIFF OMITTED] TN29DE15.004





 [[Page 81290]]





 [GRAPHIC] [TIFF OMITTED] TN29DE15.005





 [[Page 81291]]





 [GRAPHIC] [TIFF OMITTED] TN29DE15.006





 [[Page 81292]]





 [GRAPHIC] [TIFF OMITTED] TN29DE15.007



 [FR Doc. 2015-32784 Filed 12-28-15; 8:45 am]

  BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolution.com

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 21, 2014 Monday

Notice of Funds Availability for the Section 533 Housing Preservation Grants for
Fiscal Year 2014

LENGTH: 576  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


Action

Notice; Correction.
Summary

The Rural Housing Service published a document in the Federal Register on June
11, 2014, (79 FR 33495) announcing that it is soliciting competitive
applications under its Housing Preservation Grant program. The listing for the
Central Contractor Registration, Rural Development Vermont State Office address,
West Virginia State Office address, and Wyoming State Office telephone and TDD
number were incorrectly identified in the notice.

Table of Contents Back to Top

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    Correction
    3. Dun and Bradstreet Universal Numbering System (DUNS) and System for Award
Management
    Correction
    Correction
    Correction

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Bonnie Edwards-Jackson, Finance and Loan Analyst, Multi-Family Housing
Preservation and Direct Loan Division, USDA Rural Development, Stop 0781, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0781, telephone (202) 690-0759
(voice) (this is not a toll free number) or (800) 877-8339 (TDD-Federal
Information Relay Service) or via email at, Bonnie.Edwards@wdc.usda.gov
Correction Back to Top

In the Federal Register of June 11, 2014, in FR Doc. 2014-13631, on page, 33496,
in the second column, the listing to register for the Central Contractor
Registration should read:
3. Dun and Bradstreet Universal Numbering System (DUNS) and System for Award
Management

Please note that all applicants must obtain a Dun and Bradstreet Data Universal
Numbering System (DUNS) number and register, and maintain such registration, in
the Central Contractor Registration (CCR) prior to submitting a pre-application
pursuant to 2 CFR part 25. As required by the Office of Management and Budget
(OMB), all grant applicants must provide a DUNS number when applying for Federal
grants, on or after October 1, 2003. Organizations can receive a DUNS number at
no cost by calling the dedicated toll-free DUNS number request line at (866)
705-5711 or by accessing http://www.dnb.com/us/. Additional information
concerning this requirement is provided in a policy directive issued by OMB and
published in the Federal Register on June 27, 2003 (68 FR 38402-38405).
Similarly, applicants may register for the CCR at www.sam.gov.
Correction Back to Top

In the Federal Register of June 11, 2014, in FR Doc. 2014-13631, on page, 33500,
in the second column, the listing for the Rural Development Vermont State
Office, address to contact should read:

Vermont State Office,87 State Street, Suite 324,P.O. Box 249,Montpelier, VT
05601,(802) 828-6028,TDD (802)223-6365,Tammy Surprise.
Correction Back to Top

In the Federal Register of June 11, 2014, in FR Doc. 2014-13631, on page, 33500,
in the second column, the listing for the Rural Development West Virginia State
Office, address to contact should read:

West Virginia State Office,2118 Ripley Road,Ripley, West Virginia 25271,(304)
372-3441, ext. 105,TDD (304) 284-4836,Penny Thaxton.
Correction Back to Top

In the Federal Register of June 11, 2014, in FR Doc. 2014-13631, on page, 33500,
in the second column, the listing for the Rural Development Wyoming State
Office, phone number to contact should read:

Wyoming State Office,Post Office Box 82601, Casper, Wyoming 25271,(307)
233-6720,TDD (307) 233-6733,Laura Koenig.

Dated: July 8, 2014.

Tony J. Hernandez,

Administrator,Rural Housing Service.


For more information please visit: https://www.federalregister.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                  The Intermountain News (Burney, California)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 18, 2014

USDA housing grants available

BYLINE: The Intermountain News staff

LENGTH: 292  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack and the USDA are seeking applications for
grants to preserve and repair housing for very-low- and low-income families
living in rural areas.

"USDA provides grants to qualified organizations so they can help rural
homeowners and rental housing owners make repairs and improvements," Vilsack
said.

"These grants help families with limited incomes preserve their housing and
improve their living conditions. They can be used for a variety of needs, such
as repairs to resolve health or safety issues or for energy-efficiency
improvements to reduce utility costs," he said.

"The program also boosts economic activity for housing contractors in rural
areas who are hired to make the home upgrades and repairs."

The funds are being made available in USDA Rural Development's Housing
Preservation Grant program.

Eligible applicants include town or county governments, public agencies,
federally recognized

Indian Tribes, and non-profit and faith-based organizations. US DA does not
provide funding directly to homeowners under this program.

Up to $3.9 million is available in Fiscal Year 2014. Applications are due July
28. More information on how to apply is on page 33495 of the Federal Register.

In 2012, Habitat for Humanity Lake County, Calif., received a $55,000 Housing
Preservation Grant to help 12 low-income homeowners repair their homes.

One person helped was James, a Vietnam veteran living in Lucerne, Calif. James
uses a wheelchair for mobility, but could not leave his home without assistance.
Habitat for Humanity widened his doorway and installed a wheelchair lift, giving
him independence again.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IMN

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2014 The Intermountain News


                              24 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Corsicana Daily Sun (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 22, 2008 Monday

Housing grant awarded

BYLINE: Corsicana Daily Sun, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 373 words


Sep. 22--USDA Rural Development Housing Programs Director Scooter Brockette
announced Community Services, Inc. has been awarded a $48,000 Housing
Preservation Grant (HPG). USDA Rural Development Housing Programs are designed
to strengthen the economy and infrastructure of rural areas. Through its support
of the growth and development of communities, the agency works to improve the
quality of life in rural America.

"USDA Rural Development is very pleased to be able to provide housing
rehabilitation funding for rural Texans," said Brockette. "It is our goal to
ensure rural residents are afforded an opportunity to live in decent housing
that meets health and safety standards and provides the benefits of energy
efficient features."

USDA Rural Development funds will be used to rehabilitate 12 individual houses
owned and occupied by very-low and low income individuals in rural areas of
Anderson and Navarro Counties. The repairs will correct health and safety
hazards and improve living conditions of the homes. Funds may also be used for
structural additions to eliminate overcrowding or to remove health hazards,
painting and siding to inhibit deterioration and modifications if necessary to
insure handicapped accessibility.

In Fiscal Year 2007, a total of $651,289 in Housing Preservation Grants was
obligated in Texas. The purpose of the HPG Program is to promote continued
economic development in rural communities by making grants to sponsoring
organizations for the repair or rehabilitation of low and very-low income
housing. Grants are competitive and are made available in areas where there is a
concentration of need.

For more information regarding USDA Rural Development Programs, contact the
Hillsboro Area Office at (254) 582-7328, Extension 4, or visit our website at
http://rurdev.usda.gov/tx/

To see more of the Corsicana Daily Sun, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.corsicanadailysun.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, Corsicana Daily Sun,
Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080922-XQ-Housing-grant-awarded-0922

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XQ


                                 Copyright 2008


                              25 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 29, 2015 Tuesday

Solicitation of Applications for Housing Preservation Grants for Fiscal Year
2016,

LENGTH: 5266  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Housing Service
(RHS)



  Action



 Notice.

 Summary



 The Rural Housing Service (RHS), an Agency within Rural Development, announces
that it is soliciting competitive applications under its Housing Preservation
Grant (HPG) program. This action is taken to comply with Agency regulations
found in 7 CFR part 1944, subpart N, which requires the Agency to announce the
opening and closing dates for receipt of pre-applications for HPG funds from
eligible applicants.



 Dates



 The closing deadline for receipt of all pre-applications in response to this
Notice is 5:00 p.m., local time for each Rural Development State Office on
February 12, 2016. Rural Development State Office locations can be found at:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. The application should be
submitted to the Rural Development State Office where the project will be
located. If submitting the pre-application in electronic format, the closing
deadline for receipt is 5:00 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time on February 12, 2016.
The application closing deadline is firm as to date and hour. RHS will not
consider any application that is received after the closing deadline. Applicants
intending to mail applications must provide sufficient time to permit delivery
on or before the closing deadline date and time. Acceptance by the United States
Postal Service or private mailer does not constitute delivery. Facsimile (FAX)
and postage due applications will not be accepted.

 For Further Information Contact



 For general information, applicants may contact Jeaneane Shelton, Finance and
Loan Analyst, Multi-Family Housing Preservation and Direct Loan Division, USDA
Rural Development, STOP 0781, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC
20250-0781, telephone (202) 720-5443 (voice) (this is not a toll free number) or
(800) 877-8339 (TDD-Federal Information Relay Service) or via email at,
jeaneane.shelton@wdc.usda.gov

 Supplementary Information

 Overview



 Federal Agency Name: USDA Rural Housing Service.



 Funding Opportunity Title: Housing Preservation Grants.



 Announcement Type: Notice.



 Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number: 10.433.



 Dates: February 12, 2016.

 Paperwork Reduction Act



 The reporting requirements contained in this Notice have been approved by the
Office of Management and Budget under Control Number 0575-0115.

 A. Program Description



 The HPG program is a grant program, authorized under 42 U.S.C. 1490m and
implemented at 7 CFR part 1944, subpart N, which provides qualified public
agencies, private non-profit organizations including, but not limited to,
faith-based and neighborhood partnerships, and other eligible entities, grant
funds to assist low- and very low-income homeowners in repairing and
rehabilitating their homes in rural areas. In addition, the HPG program assists
rental property owners and cooperative housing complexes in rural areas in
repairing and rehabilitating their units if they agree to make such units
available to low- and very low-income persons.

 B. Federal Award Information



 The funding instrument for the HPG program will be a grant agreement. The term
of the grant can vary from 1 to 2 years, depending on available funds and
demand. No maximum or minimum grant levels have been established at the National
level. In accordance with 7 CFR 1944.652, coordination and leveraging of funding
for repair and rehabilitation activities with housing and community development
organizations or activities operating in the same geographic area are expected,
but not required. You should contact the Rural Development State Office to
determine the allocation. HPG applicants who were previously selected for HPG
funds are eligible to submit new applications to apply for Fiscal Year (FY) 2016
HPG program funds. New HPG applications must be submitted for the renewal or
supplementation of existing HPG repair and/or rehabilitation projects that will
be completed with FY 2016 HPG funds.



 For FY 2016, the amount of funding available for the HPG Program can be found
at the following link: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
housing-preservation-grants. Priorities such as Rural Economic Area Partnership
Zones and other funds will be distributed under a formula allocation to states
pursuant to 7 CFR part 1940, subpart L, "Methodology and Formulas for Allocation
of Loan and Grant Program Funds." Decisions on funding will be based on
pre-application scores. Anyone interested in submitting an application for
funding under this program is encouraged to consult the Rural Development Web
site periodically for updated information regarding the status of funding
authorized for this program.



 The commitment of program dollars will be made to selected applicants that have
fulfilled the necessary requirements for obligation.

 C. Eligibility Information



 1. Eligible Applicants. Eligible entities for these competitively awarded
grants include state and local governments, non-profit corporations, which may
include, but not be limited to faith-based and community organizations,
Federally recognized Indian tribes, and consortia of eligible entities. HPG
applicants who were previously selected for HPG funds are eligible to submit new
applications to apply for FY 2016 HPG program funds. More eligibility
requirements can be found at 7 CFR 1944.658, 1944.661, and 1944.662.



 2. Cost Sharing or Matching. Pursuant to 7 CFR 1944.652, grantees are expected
to coordinate and leverage funding for repair and rehabilitation activities, as
well as replacement housing, with housing and community development
organizations or activities operating in the same geographic area. While HPG
funds may be leveraged with other resources, cost sharing or matching is not a
requirement that the HPG applicant do so as the HPG applicant would not be
denied an award of HPG funds if all other project selection criteria have been
met.



 3. Other. Awards made under this Notice are subject to the provisions contained
in the Consolidated and Further Appropriations Act 2015, Pub.L. 113-235,
sections 738 and 739 regarding corporate felony convictions and corporate
Federal tax delinquencies. To comply with these provisions, only selected
applicants that are or propose to be corporations will submit this form as part
of their pre-application. Form AD-3030 can be found here:
http://www.ocio.usda.gov/document/ad3030.

 D. Application and Submission Information



 1. Address to Request Application Package: Applicants wishing to submit a paper
application in response to this Notice must contact the Rural Development State
Office serving the State of the proposed HPG housing project in order to receive
further information and copies of the paper application package. You may find
the addresses and contact information for each State Office following this web
link, http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. Rural Development will
date and time stamp incoming paper applications to evidence timely receipt and,
upon request, will provide the applicant with a written acknowledgment of
receipt. You may access the electronic grant pre-application for Housing
Preservation Grants at: http://www.grants.gov.



 2. Content and Form of Application: 7 CFR part 1944, subpart N provides details
on what information must be contained in the pre-application package. Entities
wishing to apply for assistance should contact the Rural Development State
Office to receive further information, the State allocation of funds, and copies
of the pre-application package. Unless otherwise noted, applicants wishing to
apply for assistance must make its statement of activities available to the
public for comment. The applicant(s) must announce the availability of its
statement of activities for review in a newspaper of general circulation in the
project area and allow at least 15 days for public comment. The start of this
15-day period must occur no later than 16 days prior to the last day for
acceptance of pre-applications by the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA)-Rural Development. Federally recognized Indian tribes, pursuant to 7 CFR
1944.674, are exempt from the requirement to consult with local leaders
including announcing the availability of its statement of activities for review
in a newspaper.



 All applicants will file an original and two copies of Standard Form (SF) 424,
"Application for Federal Assistance," and supporting information with the
appropriate Rural Development State Office. A pre-application package, including
SF-424, is available in any Rural Development State Office. All pre-applications
shall be accompanied by the following information which Rural Development will
use to determine the applicant's eligibility to undertake the HPG program and to
evaluate the pre-application under the project selection criteria of 7 CFR
1944.679.



 (a) A statement of activities proposed by the applicant for its HPG program as
appropriate to the type of assistance the applicant is proposing, including:



 (1) A complete discussion of the type of and conditions for financial
assistance for housing preservation, including whether the request for
assistance is for a homeowner assistance program, a rental property assistance
program, or a cooperative assistance program;



 (2) The process for selecting recipients for HPG assistance, determining
housing preservation needs of the dwelling, performing the necessary work, and
monitoring/inspecting work performed;



 (3) A description of the process for identifying potential environmental
impacts in accordance with 7 CFR 1944.672 and the provisions for compliance with
Stipulation I, A-G of the Programmatic Memorandum of Agreement, also known as
PMOA, (RD Instruction 2000-FF, available in any Rural Development State Office)
in accordance with 7 CFR 1944.673(b);



 (4) The development standard(s) the applicant will use for the housing
preservation work; and, if not the Rural Development standards for existing
dwellings, the evidence of its acceptance by the jurisdiction where the grant
will be implemented;



 (5) The time schedule for completing the program;



 (6) The staffing required to complete the program;



 (7) The estimated number of very low- and low-income minority and nonminority
persons the grantee will assist with HPG funds; and, if a rental property or
cooperative assistance program, the number of units and the term of restrictive
covenants on their use for very low- and low-income;



 (8) The geographical area(s) to be served by the HPG program;



 (9) The annual estimated budget for the program period based on the financial
needs to accomplish the objectives outlined in the proposal. The budget should
include proposed direct and indirect administrative costs, such as personnel,
fringe benefits, travel, equipment, supplies, contracts, and other cost
categories, detailing those costs for which the grantee proposes to use the HPG
grant separately from non-HPG resources, if any. The applicant budget should
also include a schedule (with amounts) of how the applicant proposes to draw HPG
grant funds, i.e., monthly, quarterly, lump sum for program activities, etc.;



 (10) A copy of an indirect cost proposal when the applicant has another source
of Federal funding in addition to the Rural Development HPG program;



 (11) A brief description of the accounting system to be used;



 (12) The method of evaluation to be used by the applicant to determine the
effectiveness of its program which encompasses the requirements for quarterly
reports to Rural Development in accordance with 7 CFR 1944.683(b) and the
monitoring plan for rental properties and cooperatives (when applicable)
according to 7 CFR 1944.689;



 (13) The source and estimated amount of other financial resources to be
obtained and used by the applicant for both HPG activities and housing
development and/or supporting activities;



 (14) The use of program income, if any, and the tracking system used for
monitoring same;



 (15) The applicant's plan for disposition of any security instruments held by
them as a result of its HPG activities in the event of its loss of legal status;




 (16) Any other information necessary to explain the proposed HPG program; and



 (17) The outreach efforts outlined in 7 CFR 1944.671(b).



 (b) Complete information about the applicant's experience and capacity to carry
out the objectives of the proposed HPG program.



 (c) Evidence of the applicant's legal existence, including, in the case of a
private non-profit organization, which may include, but not be limited to,
faith-based and community organizations, a copy of, or an accurate reference to,
the specific provisions of State law under which the applicant is organized; a
certified copy of the applicant's Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws or other
evidence of corporate existence; certificate of incorporation for other than
public bodies; evidence of good standing from the State when the corporation has
been in existence 1 year or more; and the names and addresses of the applicant's
members, directors and officers. If other organizations are members of the
applicant-organization, or the applicant is a consortium, pre-applications
should be accompanied by the names, addresses, and principal purpose of the
other organizations. If the applicant is a consortium, documentation showing
compliance with paragraph (4)(ii) under the definition of "organization" in 7
CFR 1944.656 must also be included.



 (d) For a private non-profit entity, which may include, but not be limited to,
faith-based and community organizations, the most recent audited statement and a
current financial statement dated and signed by an authorized officer of the
entity showing the amounts and specific nature of assets and liabilities
together with information on the repayment schedule and status of any debt(s)
owed by the applicant.



 (e) A brief narrative statement which includes information about the area to be
served and the need for improved housing (including both percentage and the
actual number of both low-income and low-income minority households and
substandard housing), the need for the type of housing preservation assistance
being proposed, the anticipated use of HPG resources for historic properties,
the method of evaluation to be used by the applicant in determining the
effectiveness of its efforts.



 (f) A statement containing the component for alleviating any overcrowding as
defined by 7 CFR 1944.656.



 (g) Applicant must submit an original and one copy of Form RD 1940-20, "Request
for Environmental Information," prepared in accordance with Exhibit F-1 of RD
Instruction 1944-N (available in any Rural Development State Office).



 (h) Applicant must also submit a description of its process for:



 (1) Identifying and rehabilitating properties listed on or eligible for listing
on the National Register of Historic Places;



 (2) Identifying properties that are located in a floodplain or wetland;



 (3) Identifying properties located within the Coastal Barrier Resources System;
and



 (4) Coordinating with other public and private organizations and programs that
provide assistance in the rehabilitation of historic properties (Stipulation I,
D, of the PMOA, RD Instruction 2000-FF, available as an electronic document and
in any Rural Development State Office).



 (i) The applicant must also submit evidence of the State Historic Preservation
Office's, (SHPO), concurrence in the proposal, or in the event of
non-concurrence, a copy of SHPO's comments together with evidence that the
applicant has received the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation's advice as
to how the disagreement might be resolved, and a copy of any advice provided by
the Council.



 (j) The applicant must submit written statements and related correspondence
reflecting compliance with 7 CFR 1944.674(a) and (c) regarding consultation with
local government leaders in the preparation of its program and the consultation
with local and state government pursuant to the provisions of Executive Order
12372.



 (k) The applicant is to make its statement of activities available to the
public for comment prior to submission to Rural Development pursuant to 7 CFR
1944.674(b). The application must contain a description of how the comments (if
any were received) were addressed.



 (1) The applicant must submit an original and one copy of Form RD 400-1, "Equal
Opportunity Agreement," and Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement," in accordance
with 7 CFR 1944.676.



 Applicants should review 7 CFR part 1944, subpart N for a comprehensive list of
all application requirements.



 3. Address unique entity identifier and System for Award Management (SAM). As
part of the application, all applicants, except for individuals or agencies
excepted under 2 CFR 25.110(d), must be: (1) Registered in the System for Award
Management (SAM); (2) provide a valid unique entity identifier in its
applications; and (3) maintain an active SAM registration with current
information at all times during which it has an active Federal award or
application. An award may not be made to the applicant until the applicant has
complied with the unique entity identifier and SAM requirements.



 4. Intergovernmental Review Intergovernmental Review. The HPG program is
subject to the provisions of Executive Order 12372, which requires
intergovernmental consultation with State and local officials.



 5. Funding Restrictions. There are no limits on proposed direct and indirect
costs. Expenses incurred in developing pre-applications will be at the
applicant's risk.



 6. Other Submission Requirements. To comply with the President's Management
Agenda, the Department of Agriculture is participating as a partner in the
Government-wide Grants.gov site. Housing Preservation Grants [Catalog of Federal
Domestic Assistance #10.433] is one of the programs included at this Web site.
If you are an applicant under the Housing Preservation Grant program, you may
submit your pre-application to the Agency in either electronic or paper format.
Please be mindful that the pre-application deadline for electronic format
differs from the deadline for paper format. The electronic format deadline will
be based on Eastern Standard Time. The paper format deadline is local time for
each Rural Development State Office.



 Users of Grants.gov will be able to download a copy of the pre- application
package, complete it off line, and then upload and submit the application via
the Grants.gov site. You may not email an electronic copy of a grant
pre-application to USDA Rural Development; however, the Agency encourages your
participation in Grants.gov.



 The following are useful tips and instructions on how to use the Web site:



     When you enter the Grants.gov site, you will find information about
submitting an application electronically through the site as well as the hours
of operation. USDA Rural Development strongly recommends that you do not wait
until the application deadline date to begin the application process through
Grants.gov. To use Grants.gov, applicants must have a DUNS number.

     You may submit all documents electronically through the Web site, including
all information typically included on the Application for Rural Housing
Preservation Grants, and all necessary assurances and certifications.

     After you electronically submit your application through the Web site, you
will receive an automatic acknowledgement from Grants.gov that contains a
Grants.gov tracking number.

     RHS may request that you provide original signatures on forms at a later
date.

     If you experience technical difficulties on the closing date and are unable
to meet the 5:00 p.m. (Eastern Standard Time) deadline, print out your
application and submit it to your State Office, you must meet the closing date
and local time deadline.

     Please note that you must locate the downloadable application package for
this program by the CFDA Number or FedGrants Funding Opportunity Number, which
can be found at http://www.grants.gov.



 In addition to the electronic pre- application at the http://www.grants.gov Web
site, all applicants must complete and submit the FY 2016 pre-application
package, detailed later in this Notice, for Section 533 HPG. A copy of a
suggested coversheet is included with this Notice. Applicants are encouraged to
submit this pre-application coversheet electronically by accessing the Web site:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/housing-preservation-grants. Click on
the Forms & Resources tab to access the "FY 2016 Pre-application for Section 533
Housing Preservation Grants (HPG)."



 Applicants are encouraged but not required, to also provide an electronic copy
of all hard copy forms and documents submitted in the
pre-application/application package as requested by this Notice. The forms and
documents must be submitted as read-only Adobe Acrobat PDF files on an
electronic media such as CDs, DVDs or USB drives. For each electronic device
that you submit, you must include a Table of Contents listing all of the
documents and forms on that device. The electronic medium must be submitted to
the local Rural Development State Office where the project will be located.

 Please Note



 If you receive a loan or grant award under this Notice, USDA reserves the right
to post all information that is not protected by the Privacy Act submitted as
part of the pre-application/application package on a public Web site with free
and open access to any member of the public.

 E. Application Review Information



 1. Criteria. All paper applications for Section 533 funds must be filed with
the appropriate Rural Development State Office and all paper or electronic
applications must meet the requirements of this Notice and 7 CFR part 1944,
subpart N. Pre-applications determined not eligible and/or not meeting the
selection criteria will be notified by the Rural Development State Office.



 2. Review and Selection Process. The Rural Development State Offices will
utilize the following threshold project selection criteria for applicants in
accordance with 7 CFR 1944.679:



 (a) Providing a financially feasible program of housing preservation
assistance. "Financially feasible" is defined as proposed assistance which will
be affordable to the intended recipient or result in affordable housing for very
low- and low-income persons.



 (b) Serving eligible rural areas with a concentration of substandard housing
for households with very low- and low-income.



 (c) Being an eligible applicant as defined in 7 CFR 1944.658.



 (d) Meeting the requirements of consultation and public comment in accordance
with 7 CFR 1944.674.



 (e) Submitting a complete pre-application as outlined in 7 CFR 1944.676.



 3. Scoring. For applicants meeting all of the requirements listed above, the
Rural Development State Offices will use weighted criteria in accordance with 7
CFR part 1944, subpart N as selection for the grant recipients. Each
pre-application and its accompanying statement of activities will be evaluated
and, based solely on the information contained in the pre-application, the
applicant's proposal will be numerically rated on each criteria within the range
provided. The highest-ranking applicant(s) will be selected based on allocation
of funds available to the state.



 (a) Points are awarded based on the percentage of very low-income persons that
the applicant proposes to assist, using the following scale:



 (1) More than 80%    20 points.

 (2) 61% to 80%    15 points.

 (3) 41% to 60%    10 points.

 (4) 20% to 40%     5 points.

 (5) Less than 20%    0 points.



 (b) The applicant's proposal may be expected to result in the following
percentage of HPG fund use (excluding administrative costs) to total cost of
unit preservation. This percentage reflects maximum repair or rehabilitation
with the least possible HPG funds due to leveraging, innovative financial
assistance, owner's contribution or other specified approaches. Points are
awarded based on the following percentage of HPG funds (excluding administrative
costs) to total funds:



 (1) 50% or less    20 points.

 (2) 51% to 65%    15 points.

 (3) 66% to 80%    10 points.

 (4) 81% to 95%    5 points.

 (5) 96% to 100%    0 points.



 (c) The applicant has demonstrated its administrative capacity in assisting
very low- and low-income persons to obtain adequate housing based on the
following:



 (1) The organization or a member of its staff has at least one or more years
experience successfully managing and operating a rehabilitation or
weatherization type program: 10 points.



 (2) The organization or a member of its staff has at least one or more years
experience successfully managing and operating a program assisting very low- and
low-income persons obtain housing assistance: 10 points.



 (3) If the organization has administered grant programs, there are no
outstanding or unresolved audit or investigative findings which might impair
carrying out the proposal: 10 points.



 (d) The proposed program will be undertaken entirely in rural areas outside
Metropolitan Statistical Areas, also known as MSAs, identified by Rural
Development as having populations below 10,000 or in remote parts of other rural
areas (i.e., rural areas contained in MSAs with less than 5,000 population) as
defined in 7 CFR 1944.656: 10 points.



 (e) The program will use less than 20 percent of HPG funds for administration
purposes:



 (1) More than 20%    Not eligible.

 (2) 20%    0 points.

 (3) 19%    1 point.

 (4) 18%    2 points.

 (5) 17%    3 points.

 (6) 16%    4 points.

 (7) 15% or less    5 points.



 (f) The proposed program contains a component for alleviating overcrowding as
defined in 7 CFR 1944.656: 5 points.



 In the event more than one pre-application receives the same amount of points,
those pre-applications will then be ranked based on the actual percentage figure
used for determining the points. Further, in the event that pre-applications are
still tied, then those pre-applications still tied will be ranked based on the
percentage for HPG fund use (low to high). Further, for applications where
assistance to rental properties or cooperatives is proposed, those still tied
will be further ranked based on the number of years the units are available for
occupancy under the program (a minimum of 5 years is required). For this part,
ranking will be based from most to least number of years.



 Finally, if there is still a tie, then a lottery system will be used. After the
award selections are made, all applicants will be notified of the status of
their applications by mail.

 F. Federal Award Administration Information



 1. Federal Award Notices. The Agency will notify, in writing, applicants whose
pre-applications have been selected for funding. At the time of notification,
the Agency will advise the applicant what further information and documentation
is required along with a timeline for submitting the additional information. If
the Agency determines it is unable to select the application for funding, the
applicant will be so informed in writing. Such notification will include the
reasons the applicant was not selected. The Agency will advise applicants, whose
pre-applications did not meet eligibility and/or selection criteria, of their
review rights or appeal rights in accordance with 7 CFR 1944.682.



 2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements. Rural Development is
encouraging applications for projects that will support rural areas where,
according to the American Community Survey data by census tracts, at least 20
percent of the population is living in persistent poverty. This emphasis will
support Rural Development's mission of improving the quality of life for Rural
Americans and commitment to directing resources to those who most need them. A
persistent poverty county is a classification for counties in the United States
that have had a relatively high rate of poverty over a long period.



 3. Reporting. Post-award reporting requirements can be found in the Grant
Agreement.

 G. Non-Discrimination Statement



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the basis of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal and
where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, religion, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income
is derived from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information
in employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the
Department. (Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or
employment activities.)



 If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination,
complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov



 Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities and you
wish to file either an EEO or program complaint please contact USDA through the
Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).



 Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us by mail directly or by email. If you
require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

 Dated: December 14, 2015.

 Tony J. Hernandez,

 Administrator, Rural Housing Service.

 Fiscal Year 2016 Pre-Application for Section 533 Housing Preservation Grants
(HPG) Instructions



 Applicants are encouraged, but not required, to submit this pre-application
form electronically by accessing the Web site:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/housing-preservation-grants. Click on
the Forms & Resources tab to access the "Fiscal Year 2016 Pre-application for
Section 533 Housing Preservation Grants (HPG)." Please note that electronic
submittals are not on a secured Web site. If you do not wish to submit the form
electronically by clicking on the Send Form button, you may still fill out the
form, print it and submit it with your application package to the State Office.
You also have the option to save the form, and submit it on an electronic media
to the State Office.



 Supporting documentation required by this pre-application may be attached to
the email generated when you click the Send Form button to submit the form.
However if the attachments are too numerous or large in size, the email box will
not be able to accept them. In that case, submit the supporting documentation
for this pre-application to the State Office with your complete application
package under item IX.



 Documents Submitted, indicate the supporting documents that you are submitting
either with the pre-application or to the State Office.



 Image #EN29DE15.000



 Image #EN29DE15.001



 Image #EN29DE15.002



 Image #EN29DE15.003



 Image #EN29DE15.004



 Image #EN29DE15.005



 Image #EN29DE15.006



 Image #EN29DE15.007

 [FR Doc. 2015-32784 Filed 12-28-15; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              26 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 29, 2015 Tuesday

Solicitation of Applications for Housing Preservation Grants for Fiscal Year
2016,

LENGTH: 5266  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington, DC:  This Notice document was issued by the Rural Housing Service
(RHS)



  Action



 Notice.

 Summary



 The Rural Housing Service (RHS), an Agency within Rural Development, announces
that it is soliciting competitive applications under its Housing Preservation
Grant (HPG) program. This action is taken to comply with Agency regulations
found in 7 CFR part 1944, subpart N, which requires the Agency to announce the
opening and closing dates for receipt of pre-applications for HPG funds from
eligible applicants.



 Dates



 The closing deadline for receipt of all pre-applications in response to this
Notice is 5:00 p.m., local time for each Rural Development State Office on
February 12, 2016. Rural Development State Office locations can be found at:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. The application should be
submitted to the Rural Development State Office where the project will be
located. If submitting the pre-application in electronic format, the closing
deadline for receipt is 5:00 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time on February 12, 2016.
The application closing deadline is firm as to date and hour. RHS will not
consider any application that is received after the closing deadline. Applicants
intending to mail applications must provide sufficient time to permit delivery
on or before the closing deadline date and time. Acceptance by the United States
Postal Service or private mailer does not constitute delivery. Facsimile (FAX)
and postage due applications will not be accepted.

 For Further Information Contact



 For general information, applicants may contact Jeaneane Shelton, Finance and
Loan Analyst, Multi-Family Housing Preservation and Direct Loan Division, USDA
Rural Development, STOP 0781, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC
20250-0781, telephone (202) 720-5443 (voice) (this is not a toll free number) or
(800) 877-8339 (TDD-Federal Information Relay Service) or via email at,
jeaneane.shelton@wdc.usda.gov

 Supplementary Information

 Overview



 Federal Agency Name: USDA Rural Housing Service.



 Funding Opportunity Title: Housing Preservation Grants.



 Announcement Type: Notice.



 Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number: 10.433.



 Dates: February 12, 2016.

 Paperwork Reduction Act



 The reporting requirements contained in this Notice have been approved by the
Office of Management and Budget under Control Number 0575-0115.

 A. Program Description



 The HPG program is a grant program, authorized under 42 U.S.C. 1490m and
implemented at 7 CFR part 1944, subpart N, which provides qualified public
agencies, private non-profit organizations including, but not limited to,
faith-based and neighborhood partnerships, and other eligible entities, grant
funds to assist low- and very low-income homeowners in repairing and
rehabilitating their homes in rural areas. In addition, the HPG program assists
rental property owners and cooperative housing complexes in rural areas in
repairing and rehabilitating their units if they agree to make such units
available to low- and very low-income persons.

 B. Federal Award Information



 The funding instrument for the HPG program will be a grant agreement. The term
of the grant can vary from 1 to 2 years, depending on available funds and
demand. No maximum or minimum grant levels have been established at the National
level. In accordance with 7 CFR 1944.652, coordination and leveraging of funding
for repair and rehabilitation activities with housing and community development
organizations or activities operating in the same geographic area are expected,
but not required. You should contact the Rural Development State Office to
determine the allocation. HPG applicants who were previously selected for HPG
funds are eligible to submit new applications to apply for Fiscal Year (FY) 2016
HPG program funds. New HPG applications must be submitted for the renewal or
supplementation of existing HPG repair and/or rehabilitation projects that will
be completed with FY 2016 HPG funds.



 For FY 2016, the amount of funding available for the HPG Program can be found
at the following link: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/
housing-preservation-grants. Priorities such as Rural Economic Area Partnership
Zones and other funds will be distributed under a formula allocation to states
pursuant to 7 CFR part 1940, subpart L, "Methodology and Formulas for Allocation
of Loan and Grant Program Funds." Decisions on funding will be based on
pre-application scores. Anyone interested in submitting an application for
funding under this program is encouraged to consult the Rural Development Web
site periodically for updated information regarding the status of funding
authorized for this program.



 The commitment of program dollars will be made to selected applicants that have
fulfilled the necessary requirements for obligation.

 C. Eligibility Information



 1. Eligible Applicants. Eligible entities for these competitively awarded
grants include state and local governments, non-profit corporations, which may
include, but not be limited to faith-based and community organizations,
Federally recognized Indian tribes, and consortia of eligible entities. HPG
applicants who were previously selected for HPG funds are eligible to submit new
applications to apply for FY 2016 HPG program funds. More eligibility
requirements can be found at 7 CFR 1944.658, 1944.661, and 1944.662.



 2. Cost Sharing or Matching. Pursuant to 7 CFR 1944.652, grantees are expected
to coordinate and leverage funding for repair and rehabilitation activities, as
well as replacement housing, with housing and community development
organizations or activities operating in the same geographic area. While HPG
funds may be leveraged with other resources, cost sharing or matching is not a
requirement that the HPG applicant do so as the HPG applicant would not be
denied an award of HPG funds if all other project selection criteria have been
met.



 3. Other. Awards made under this Notice are subject to the provisions contained
in the Consolidated and Further Appropriations Act 2015, Pub.L. 113-235,
sections 738 and 739 regarding corporate felony convictions and corporate
Federal tax delinquencies. To comply with these provisions, only selected
applicants that are or propose to be corporations will submit this form as part
of their pre-application. Form AD-3030 can be found here:
http://www.ocio.usda.gov/document/ad3030.

 D. Application and Submission Information



 1. Address to Request Application Package: Applicants wishing to submit a paper
application in response to this Notice must contact the Rural Development State
Office serving the State of the proposed HPG housing project in order to receive
further information and copies of the paper application package. You may find
the addresses and contact information for each State Office following this web
link, http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. Rural Development will
date and time stamp incoming paper applications to evidence timely receipt and,
upon request, will provide the applicant with a written acknowledgment of
receipt. You may access the electronic grant pre-application for Housing
Preservation Grants at: http://www.grants.gov.



 2. Content and Form of Application: 7 CFR part 1944, subpart N provides details
on what information must be contained in the pre-application package. Entities
wishing to apply for assistance should contact the Rural Development State
Office to receive further information, the State allocation of funds, and copies
of the pre-application package. Unless otherwise noted, applicants wishing to
apply for assistance must make its statement of activities available to the
public for comment. The applicant(s) must announce the availability of its
statement of activities for review in a newspaper of general circulation in the
project area and allow at least 15 days for public comment. The start of this
15-day period must occur no later than 16 days prior to the last day for
acceptance of pre-applications by the U.S. Department of Agriculture
(USDA)-Rural Development. Federally recognized Indian tribes, pursuant to 7 CFR
1944.674, are exempt from the requirement to consult with local leaders
including announcing the availability of its statement of activities for review
in a newspaper.



 All applicants will file an original and two copies of Standard Form (SF) 424,
"Application for Federal Assistance," and supporting information with the
appropriate Rural Development State Office. A pre-application package, including
SF-424, is available in any Rural Development State Office. All pre-applications
shall be accompanied by the following information which Rural Development will
use to determine the applicant's eligibility to undertake the HPG program and to
evaluate the pre-application under the project selection criteria of 7 CFR
1944.679.



 (a) A statement of activities proposed by the applicant for its HPG program as
appropriate to the type of assistance the applicant is proposing, including:



 (1) A complete discussion of the type of and conditions for financial
assistance for housing preservation, including whether the request for
assistance is for a homeowner assistance program, a rental property assistance
program, or a cooperative assistance program;



 (2) The process for selecting recipients for HPG assistance, determining
housing preservation needs of the dwelling, performing the necessary work, and
monitoring/inspecting work performed;



 (3) A description of the process for identifying potential environmental
impacts in accordance with 7 CFR 1944.672 and the provisions for compliance with
Stipulation I, A-G of the Programmatic Memorandum of Agreement, also known as
PMOA, (RD Instruction 2000-FF, available in any Rural Development State Office)
in accordance with 7 CFR 1944.673(b);



 (4) The development standard(s) the applicant will use for the housing
preservation work; and, if not the Rural Development standards for existing
dwellings, the evidence of its acceptance by the jurisdiction where the grant
will be implemented;



 (5) The time schedule for completing the program;



 (6) The staffing required to complete the program;



 (7) The estimated number of very low- and low-income minority and nonminority
persons the grantee will assist with HPG funds; and, if a rental property or
cooperative assistance program, the number of units and the term of restrictive
covenants on their use for very low- and low-income;



 (8) The geographical area(s) to be served by the HPG program;



 (9) The annual estimated budget for the program period based on the financial
needs to accomplish the objectives outlined in the proposal. The budget should
include proposed direct and indirect administrative costs, such as personnel,
fringe benefits, travel, equipment, supplies, contracts, and other cost
categories, detailing those costs for which the grantee proposes to use the HPG
grant separately from non-HPG resources, if any. The applicant budget should
also include a schedule (with amounts) of how the applicant proposes to draw HPG
grant funds, i.e., monthly, quarterly, lump sum for program activities, etc.;



 (10) A copy of an indirect cost proposal when the applicant has another source
of Federal funding in addition to the Rural Development HPG program;



 (11) A brief description of the accounting system to be used;



 (12) The method of evaluation to be used by the applicant to determine the
effectiveness of its program which encompasses the requirements for quarterly
reports to Rural Development in accordance with 7 CFR 1944.683(b) and the
monitoring plan for rental properties and cooperatives (when applicable)
according to 7 CFR 1944.689;



 (13) The source and estimated amount of other financial resources to be
obtained and used by the applicant for both HPG activities and housing
development and/or supporting activities;



 (14) The use of program income, if any, and the tracking system used for
monitoring same;



 (15) The applicant's plan for disposition of any security instruments held by
them as a result of its HPG activities in the event of its loss of legal status;




 (16) Any other information necessary to explain the proposed HPG program; and



 (17) The outreach efforts outlined in 7 CFR 1944.671(b).



 (b) Complete information about the applicant's experience and capacity to carry
out the objectives of the proposed HPG program.



 (c) Evidence of the applicant's legal existence, including, in the case of a
private non-profit organization, which may include, but not be limited to,
faith-based and community organizations, a copy of, or an accurate reference to,
the specific provisions of State law under which the applicant is organized; a
certified copy of the applicant's Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws or other
evidence of corporate existence; certificate of incorporation for other than
public bodies; evidence of good standing from the State when the corporation has
been in existence 1 year or more; and the names and addresses of the applicant's
members, directors and officers. If other organizations are members of the
applicant-organization, or the applicant is a consortium, pre-applications
should be accompanied by the names, addresses, and principal purpose of the
other organizations. If the applicant is a consortium, documentation showing
compliance with paragraph (4)(ii) under the definition of "organization" in 7
CFR 1944.656 must also be included.



 (d) For a private non-profit entity, which may include, but not be limited to,
faith-based and community organizations, the most recent audited statement and a
current financial statement dated and signed by an authorized officer of the
entity showing the amounts and specific nature of assets and liabilities
together with information on the repayment schedule and status of any debt(s)
owed by the applicant.



 (e) A brief narrative statement which includes information about the area to be
served and the need for improved housing (including both percentage and the
actual number of both low-income and low-income minority households and
substandard housing), the need for the type of housing preservation assistance
being proposed, the anticipated use of HPG resources for historic properties,
the method of evaluation to be used by the applicant in determining the
effectiveness of its efforts.



 (f) A statement containing the component for alleviating any overcrowding as
defined by 7 CFR 1944.656.



 (g) Applicant must submit an original and one copy of Form RD 1940-20, "Request
for Environmental Information," prepared in accordance with Exhibit F-1 of RD
Instruction 1944-N (available in any Rural Development State Office).



 (h) Applicant must also submit a description of its process for:



 (1) Identifying and rehabilitating properties listed on or eligible for listing
on the National Register of Historic Places;



 (2) Identifying properties that are located in a floodplain or wetland;



 (3) Identifying properties located within the Coastal Barrier Resources System;
and



 (4) Coordinating with other public and private organizations and programs that
provide assistance in the rehabilitation of historic properties (Stipulation I,
D, of the PMOA, RD Instruction 2000-FF, available as an electronic document and
in any Rural Development State Office).



 (i) The applicant must also submit evidence of the State Historic Preservation
Office's, (SHPO), concurrence in the proposal, or in the event of
non-concurrence, a copy of SHPO's comments together with evidence that the
applicant has received the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation's advice as
to how the disagreement might be resolved, and a copy of any advice provided by
the Council.



 (j) The applicant must submit written statements and related correspondence
reflecting compliance with 7 CFR 1944.674(a) and (c) regarding consultation with
local government leaders in the preparation of its program and the consultation
with local and state government pursuant to the provisions of Executive Order
12372.



 (k) The applicant is to make its statement of activities available to the
public for comment prior to submission to Rural Development pursuant to 7 CFR
1944.674(b). The application must contain a description of how the comments (if
any were received) were addressed.



 (1) The applicant must submit an original and one copy of Form RD 400-1, "Equal
Opportunity Agreement," and Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement," in accordance
with 7 CFR 1944.676.



 Applicants should review 7 CFR part 1944, subpart N for a comprehensive list of
all application requirements.



 3. Address unique entity identifier and System for Award Management (SAM). As
part of the application, all applicants, except for individuals or agencies
excepted under 2 CFR 25.110(d), must be: (1) Registered in the System for Award
Management (SAM); (2) provide a valid unique entity identifier in its
applications; and (3) maintain an active SAM registration with current
information at all times during which it has an active Federal award or
application. An award may not be made to the applicant until the applicant has
complied with the unique entity identifier and SAM requirements.



 4. Intergovernmental Review Intergovernmental Review. The HPG program is
subject to the provisions of Executive Order 12372, which requires
intergovernmental consultation with State and local officials.



 5. Funding Restrictions. There are no limits on proposed direct and indirect
costs. Expenses incurred in developing pre-applications will be at the
applicant's risk.



 6. Other Submission Requirements. To comply with the President's Management
Agenda, the Department of Agriculture is participating as a partner in the
Government-wide Grants.gov site. Housing Preservation Grants [Catalog of Federal
Domestic Assistance #10.433] is one of the programs included at this Web site.
If you are an applicant under the Housing Preservation Grant program, you may
submit your pre-application to the Agency in either electronic or paper format.
Please be mindful that the pre-application deadline for electronic format
differs from the deadline for paper format. The electronic format deadline will
be based on Eastern Standard Time. The paper format deadline is local time for
each Rural Development State Office.



 Users of Grants.gov will be able to download a copy of the pre- application
package, complete it off line, and then upload and submit the application via
the Grants.gov site. You may not email an electronic copy of a grant
pre-application to USDA Rural Development; however, the Agency encourages your
participation in Grants.gov.



 The following are useful tips and instructions on how to use the Web site:



     When you enter the Grants.gov site, you will find information about
submitting an application electronically through the site as well as the hours
of operation. USDA Rural Development strongly recommends that you do not wait
until the application deadline date to begin the application process through
Grants.gov. To use Grants.gov, applicants must have a DUNS number.

     You may submit all documents electronically through the Web site, including
all information typically included on the Application for Rural Housing
Preservation Grants, and all necessary assurances and certifications.

     After you electronically submit your application through the Web site, you
will receive an automatic acknowledgement from Grants.gov that contains a
Grants.gov tracking number.

     RHS may request that you provide original signatures on forms at a later
date.

     If you experience technical difficulties on the closing date and are unable
to meet the 5:00 p.m. (Eastern Standard Time) deadline, print out your
application and submit it to your State Office, you must meet the closing date
and local time deadline.

     Please note that you must locate the downloadable application package for
this program by the CFDA Number or FedGrants Funding Opportunity Number, which
can be found at http://www.grants.gov.



 In addition to the electronic pre- application at the http://www.grants.gov Web
site, all applicants must complete and submit the FY 2016 pre-application
package, detailed later in this Notice, for Section 533 HPG. A copy of a
suggested coversheet is included with this Notice. Applicants are encouraged to
submit this pre-application coversheet electronically by accessing the Web site:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/housing-preservation-grants. Click on
the Forms & Resources tab to access the "FY 2016 Pre-application for Section 533
Housing Preservation Grants (HPG)."



 Applicants are encouraged but not required, to also provide an electronic copy
of all hard copy forms and documents submitted in the
pre-application/application package as requested by this Notice. The forms and
documents must be submitted as read-only Adobe Acrobat PDF files on an
electronic media such as CDs, DVDs or USB drives. For each electronic device
that you submit, you must include a Table of Contents listing all of the
documents and forms on that device. The electronic medium must be submitted to
the local Rural Development State Office where the project will be located.

 Please Note



 If you receive a loan or grant award under this Notice, USDA reserves the right
to post all information that is not protected by the Privacy Act submitted as
part of the pre-application/application package on a public Web site with free
and open access to any member of the public.

 E. Application Review Information



 1. Criteria. All paper applications for Section 533 funds must be filed with
the appropriate Rural Development State Office and all paper or electronic
applications must meet the requirements of this Notice and 7 CFR part 1944,
subpart N. Pre-applications determined not eligible and/or not meeting the
selection criteria will be notified by the Rural Development State Office.



 2. Review and Selection Process. The Rural Development State Offices will
utilize the following threshold project selection criteria for applicants in
accordance with 7 CFR 1944.679:



 (a) Providing a financially feasible program of housing preservation
assistance. "Financially feasible" is defined as proposed assistance which will
be affordable to the intended recipient or result in affordable housing for very
low- and low-income persons.



 (b) Serving eligible rural areas with a concentration of substandard housing
for households with very low- and low-income.



 (c) Being an eligible applicant as defined in 7 CFR 1944.658.



 (d) Meeting the requirements of consultation and public comment in accordance
with 7 CFR 1944.674.



 (e) Submitting a complete pre-application as outlined in 7 CFR 1944.676.



 3. Scoring. For applicants meeting all of the requirements listed above, the
Rural Development State Offices will use weighted criteria in accordance with 7
CFR part 1944, subpart N as selection for the grant recipients. Each
pre-application and its accompanying statement of activities will be evaluated
and, based solely on the information contained in the pre-application, the
applicant's proposal will be numerically rated on each criteria within the range
provided. The highest-ranking applicant(s) will be selected based on allocation
of funds available to the state.



 (a) Points are awarded based on the percentage of very low-income persons that
the applicant proposes to assist, using the following scale:



 (1) More than 80%    20 points.

 (2) 61% to 80%    15 points.

 (3) 41% to 60%    10 points.

 (4) 20% to 40%     5 points.

 (5) Less than 20%    0 points.



 (b) The applicant's proposal may be expected to result in the following
percentage of HPG fund use (excluding administrative costs) to total cost of
unit preservation. This percentage reflects maximum repair or rehabilitation
with the least possible HPG funds due to leveraging, innovative financial
assistance, owner's contribution or other specified approaches. Points are
awarded based on the following percentage of HPG funds (excluding administrative
costs) to total funds:



 (1) 50% or less    20 points.

 (2) 51% to 65%    15 points.

 (3) 66% to 80%    10 points.

 (4) 81% to 95%    5 points.

 (5) 96% to 100%    0 points.



 (c) The applicant has demonstrated its administrative capacity in assisting
very low- and low-income persons to obtain adequate housing based on the
following:



 (1) The organization or a member of its staff has at least one or more years
experience successfully managing and operating a rehabilitation or
weatherization type program: 10 points.



 (2) The organization or a member of its staff has at least one or more years
experience successfully managing and operating a program assisting very low- and
low-income persons obtain housing assistance: 10 points.



 (3) If the organization has administered grant programs, there are no
outstanding or unresolved audit or investigative findings which might impair
carrying out the proposal: 10 points.



 (d) The proposed program will be undertaken entirely in rural areas outside
Metropolitan Statistical Areas, also known as MSAs, identified by Rural
Development as having populations below 10,000 or in remote parts of other rural
areas (i.e., rural areas contained in MSAs with less than 5,000 population) as
defined in 7 CFR 1944.656: 10 points.



 (e) The program will use less than 20 percent of HPG funds for administration
purposes:



 (1) More than 20%    Not eligible.

 (2) 20%    0 points.

 (3) 19%    1 point.

 (4) 18%    2 points.

 (5) 17%    3 points.

 (6) 16%    4 points.

 (7) 15% or less    5 points.



 (f) The proposed program contains a component for alleviating overcrowding as
defined in 7 CFR 1944.656: 5 points.



 In the event more than one pre-application receives the same amount of points,
those pre-applications will then be ranked based on the actual percentage figure
used for determining the points. Further, in the event that pre-applications are
still tied, then those pre-applications still tied will be ranked based on the
percentage for HPG fund use (low to high). Further, for applications where
assistance to rental properties or cooperatives is proposed, those still tied
will be further ranked based on the number of years the units are available for
occupancy under the program (a minimum of 5 years is required). For this part,
ranking will be based from most to least number of years.



 Finally, if there is still a tie, then a lottery system will be used. After the
award selections are made, all applicants will be notified of the status of
their applications by mail.

 F. Federal Award Administration Information



 1. Federal Award Notices. The Agency will notify, in writing, applicants whose
pre-applications have been selected for funding. At the time of notification,
the Agency will advise the applicant what further information and documentation
is required along with a timeline for submitting the additional information. If
the Agency determines it is unable to select the application for funding, the
applicant will be so informed in writing. Such notification will include the
reasons the applicant was not selected. The Agency will advise applicants, whose
pre-applications did not meet eligibility and/or selection criteria, of their
review rights or appeal rights in accordance with 7 CFR 1944.682.



 2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements. Rural Development is
encouraging applications for projects that will support rural areas where,
according to the American Community Survey data by census tracts, at least 20
percent of the population is living in persistent poverty. This emphasis will
support Rural Development's mission of improving the quality of life for Rural
Americans and commitment to directing resources to those who most need them. A
persistent poverty county is a classification for counties in the United States
that have had a relatively high rate of poverty over a long period.



 3. Reporting. Post-award reporting requirements can be found in the Grant
Agreement.

 G. Non-Discrimination Statement



 The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the basis of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal and
where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, religion, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income
is derived from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information
in employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the
Department. (Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or
employment activities.)



 If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination,
complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov



 Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities and you
wish to file either an EEO or program complaint please contact USDA through the
Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).



 Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us by mail directly or by email. If you
require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

 Dated: December 14, 2015.

 Tony J. Hernandez,

 Administrator, Rural Housing Service.

 Fiscal Year 2016 Pre-Application for Section 533 Housing Preservation Grants
(HPG) Instructions



 Applicants are encouraged, but not required, to submit this pre-application
form electronically by accessing the Web site:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/housing-preservation-grants. Click on
the Forms & Resources tab to access the "Fiscal Year 2016 Pre-application for
Section 533 Housing Preservation Grants (HPG)." Please note that electronic
submittals are not on a secured Web site. If you do not wish to submit the form
electronically by clicking on the Send Form button, you may still fill out the
form, print it and submit it with your application package to the State Office.
You also have the option to save the form, and submit it on an electronic media
to the State Office.



 Supporting documentation required by this pre-application may be attached to
the email generated when you click the Send Form button to submit the form.
However if the attachments are too numerous or large in size, the email box will
not be able to accept them. In that case, submit the supporting documentation
for this pre-application to the State Office with your complete application
package under item IX.



 Documents Submitted, indicate the supporting documents that you are submitting
either with the pre-application or to the State Office.



 Image #EN29DE15.000



 Image #EN29DE15.001



 Image #EN29DE15.002



 Image #EN29DE15.003



 Image #EN29DE15.004



 Image #EN29DE15.005



 Image #EN29DE15.006



 Image #EN29DE15.007

 [FR Doc. 2015-32784 Filed 12-28-15; 8:45 am]

 BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      The Humboldt Journal (South Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 21, 2013

USDA Announces Funding To Improve Rural Housing

BYLINE: The Homboldt Journal staff

LENGTH: 429  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that recipients in 45 states,
the Western Pacific and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico will receive grants to
make housing repairs and improve housing conditions for limited income rural
residents. Acting Under Secretary for Rural Development Doug O'Brien announced
the selections on Secretary Vilsack's behalf.

"Providing safe, reliable housing to rural residents is key to maintaining
stable communities and creating jobs," O'Brien said. "USDA has developed
strategic partnerships with Tribes, community organizations and non-profit
groups to improve the living conditions for thousands of rural residents."

Funding is being provided through USDA Rural Development's Housing Preservation
Grant program. Funds are provided to intermediaries such as local governments,
public agencies, federally-recognized Indian Tribes, and non-profit, faith-based
and community organizations. These organizations then distribute the grants to
homeowners and owners of multi-family rental properties or cooperative dwellings
who rent to low-and very-low-income residents. Funds are not directly provided
to eligible homeowners by USDA.

Grants may be used to make general repairs, such as installing or improving
plumbing, or providing or enhancing access to people with disabilities. Funds
may also be used to make homes more energy efficient.

Today's announcement includes a $50,000 grant to Neighborhood Housing Services
of the Black Hills, Inc. located in Deadwood, SD to assist in providing low
cost, high quality and timely repairs for eligible homeowner. This grant will
assist 14 families.

O'Brien said that today's announcement is another reason why Congress must get a
comprehensive Food, Farm and Jobs Bill passed as soon as possible. Farm Bill
programs are important to the economic vitality of rural America, and a
comprehensive new Food, Farm and Jobs Bill would further expand the rural
economy, he added.

View the list of recipients for Housing Preservation Grants. Each award is
contingent upon the recipient meeting the terms of the grant agreement.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HUM

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2013 The Humboldt Journal


                              28 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            November 1, 2011 Tuesday

Agriculture Secretary Vilsack announces funding to improve rural housing

LENGTH: 405 words

DATELINE: BANGOR


- Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack has selected recipients in 50 states and the
Commonwealth of Puerto Rico for grants to make critical repairs and improve
housing conditions for low- and very low-income rural residents.


"Providing safe housing to rural residents is a key to maintaining stable
communities and creating jobs," Vilsack said. "Across America, USDA works in
partnership with tribes, community organizations and nonprofit groups to improve
living conditions for thousands of rural residents."


The support Vilsack is announcing today is being provided through USDA Rural
Development's Housing Preservation Grants program. Funds are provided to
intermediaries such as town or county governments, public agencies, federally
recognized Indian tribes, and nonprofit and faith-based and community
organizations. These organizations then distribute the grants to homeowners and
owners of multifamily rental properties or cooperative dwellings who rent to
low- and very low-income residents.


Grants may be used to make general repairs, such as installing or improving
plumbing or providing or enhancing access to people with disabilities. Funds
also may be used to weatherize and make homes more energy-efficient.


In Maine, four organizations have been selected to receive a total of $100,167
in Housing Preservation Grants. Those include:


â[#x20ac]¢ Penquis, in Bangor, has been selected to receive $25,000 to combine
with leveraged funds to assist 17 eligible rural families or individual
homeowners in Penobscot, Piscataquis, Knox and Waldo counties in three ways: 1.
supplemental funding for the Pathways Out of Poverty Program; 2. Gap Financing
for replacement housing; 3. general home rehabilitation.


â[#x20ac]¢ Penobscot Indian Nation, Indian Island, Old Town, has been selected
to receive $25,000 to combine with leveraged funds to assist the Tribe in
providing rehabilitation to the homes of 20 identified eligible families or
individual homeowners on Indian Island.


USDA Rural Development state director Virginia Manuel said, "These vital USDA
Rural Development funds combined with the efforts and leveraged dollars of our
essential community partners will ensure that rural Maine families across the
state can make the repairs they need to maintain homeownership and have a
quality, safe place in which to live."


USDA Rural Development has area offices in Presque Isle, Bangor, Lewiston and
Scarborough, as well as a state office in Bangor.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Bangor Daily News


                              29 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 4, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: Senators Collins, King Announce U.S. Department of Agriculture
Funding to Support Low-Income Housing

LENGTH: 226 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Angus King has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators Susan Collins, Chairman of the Transportation, Housing and Urban
Development Appropriations Subcommittee, and Angus King announced today that the
United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) has awarded two Housing
Preservation Grants to Penquis Community Action Program Inc. (Penquis CAP) and
Western Maine Community Action (WMCA) to support housing rehabilitation projects
in Franklin, Penobscot, Piscataquis, Knox, and Waldo Counties.





 &ldquo;This important investment will help low-income families across Maine
maintain good, safe homes,&rdquo; the Senators said in a joint statement.
&ldquo;Maine's bitterly cold winters present serious challenges for our state's
most vulnerable families, and this funding will help dozens of Mainers prepare
their homes for the coming months.&rdquo;



 USDA's Housing Preservation Grant program provides grants to sponsoring
organizations for the repair or rehabilitation of housing occupied by low and
very low-income individuals. The rural development funds provided through this
program will be combined with funding from other Maine-based organizations to
provide assistance to those in need.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              30 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Malakoff News (Texas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 18, 2014

Council approves EDC expenditures

BYLINE: The Malakoff News staff

LENGTH: 261  words


The News Correspondent MALAKOFF - The Malakoff City Council made short work of
its agenda during July 14's monthly meeting, approving five items before
adjourning in less than 10 minutes.

Members approved one item which included three requests from the Malakoff
Economic Development Corp.'s board to spend EDC funds. That includes $4,200 to
Estella Lyon to help cover costs of Sully's Loop, an extension of Jake's Skate
Park; $400 to the local Dad's Club for a handrail that complies with the
Americans with Disabilities Act; and $6,400 to Rachel's Bakery and Cafe for
capital improvements, which will include adding a drive-thru to the business,
said owner Rachel Erickson, and also pays costs for placing a natural gas line,
she added.

The council also approved a resolution authorizing pre-application for a housing
preservation grant from the United States Dept. of Agriculture's Rural Housing
Service. The council resolution also authorizes Mayor Pro Tern Tim Trimble to
act as the city's authorized representative in all matters pertaining to the
city's participation in the housing preservation grant program. This program is
similar to other government grants the city has gained over the past several
months to repair local homes, City Administrator Ann Barker told council
members. The council also voted to reappoint Kasey Jamison and council member
Vincent Bailey Jr. to the Malakoff EDC for two-year terms. The fourth and fifth
items approved during the meeting included the minutes of last month's regular
meeting, and paying the city's obligations for May.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MLN

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2014 The Malakoff News


                              31 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Malakoff News (Texas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 July 18, 2014

Council approves EDC expenditures

BYLINE: The Malakoff News staff

LENGTH: 257  words


MALAKOFF - The Malakoff City Council made short work of its agenda during July
14's monthly meeting, approving five items before adjourning in less than 10
minutes.

Members approved one item which included three requests from the Malakoff
Economic Development Corp.'s board to spend EDC funds. That includes $4,200 to
Estella Lyon to help cover costs of Sully's Loop, an extension of Jake's Skate
Park; $400 to the local Dad's Club for a handrail that complies with the
Americans with Disabilities Act; and $6,400 to Rachel's Bakery and Cafe for
capital improvements, which will include adding a drive-thru to the business,
said owner Rachel Erickson, and also pays costs for placing a natural gas line,
she added The council also approved a resolution authorizing pre-application for
a housing preservation grant from the United States Dept. of Agriculture's Rural
Housing Service. The council resolution also authorizes Mayor Pro Tem Tim
Trimble to act as the city's authorized representative in all matters pertaining
to the city's participation in the housing preservation grant program. This
program is similar to other government grants the city has gained over the past
several months to repair local homes, City Administrator Ann Barker told council
members. The council also voted to reappoint Kasey Jamison and council member
Vincent Bailey Jr. to the Malakoff EDC for two-year terms. The fourth and fifth
items approved during the meeting included the minutes of last month's regular
meeting, and paying the city's obligations for May.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MLN

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2014 The Malakoff News


                              32 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 20, 2013 Thursday

Utah: USDA Seeks Applications for Grants to Improve the Quality of Rural Housing

LENGTH: 676  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Agriculture, The State of Utah has issued the following news
release:

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is accepting
applications for grants to help low- and very-low-income rural residents repair
their homes. USDA remains focused on carrying out its mission, despite a time of
significant budget uncertainty. Today's announcement is one part of the
Department's efforts to strengthen the rural economy.

"The Obama Administration and USDA are working to ensure that rural homeowners
and renters have safe, affordable and sanitary places to live," Vilsack said.
"These grant funds will help low- and very-low-income residents in our rural
communities maintain and repair their homes and make them more
energy-efficient."

Grants are provided to qualified intermediaries such as town or county
governments, public agencies, community organizations, federally recognized
Indian Tribes, non-profit and faith-based organizations. The grants are then
distributed to qualified homeowners or owners of multi-family rental properties
or cooperative dwellings who rent to low- and very-low-income residents. The
grants can be used to weatherize and repair existing structures, install or
improve plumbing or provide access to people with disabilities. In addition, the
program assists rental property owners and cooperative housing complexes in
repairing and rehabilitating their units if they agree to make such units
available to low- and very low-income persons.

Here is how the Housing Preservation Grant Program helped improve the housing
conditions for an elderly Madison, Ind., resident living on a fixed income.
Elizabeth Young received an HPG grant in addition to funds from the Indiana
Housing and Community Development Authority and the city of Madison.

USDA's home inspection found rotted window sills, numerous leaks, obsolete
electrical wiring and other items in need of repair. All of these defects have
been addressed, thanks to the collaboration between USDA and state and local
partners. Workers installed new gutters and downspouts, repaired and/or replaced
vinyl siding and trim, installed new "energy star" doors, upgraded plumbing and
electric systems, and made a host of other repairs. Now, Ms. Young, who has
lived in her home for more than 40 years, has a safe and barrier-free home.

For additional information on eligibility for Housing Preservation Grants,
please see the June 18, 2013 Federal Register.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way -
strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities. USDA's
investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that stands as
the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture Secretary
Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of Federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

USDA, through its Rural Development mission area, has a portfolio of programs
designed to improve the economic stability of rural communities, businesses,
residents, farmers and ranchers and improve the quality of life in rural
America. USDA has made a concerted effort to deliver results for the American
people, even as the Department implements sequestration - the across-the-board
budget reductions mandated under terms of the Budget Control Act.

USDA has already undertaken historic efforts since 2009 to save more than $828
million in taxpayer funds through targeted, common-sense budget reductions.
These reductions have put USDA in a better position to carry out its mission,
while implementing sequester budget reductions in a fair manner that causes as
little disruption as possible.

For further information please visit: http://www.usda.gov/.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 6, 2014 Saturday

Leahy: Vermont Nets $250,000 For Low-Income Housing Improvements

LENGTH: 442  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Patrick Leahy, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) Thursday joined in announcing $250,000 in awards
to four organizations across Vermont to improve housing conditions for
low-income rural residents.  Two of the grants were given preference because of
the Leahy-led Rural Economic Area Partnership (REAP) Zone in Vermont's Northeast
Kingdom -- a USDA Rural Development Designation recognizing the unique rural
nature of a region that prioritizes the region's grant applications.  Thanks in
part to Vermont's REAP Zone status, Vermont received more than nearly every
other state in this round of awards, second only to California.

Leahy said:  "These are community-strengthening investments that will make a
real difference to families in Vermont.  The NEK's REAP Zone continues to be a
catalyst for investment in housing, infrastructure and economic growth in the
region."

USDA Rural Development New Hampshire and Vermont State Director Ted Brady said:
"These USDA grants enable low-income homeowners to address major safety, health
and weatherization concerns in their homes, reducing the likelihood that they'll
lose their home or be forced to move. Vermont is fortunate that a provision of
the 2014 Farm Bill authored by Senator Leahy gives organizations from the
Northeast Kingdom of Vermont preference in receiving these funds."

Leahy was instrumental in securing the NEK REAP Zone in 2000 and won an
extension of the designation in this year's Farm Bill.  The NEK's REAP Zone
status has been the key to securing ongoing investments in collaborative and
citizen-led efforts to strengthen economic development.  These latest grants
were awarded through the USDA Rural Development's Housing Preservation Grant
Program, which provides assistance to low-income homeowners to repair and
rehabilitate their homes.  The grants were part of $4.8 million released by the
Housing Preservation Grant Program on Thursday.

The grants were awarded to Northeast Employment and Training Organization,
Vermont Center for Independent Living, Southeastern Vermont Community Action and
Gilman Housing Trust, Inc. to make weatherization and efficiency improvements to
more than 60 low-income homes.

The grants are listed below:

Vermont Center for Independent Living:                    $25,000

Southeastern Vermont Community Action:                $25,000

Northeast Employment and Training Organization:   $100,000

Gilman Housing Trust, Inc.:                                        $100,000

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 6, 2014 Saturday

Leahy: Vermont Nets $250,000 For Low-Income Housing Improvements

LENGTH: 442  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Patrick Leahy, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

Senator Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) Thursday joined in announcing $250,000 in awards
to four organizations across Vermont to improve housing conditions for
low-income rural residents.  Two of the grants were given preference because of
the Leahy-led Rural Economic Area Partnership (REAP) Zone in Vermont's Northeast
Kingdom -- a USDA Rural Development Designation recognizing the unique rural
nature of a region that prioritizes the region's grant applications.  Thanks in
part to Vermont's REAP Zone status, Vermont received more than nearly every
other state in this round of awards, second only to California.

Leahy said:  "These are community-strengthening investments that will make a
real difference to families in Vermont.  The NEK's REAP Zone continues to be a
catalyst for investment in housing, infrastructure and economic growth in the
region."

USDA Rural Development New Hampshire and Vermont State Director Ted Brady said:
"These USDA grants enable low-income homeowners to address major safety, health
and weatherization concerns in their homes, reducing the likelihood that they'll
lose their home or be forced to move. Vermont is fortunate that a provision of
the 2014 Farm Bill authored by Senator Leahy gives organizations from the
Northeast Kingdom of Vermont preference in receiving these funds."

Leahy was instrumental in securing the NEK REAP Zone in 2000 and won an
extension of the designation in this year's Farm Bill.  The NEK's REAP Zone
status has been the key to securing ongoing investments in collaborative and
citizen-led efforts to strengthen economic development.  These latest grants
were awarded through the USDA Rural Development's Housing Preservation Grant
Program, which provides assistance to low-income homeowners to repair and
rehabilitate their homes.  The grants were part of $4.8 million released by the
Housing Preservation Grant Program on Thursday.

The grants were awarded to Northeast Employment and Training Organization,
Vermont Center for Independent Living, Southeastern Vermont Community Action and
Gilman Housing Trust, Inc. to make weatherization and efficiency improvements to
more than 60 low-income homes.

The grants are listed below:

Vermont Center for Independent Living:                    $25,000

Southeastern Vermont Community Action:                $25,000

Northeast Employment and Training Organization:   $100,000

Gilman Housing Trust, Inc.:                                        $100,000

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 20, 2015 Wednesday

FEDERAL REGISTER: Notice of Solicitation of Applications (NOSA) for the Section
533 Housing Preservation Grants for Fiscal Year (FY) 2015

LENGTH: 6665  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:

DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE Rural Housing Service Notice of Solicitation of
Applications (NOSA) for the Section 533 Housing Preservation Grants for Fiscal
Year (FY) 2015 ACTION: Notice.
----------------------------------------------------------------------- SUMMARY:
The Rural Housing Service (RHS), an agency within Rural Development, announces
that it is soliciting competitive applications under its Housing Preservation
Grant (HPG) program. This action is taken to comply with Agency regulations
found in 7 CFR part 1944, subpart N, which requires the Agency to announce the
opening and closing dates for receipt of pre-applications for HPG funds from
eligible applicants. DATES: The closing deadline for receipt of all
pre-applications in response to this Notice is 5:00 p.m., local time for each
Rural Development State Office on July 6, 2015. Rural Development State Office
locations can be found at: http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. The
application should be submitted to the Rural Development State Office where the
project will be located. If submitting the pre-application in electronic format,
the closing deadline for receipt is 5:00 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time on July 6,
2015. The application closing deadline is firm as to date and hour. RHS will not
consider any application that is received after the closing deadline. Applicants
intending to mail applications must provide sufficient time to permit delivery
on or before the closing deadline date and time. Acceptance by the United States
Postal Service or private mailer does not constitute delivery. Facsimile (FAX)
and postage due applications will not be accepted. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION
CONTACT: For general information, applicants may contact Bonnie Edwards-Jackson,
Finance and Loan Analyst, Multi- Family Housing Preservation and Direct Loan
Division, USDA Rural Development, Stop 0781, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-0781, telephone (202) 690-0759 (voice) (this is not a toll
free number) or (800) 877-8339 (TDD-Federal Information Relay Service) or via
email at, Bonnie.Edwards@wdc.usda.gov SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Overview
Federal Agency Name: USDA Rural Housing Service. Funding Opportunity Title:
Housing Preservation Grants. Announcement Type: Notice. Catalog of Federal
Domestic Assistance Number: 10.433. Dates: July 6, 2015. Paperwork Reduction Act
The reporting requirements contained in this Notice have been approved by the
Office of Management and Budget under Control Number 0575-0115. A. Program
Description The HPG program is a grant program, authorized under 42 U.S.C. 1490m
and implemented at 7 CFR part 1944, subpart N, which provides qualified public
agencies, private non-profit organizations including, but not limited to,
faith-based and neighborhood partnerships, and other eligible entities, grant
funds to assist low- and very low-income homeowners in repairing and
rehabilitating their homes in rural areas. In addition, the HPG program assists
rental property owners and cooperative housing complexes in rural areas in
repairing and rehabilitating their units if they agree to make such units
available to low- and very low-income persons. B. Federal Award Information The
funding instrument for the HPG program will be a grant agreement. The term of
the grant can vary from 1 to 2 years, depending on available funds and demand.
No maximum or minimum grant levels have been established at the National level.
In accordance with 7 CFR 1944.652, coordination and leveraging of funding for
repair and rehabilitation activities with housing and community development
organizations or activities operating in the same geographic area are expected,
but not required. You should contact the Rural Development State Office to
determine the allocation. HPG applicants who were previously selected for HPG
funds are eligible to submit new applications to apply for FY 2015 HPG program
funds. New HPG applications must be submitted for the renewal or supplementation
of existing HPG repair and/or rehabilitation projects that will be completed
with FY 2015 HPG funds. For Fiscal Year 2015, the amount of funding available
for the HPG Program can be found at the following link:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/newsroom/notices-solicitation-applications-nosas#nosa.
Priorities such as Rural Economic Area Partnership Zones and other funds will be
distributed under a formula allocation to states pursuant to 7 CFR part 1940,
subpart L, ``Methodology and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant Program
Funds.'' Decisions on funding will be based on pre- application scores. Anyone
interested in submitting an application for funding under this program is
encouraged to consult the Rural Development Web site periodically for updated
information regarding the status of funding authorized for this program. The
commitment of program dollars will be made to selected applicants that have
fulfilled the necessary requirements for obligation. C. Eligibility Information
1. Eligible Applicants. Eligible entities for these competitively awarded grants
include state and local governments, non-profit corporations, which may include,
but not be limited to faith-based and community organizations, Federally
recognized Indian tribes, and consortia of eligible entities. HPG applicants who
were previously selected for HPG funds are eligible to submit new applications
to apply for FY 2015 HPG program funds. More eligibility requirements can be
found at 7 CFR 1944.658, 1944.661, and 1944.662. 2. Cost Sharing or Matching.
Pursuant to 7 CFR 1944.652, grantees are expected to coordinate and leverage
funding for repair and rehabilitation activities, as well as replacement
housing, with housing and community development organizations or activities
operating in the same geographic area. While HPG funds may be leveraged with
other resources, cost sharing or matching is not a requirement that the HPG
applicant do so as the HPG applicant would not be denied an award of HPG funds
if all other project selection criteria have been met. 3. Other. Awards made
under this Notice are subject to the provisions contained in the Consolidated
and Further Appropriations Act 2015, Public [[Page 28944]] Law 113-235, sections
738 and 739 regarding corporate felony convictions and corporate Federal tax
delinquencies. To comply with these provisions, only selected applicants that
are or propose to be corporations will submit this form as part of their
pre-application. Form AD-3030 can be found here:
http://www.ocio.usda.gov/document/ad3030. D. Application and Submission
Information 1. Address to Request Application Package. Applicants wishing to
submit a paper application in response to this Notice must contact the Rural
Development State Office serving the state of the proposed HPG housing project
in order to receive further information and copies of the paper application
package. You may find the addresses and contact information for each state
office following this web link, http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices.
Rural Development will date and time stamp incoming paper applications to
evidence timely receipt and, upon request, will provide the applicant with a
written acknowledgment of receipt. You may access the electronic grant pre-
application for Housing Preservation Grants at: http://www.grants.gov. 2.
Content and Form of Application: 7 CFR part 1944, subpart N provides details on
what information must be contained in the pre- application package. Entities
wishing to apply for assistance should contact the Rural Development State
Office to receive further information, the State allocation of funds, and copies
of the pre- application package. Unless otherwise noted, applicants wishing to
apply for assistance must make its statement of activities available to the
public for comment. The applicant(s) must announce the availability of its
statement of activities for review in a newspaper of general circulation in the
project area and allow at least 15 days for public comment. The start of this
15-day period must occur no later than 16 days prior to the last day for
acceptance of pre-applications by USDA Rural Development. Federally recognized
Indian tribes, pursuant to 7 CFR 1944.674, are exempt from the requirement to
consult with local leaders including announcing the availability of its
statement of activities for review in a newspaper. All applicants will file an
original and two copies of Standard Form (SF) 424, ``Application for Federal
Assistance,'' and supporting information with the appropriate Rural Development
State Office. A pre- application package, including SF-424, is available in any
Rural Development State Office. All pre-applications shall be accompanied by the
following information which Rural Development will use to determine the
applicant's eligibility to undertake the HPG program and to evaluate the
pre-application under the project selection criteria of 7 CFR 1944.679. (a) A
statement of activities proposed by the applicant for its HPG program as
appropriate to the type of assistance the applicant is proposing, including: (1)
A complete discussion of the type of and conditions for financial assistance for
housing preservation, including whether the request for assistance is for a
homeowner assistance program, a rental property assistance program, or a
cooperative assistance program; (2) The process for selecting recipients for HPG
assistance, determining housing preservation needs of the dwelling, performing
the necessary work, and monitoring/inspecting work performed; (3) A description
of the process for identifying potential environmental impacts in accordance
with 7 CFR 1944.672 and the provisions for compliance with Stipulation I, A-G of
the Programmatic Memorandum of Agreement, also known as PMOA, (RD Instruction
2000-FF, available in any Rural Development State Office) in accordance with 7
CFR 1944.673(b); (4) The development standard(s) the applicant will use for the
housing preservation work; and, if not the Rural Development standards for
existing dwellings, the evidence of its acceptance by the jurisdiction where the
grant will be implemented; (5) The time schedule for completing the program; (6)
The staffing required to complete the program; (7) The estimated number of very
low- and low-income minority and nonminority persons the grantee will assist
with HPG funds; and, if a rental property or cooperative assistance program, the
number of units and the term of restrictive covenants on their use for very low-
and low-income; (8) The geographical area(s) to be served by the HPG program;
(9) The annual estimated budget for the program period based on the financial
needs to accomplish the objectives outlined in the proposal. The budget should
include proposed direct and indirect administrative costs, such as personnel,
fringe benefits, travel, equipment, supplies, contracts, and other cost
categories, detailing those costs for which the grantee proposes to use the HPG
grant separately from non-HPG resources, if any. The applicant budget should
also include a schedule (with amounts) of how the applicant proposes to draw HPG
grant funds, i.e., monthly, quarterly, lump sum for program activities, etc.;
(10) A copy of an indirect cost proposal when the applicant has another source
of Federal funding in addition to the Rural Development HPG program; (11) A
brief description of the accounting system to be used; (12) The method of
evaluation to be used by the applicant to determine the effectiveness of its
program which encompasses the requirements for quarterly reports to Rural
Development in accordance with 7 CFR 1944.683(b) and the monitoring plan for
rental properties and cooperatives (when applicable) according to 7 CFR
1944.689; (13) The source and estimated amount of other financial resources to
be obtained and used by the applicant for both HPG activities and housing
development and/or supporting activities; (14) The use of program income, if
any, and the tracking system used for monitoring same; (15) The applicant's plan
for disposition of any security instruments held by them as a result of its HPG
activities in the event of its loss of legal status; (16) Any other information
necessary to explain the proposed HPG program; and (17) The outreach efforts
outlined in 7 CFR 1944.671(b). (b) Complete information about the applicant's
experience and capacity to carry out the objectives of the proposed HPG program.
(c) Evidence of the applicant's legal existence, including, in the case of a
private non-profit organization, which may include, but not be limited to,
faith-based and community organizations, a copy of, or an accurate reference to,
the specific provisions of State law under which the applicant is organized; a
certified copy of the applicant's Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws or other
evidence of corporate existence; certificate of incorporation for other than
public bodies; evidence of good standing from the State when the corporation has
been in existence 1 year or more; and the names and addresses of the applicant's
members, directors and officers. If other organizations are members of the
applicant-organization, or the applicant is a consortium, pre-applications
should be accompanied by the names, addresses, and principal purpose of the
other organizations. If the [[Page 28945]] applicant is a consortium,
documentation showing compliance with paragraph (4)(ii) under the definition of
``organization'' in 7 CFR 1944.656 must also be included. (d) For a private
non-profit entity, which may include, but not be limited to, faith-based and
community organizations, the most recent audited statement and a current
financial statement dated and signed by an authorized officer of the entity
showing the amounts and specific nature of assets and liabilities together with
information on the repayment schedule and status of any debt(s) owed by the
applicant. (e) A brief narrative statement which includes information about the
area to be served and the need for improved housing (including both percentage
and the actual number of both low-income and low-income minority households and
substandard housing), the need for the type of housing preservation assistance
being proposed, the anticipated use of HPG resources for historic properties,
the method of evaluation to be used by the applicant in determining the
effectiveness of its efforts. (f) A statement containing the component for
alleviating any overcrowding as defined by 7 CFR 1944.656. (g) Applicant must
submit an original and one copy of Form RD 1940- 20, ``Request for Environmental
Information,'' prepared in accordance with Exhibit F-1 of RD Instruction 1944-N
(available in any Rural Development State Office). (h) Applicant must also
submit a description of its process for: (1) Identifying and rehabilitating
properties listed on or eligible for listing on the National Register of
Historic Places; (2) Identifying properties that are located in a floodplain or
wetland; (3) Identifying properties located within the Coastal Barrier Resources
System; and (4) Coordinating with other public and private organizations and
programs that provide assistance in the rehabilitation of historic properties
(Stipulation I, D, of the PMOA, RD Instruction 2000-FF, available as an
electronic document and in any Rural Development State Office). (i) The
applicant must also submit evidence of the State Historic Preservation Office's,
(SHPO), concurrence in the proposal, or in the event of non-concurrence, a copy
of SHPO's comments together with evidence that the applicant has received the
Advisory Council on Historic Preservation's advice as to how the disagreement
might be resolved, and a copy of any advice provided by the Council. (j) The
applicant must submit written statements and related correspondence reflecting
compliance with 7 CFR 1944.674(a) and (c) regarding consultation with local
government leaders in the preparation of its program and the consultation with
local and state government pursuant to the provisions of Executive Order 12372.
(k) The applicant is to make its statement of activities available to the public
for comment prior to submission to Rural Development pursuant to 7 CFR
1944.674(b). The application must contain a description of how the comments (if
any were received) were addressed. (l) The applicant must submit an original and
one copy of Form RD 400-1, ``Equal Opportunity Agreement,'' and Form RD 400-4,
``Assurance Agreement,'' in accordance with 7 CFR 1944.676. Applicants should
review 7 CFR part 1944, subpart N for a comprehensive list of all application
requirements. 3. Address unique entity identifier and System for Award
Management (SAM). As part of the application, all applicants, except for
individuals or agencies excepted under 2 CFR 25.110(d), must be: (1) Registered
in the System for Award Management (SAM); (2) provide a valid unique entity
identifier in its applications; and (3) maintain an active SAM registration with
current information at all times during which it has an active Federal award or
application. An award may not be made to the applicant until the applicant has
complied with the unique entity identifier and SAM requirements. 4.
Intergovernmental Review Intergovernmental Review. The HPG program is subject to
the provisions of Executive Order 12372, which requires intergovernmental
consultation with State and local officials. 5. Funding Restrictions. There are
no limits on proposed direct and indirect costs. Expenses incurred in developing
pre-applications will be at the applicant's risk. 6. Other Submission
Requirements. To comply with the President's Management Agenda, the Department
of Agriculture is participating as a partner in the Government-wide Grants.gov
site. Housing Preservation Grants [Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance
#10.433] is one of the programs included at this Web site. If you are an
applicant under the Housing Preservation Grant program, you may submit your
pre-application to the Agency in either electronic or paper format. Please be
mindful that the pre-application deadline for electronic format differs from the
deadline for paper format. The electronic format deadline will be based on
Eastern Standard Time. The paper format deadline is local time for each Rural
Development State Office. Users of Grants.gov will be able to download a copy of
the pre- application package, complete it off line, and then upload and submit
the application via the Grants.gov site. You may not email an electronic copy of
a grant pre-application to USDA Rural Development; however, the Agency
encourages your participation in Grants.gov. The following are useful tips and
instructions on how to use the Web site:  When you enter the Grants.gov site,
you will find
information about submitting an application electronically through the
site as well as the hours of operation. USDA Rural Development strongly
recommends that you do not wait until the application deadline date to
begin the application process through Grants.gov. To use Grants.gov,
applicants must have a DUNS number.
     You may submit all documents electronically through the
Web site, including all information typically included on the
Application for Rural Housing Preservation Grants, and all necessary
assurances and certifications.
     After you electronically submit your application through
the Web site, you will receive an automatic acknowledgement from
Grants.gov that contains a Grants.gov tracking number.
     RHS may request that you provide original signatures on
forms at a later date.
     If you experience technical difficulties on the closing
date and are unable to meet the 5:00 p.m. (Eastern Standard Time)
deadline, print out your application and submit it to your State
Office, you must meet the closing date and local time deadline.
     Please note that you must locate the downloadable
application package for this program by the CFDA Number or FedGrants
Funding Opportunity Number, which can be found at http://www.grants.gov.
    In addition to the electronic pre- application at the http://www.grants.gov
Web site, all applicants must complete and submit the
Fiscal Year 2015 pre-application package, detailed later in this
Notice, for Section 533 HPG. A copy of a suggested coversheet is
included with this Notice. Applicants are encouraged to submit this
pre-application coversheet electronically by accessing the Web site:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/

[[Page 28946]]

housing-preservation-grants. Click on the Forms & Resources tab to
access the ``Fiscal Year 2015 Pre-application for Section 533 Housing
Preservation Grants (HPG).''
    Applicants are encouraged but not required, to also provide an
electronic copy of all hard copy forms and documents submitted in the
pre-application/application package as requested by this Notice. The
forms and documents must be submitted as read-only Adobe Acrobat PDF
files on an electronic media such as CDs, DVDs or USB drives. For each
electronic device that you submit, you must include a Table of Contents
listing all of the documents and forms on that device. The electronic
medium must be submitted to the local Rural Development State Office
where the project will be located.

Please Note:  If you receive a loan or grant award under this
Notice, USDA reserves the right to post all information that is not
protected by the Privacy Act submitted as part of the pre-
application/application package on a public Web site with free and
open access to any member of the public.

E. Application Review Information

1. Criteria. All paper applications for Section 533 funds must be
filed with the appropriate Rural Development State Office and all paper
or electronic applications must meet the requirements of this Notice
and 7 CFR part 1944, subpart N. Pre-applications determined not
eligible and/or not meeting the selection criteria will be notified by
the Rural Development State Office.
    2. Review and Selection Process. The Rural Development State
Offices will utilize the following threshold project selection criteria
for applicants in accordance with 7 CFR 1944.679:
    (a) Providing a financially feasible program of housing
preservation assistance. ``Financially feasible'' is defined as
proposed assistance which will be affordable to the intended recipient
or result in affordable housing for very low- and low-income persons.
    (b) Serving eligible rural areas with a concentration of
substandard housing for households with very low- and low-income.
    (c) Being an eligible applicant as defined in 7 CFR 1944.658.
    (d) Meeting the requirements of consultation and public comment in
accordance with 7 CFR 1944.674.
    (e) Submitting a complete pre-application as outlined in 7 CFR
1944.676.
    3. Scoring. For applicants meeting all of the requirements listed
above, the Rural Development State Offices will use weighted criteria
in accordance with 7 CFR part 1944, subpart N as selection for the
grant recipients. Each pre-application and its accompanying statement
of activities will be evaluated and, based solely on the information
contained in the pre-application, the applicant's proposal will be
numerically rated on each criteria within the range provided. The
highest-ranking applicant(s) will be selected based on allocation of
funds available to the state.
    (a) Points are awarded based on the percentage of very low-income
persons that the applicant proposes to assist, using the following
scale:

(1) More than 80%: 20 points
(2) 61% to 80%: 15 points
(3) 41% to 60%: 10 points
(4) 20% to 40%: 5 points
(5) Less than 20%: 0 points

(b) The applicant's proposal may be expected to result in the
following percentage of HPG fund use (excluding administrative costs)
to total cost of unit preservation. This percentage reflects maximum
repair or rehabilitation with the least possible HPG funds due to
leveraging, innovative financial assistance, owner's contribution or
other specified approaches. Points are awarded based on the following
percentage of HPG funds (excluding administrative costs) to total
funds:

(1) 50% or less: 20 points
(2) 51% to 65%: 15 points
(3) 66% to 80%: 10 points
(4) 81% to 95%: 5 points
(5) 96% to 100%: 0 points

(c) The applicant has demonstrated its administrative capacity in
assisting very low- and low-income persons to obtain adequate housing
based on the following:
    (1) The organization or a member of its staff has at least one or
more years experience successfully managing and operating a
rehabilitation or weatherization type program: 10 points.
    (2) The organization or a member of its staff has at least one or
more years experience successfully managing and operating a program
assisting very low- and low-income persons obtain housing assistance:
10 points.
    (3) If the organization has administered grant programs, there are
no outstanding or unresolved audit or investigative findings which
might impair carrying out the proposal: 10 points.
    (d) The proposed program will be undertaken entirely in rural areas
outside Metropolitan Statistical Areas, also known as MSAs, identified
by Rural Development as having populations below 10,000 or in remote
parts of other rural areas (i.e., rural areas contained in MSAs with
less than 5,000 population) as defined in 7 CFR 1944.656: 10 points.
    (e) The program will use less than 20 percent of HPG funds for
administration purposes:

(1) More than 20%: Not eligible
(2) 20%: 0 points
(3) 19%: 1 point
(4) 18%: 2 points
(5) 17%: 3 points
(6) 16%: 4 points
(7) 15% or less: 5 points
(f) The proposed program contains a component for alleviating
overcrowding as defined in 7 CFR 1944.656: 5 points.

In the event more than one pre-application receives the same amount
of points, those pre-applications will then be ranked based on the
actual percentage figure used for determining the points. Further, in
the event that pre-applications are still tied, then those pre-
applications still tied will be ranked based on the percentage for HPG
fund use (low to high). Further, for applications where assistance to
rental properties or cooperatives is proposed, those still tied will be
further ranked based on the number of years the units are available for
occupancy under the program (a minimum of 5 years is required). For
this part, ranking will be based from most to least number of years.
    Finally, if there is still a tie, then a lottery system will be
used. After the award selections are made, all applicants will be
notified of the status of their applications by mail.

F. Federal Award Administration Information

1. Federal Award Notices. The Agency will notify, in writing,
applicants whose pre-applications have been selected for funding. At
the time of notification, the Agency will advise the applicant what
further information and documentation is required along with a timeline
for submitting the additional information. If the Agency determines it
is unable to select the application for funding, the applicant will be
so informed in writing. Such notification will include the reasons the
applicant was not selected. The Agency will advise applicants, whose
pre-applications did not meet eligibility and/or selection criteria, of
their review rights or appeal rights in accordance with 7 CFR 1944.682.
    2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements. Rural
Development is encouraging applications for projects that will support
rural areas where, according to the American Community Survey data by
census tracts, at least 20

[[Page 28947]]

percent of the population is living in persistent poverty. This
emphasis will support Rural Development's mission of improving the
quality of life for Rural Americans and commitment to directing
resources to those who most need them. A persistent poverty county is a
classification for counties in the United States that have had a
relatively high rate of poverty over a long period.
    3. Reporting. Post- award reporting requirements can be found in
the Grant Agreement.

G. Non-Discrimination Statement

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination
against its customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the
basis of race, color, national origin, age, disability, sex, gender
identity, religion, reprisal and where applicable, political beliefs,
marital status, familial or parental status, religion, sexual
orientation, or all or part of an individual's income is derived from
any public assistance program, or protected genetic information in
employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the
Department. (Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or
employment activities.)
    If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of
discrimination, complete the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form
(PDF), found online at http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or
at any USDA office, or call (866) 632-
9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing all of
the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint
form or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture,
Director, Office of Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW.,
Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax (202) 690-7442 or email at
program.intake@usda.gov
    Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech
disabilities and you wish to file either an EEO or program complaint
please contact USDA through the Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339
or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).
    Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint,
please see information above on how to contact us by mail directly or
by email. If you require alternative means of communication for program
information (e.g., Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please
contact USDA's TARGET Center at (202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).

Dated: May 14, 2015.
Tony J. Hernandez,
Administrator, Rural Housing Service.

Fiscal Year 2015 Pre-application for Section 533 Housing Preservation
Grants (HPG) Instructions

Applicants are encouraged, but not required, to submit this pre-
application form electronically by accessing the Web site:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/housing-preservation-grants. Click on
the Forms & Resources tab to access the ``Fiscal Year 2015 Pre-
application for Section 533 Housing Preservation Grants (HPG).'' Please
note that electronic submittals are not on a secured Web site. If you
do not wish to submit the form electronically by clicking on the Send
Form button, you may still fill out the form, print it and submit it
with your application package to the State Office. You also have the
option to save the form, and submit it on an electronic media to the
State Office.
    Supporting documentation required by this pre-application may be
attached to the email generated when you click the Send Form button to
submit the form. However if the attachments are too numerous or large
in size, the email box will not be able to accept them. In that case,
submit the supporting documentation for this pre-application to the
State Office with your complete application package under item IX.
    Documents Submitted, indicate the supporting documents that you are
submitting either with the pre-application or to the State Office.

I. Applicant Information

a. Applicant's Name:

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
b. Applicant's Address:

Address, Line 1:-------------------------------------------------------
Address, Line 2:-------------------------------------------------------
City: ___ State: __ Zip: _
c. Name of Applicant's Contact Person:
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
d. Contact Person's Telephone Number: __
e. Contact Person's Email Address:
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
f. Entity Type: [ballot] State Government [ballot] [ballot] Local
Government
    (Check One) [ballot] Non-Profit Corporation [ballot] [ballot]
Federally Recognized Indian Tribes
    [ballot] Faith-Based and neighborhood partnership
    [ballot] Community Organization
    [ballot] Other consortia of an eligible entity

II. Project Information

a. Project Name:
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
b. Project Address:
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
Address, Line 1:-------------------------------------------------------
Address, Line 2:-------------------------------------------------------
City: ___ State: __ Zip: _
c. Organization DUNS number: __
d. Grant Amount Requested: __
e. This grant request is for one of the following types of assistance:
    [ballot] Homeowner assistance program
    [ballot] Rental property assistance program
    [ballot] Cooperative assistance program
f. In response to e. above, answer one of the following:
    The number of low- and very-low income persons that the grantee
will assist in the Homeowner assistance program: _ OR
    The number of units for low- and very-low income persons in the
Rental property or Cooperative assistance program: _

g. This proposal is for one of the following:
    [ballot] Housing Preservation Grant (HPG) program (no set-aside)
    [ballot] Set-aside for Grant located in a Rural Economic Area
Partnership (REAP) zone

III. Low-income Assistance

Check the percentage of very low-income persons that this pre-
application proposes to assist in relation to the total population of
the project:

[ballot] More than 80 percent (20 points)
    [ballot] 61 percent to 80 percent (15 points)
    [ballot] 41 percent to 60 percent (10 points)
    [ballot] 20 percent to 40 percent (5 points)
    [ballot] Less than 20 percent (0 points)
    Points: _
    IV. Percent of HPG Fund Use
    Check the percentage of HPG fund use (excluding administrative
costs) in comparison to the total cost of unit preservation. This
percentage reflects maximum repair or rehabilitation results with the
least possible HPG funds due to leveraging, innovative financial
assistance, owner's contribution or other specified approaches.
    [ballot] 50 percent or less of HPG Funds (20 points)
    [ballot] 51 percent to 65 percent of HPG Funds (15 points)
    [ballot] 66 percent to 80 percent of HPG Funds (10 points)
    [ballot] 81 percent to 95 percent of HPG Funds (5 points)
    [ballot] 96 percent to 100 percent of HPG Funds (0 points)
    Points: _

V. Administrative Capacity

The following three criteria demonstrate your administrative

[[Page 28948]]

capacity to assist very low- and low-income persons to obtain adequate
housing (30 points maximum).
    a. Does this organization or a member of its staff have at least
one or more years of experience successfully managing and operating a
rehabilitation or weatherization type of program? (10 points) Yes _ No
_ Points: _
    b. Does this organization or a member of its staff have at least
one or more years of experience successfully managing and operating a
program assisting very low- or low-income persons obtain housing
assistance? (10 points) Yes _ No _ Points: _
    c. If this organization has administered grant programs, are there
any outstanding or unresolved audit or investigative findings which
might impair carrying out the proposal? (10 points for No) No _ Yes _
Points: _
    If Yes, please explain:

VI. Area Served

Will this proposal be undertaken entirely in rural areas outside
Metropolitan Statistical Areas, also known as MSAs, and identified by
Rural Development as having populations below 10,000 or in remote parts
of other rural areas (i.e., rural areas contained in MSAs with a
population of less than 5,000) as defined in 7CFR 1944.656? (10 points)
Yes _ No _ Points: _

VII. Percent of HPG Funds for Administration

Check the percentage of HPG funds that will be used for
Administration purposes:

[square] More than 20 percent (Not eligible)
[square] 20 percent (0 points)
[square] 19 percent (1 point)
[square] 18 percent (2 points)
[square] 17 percent (3 points)
[square] 16 percent (4 points)
[square] 15 percent or less (5 points)
Points: _

VIII. Alleviating Overcrowding

Does the proposed program contain a component for alleviating
overcrowding as defined in 7 CFR 1944.656? (5 points) Yes _ No _
Points: _

IX. Documents Submitted

Check if the following documents are being submitted electronically
with this pre-application or will be mailed to the State Office with
your complete pre-application package.
    NOTE: You are only required to submit supporting documents for
programs in which you will be participating as indicated in this pre-
application. Points will be assigned for the items that you checked
based on a review of the supporting documents.
    Please refer to the NOSA for the complete list of documents that
you are required to submit with your complete pre-application package.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------

Submitted with
          Reference                                   Item
this  Pre-     Submitted to

application    state office
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------
III..........................  Low Income Assistance.
IV...........................  Percent of HPG Fund Use.
V............................  Administrative Capacity.
VI...........................  Area Served.
VII..........................  Percent of HPG Funds for Administration.
VIII.........................  Alleviating Overcrowding.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--------------------------------

G. HPG 2015 Scoring

PLEASE NOTE: The scoring below is based on the responses that you
have provided on this pre-application form and may not accord with the
final score that the Agency assigns upon evaluating the supporting
documentation that you submit. Your score may change from what you see
here if the supporting documentation does not adequately support your
answer or, if required documentation is missing.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
               Scoring items for HPG 2015                  Points earned
------------------------------------------------------------------------
1. Low Income Assistance (5, 10, 15, 20)................  ..............
2. Percent of HPG Fund Use (5, 10, 15, 20)..............  ..............
3. Administrative Capacity (10, 20, 30).................  ..............
4. Area Served (10).....................................  ..............
5. Percent of HPG Funds for Administration (1, 2, 3, 4,   ..............
 5).....................................................
6. Alleviating Overcrowding (5).........................  ..............
    Total Score:
------------------------------------------------------------------------


------------------------------------------------------------------------

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Important
By submitting this electronic pre-application form and its supporting
 documents, you have completed one step of the application process.
You must also complete the electronic application at the http://www.grants.gov
website.
Your complete package, with all forms and supporting documents as listed
 in the NOSA, must be submitted to the local Rural Development State
 Office where the project is located for your application to be
 processed.
------------------------------------------------------------------------

[FR Doc. 2015-12224 Filed 5-19-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              36 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 24, 1983, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

POSTINGS;
A RIPPLE EFFECT?

BYLINE: By Shawn G. Kennedy

SECTION: Section 8; Page 1, Column 1; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 237 words


In every borough of the city, there are shining examples of blocks where the
home improvements made by a couple of residents have served as catalysts for the
rejuvenation of entire neighborhoods. With that sort of ripple effect in mind,
the city's Department of Housing Preservation and Development is investing
$200,000 in home improvement grants to be used in seven older neighborhoods of
Brooklyn, Queens and the Bronx.

On certain blocks of Brooklyn's Coney Island, Williamsburg, Sunset Park and
Bushwick sections, as well as in the Marble Hill section of the Bronx and
Ridgewood and Jamaica in Queens, homes will be painted and resided, sidewalks
and stoops will be repaired and trees will be planted. Under the facade and
street-improvement program, local development organizations will be responsible
for the projects and the H.P.D. grants will pay for up to 50 percent of the
costs of the work, with the rest comming from the property owners or from other
sources.

In Marble Hill, a tiny community just below Riverdale in the Bronx with a
$30,587 grant, some 40 homeowners will be working with the Marble Hill
Neighborhood Improvement Corporation.

''We have a lot of faith in the ripple effect,'' said Ann Geelan, the group's
director. ''People like the fact that even though city funds are involved, the
homes will keep their individuality.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photo of houses on Adrian Avenue in Marble Hill

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              37 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Victoria Advocate (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 22, 2010 Friday

Rep. Hinojosa presents checks to Refugio County

BYLINE: J.R. Ortega, Victoria Advocate, Texas

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 459 words


Oct. 22--REFUGIO -- Don Pullin has been the Refugio fire chief for the past 29
years.

The fire chief has seen a lot of change in the fire department since his
childhood days when his father was chief and, on Friday, he prepared for more
change when U.S. Rep. Ruben Hinojosa, D-Mercedes, presented a $60,000 grant for
two new brush trucks at the Refugio County Chamber of Commerce.

The congressman also presented a $100,000 USDA housing-preservation grant, which
will be used to repair at least 35 homes in the county.

"It's an honor for a small town to have a congressman come talk," Pullin said.
"You don't get a congressman in town everyday."

Hinojosa, whose District 15 spans 12 counties from the Rio Grande Valley up to
DeWitt County, also commended the city's efforts for not letting grant
opportunities go by.

"I know these funds are going to allow Refugio County to help those who need
help," Hinojosa said.

Indeed it will, Pullin said.

The two new brush trucks, one which has already been purchased and the other
that is on its way, will replace brush trucks made in the mid-1980s that are
still in operation, Pullin said.

"We're a small town and small community. Everything costs us the same as a big
city," he said. "Without this grant, it would be almost impossible to get the
trucks."

Refugio has three brush trucks, four engine trucks, two tankers and several
other vehicles, Pullin said.

"I know the devastation brush fires can cause. The fire can kill our livestock
and destroy our homes," he said. "I think it's time (Refugio) gets these new
trucks."

The congressman also commended the city on its Neighbors Helping Neighbors
program, which started at a church to help repair homes that needed it.

Only six or seven communities receive the housing-preservation grants, said Jake
Sheeran, the U.S. Department of Agriculture area director.

Lenny Anzaldua, the president of the Refugio County Chamber of Commerce, was
excited about that aspect.

"To receive a grant was unbelievable," Anzaldua said.

Because of the efforts in its reparation program and speedily applying for the
grants, Hinojosa said he knows the funding will be put to the best use, he said.

"The funding will help the entire community," he said. "Please take pride in
your beautiful city, county and especially the people here in Refugio."

To see more of Victoria Advocate, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thevictoriaadvocate.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Victoria Advocate, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101022-VI-Rep-Hinojosa-presents-checks-to-Refugio-County-1022-20101022

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VI


                        Copyright 2010 Victoria Advocate


                              38 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            August 3, 2005 Wednesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

DC 37'S HOUSING OFFICE A ONE-STOP SHOP

BYLINE: BY LISA L. COLANGELO

SECTION: SUBURBAN; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 542 words


DISTRICT COUNCIL 37 opened its new Affordable Housing Office this week,
providing its members with a wealth of information on homeownership.

Members can find out about down payment assistance, grants and even how to fix
their credit at the office, at DC 37's headquarters at 125 Barclay St. in
Manhattan.

"We will have a one-stop shop here," said Henry Garrido, assistant associate
director of DC 37.

The program is a joint effort of DC 37, the city's Department of Housing
Preservation and Development and Neighborhood Housing Services with a grant from
Amalgamated Bank.

Under revamped guidelines implemented by the Bloomberg administration, 5% of
Housing Preservation and Development and Housing Development
Corporation-sponsored affordable rental units and affordable homeownership units
are now set aside for municipal employees who meet certain income criteria.

The new DC 37 office will help members take advantage of this and other
available housing programs.

"We will have two full-time counselors every day," Garrido said.

"They will help people go through a screening process, review their credit to
see if they qualify for programs and create a profile."

Garrido said they hope to hold seminars on topics such as predatory lending and
credit repair.

For information on lotteries of these sponsored apartments and homes, check
their Web sites - www.nyc.gov/hpd or www.nychdc.org.

The city also has a down payment assistance program, which is open to all city
residents, not just municipal workers.

Under that program, first-time homebuyers can receive up to 6% of the purchase
price of their homes. There are income restrictions, and the homes must be
purchased in specific neighborhoods.

Call center workers file bias suit

ANGRY ABOUT its decision to move call center jobs out of lower Manhattan to
upstate, the Public Employees Federation (PEF) filed a racial discrimination
lawsuit against the state Labor Department.

"If this was a private-sector company, the governor and 9/11 organizations would
be screaming bloody murder about keeping employees in lower Manhattan," PEF
President Roger Benson said yesterday at a press conference in Foley Square.
"The fact that it's a state agency somehow escapes that scrutiny."

This year, the state announced it planned to close the call center, which
handles jobless claims, and move some jobs upstate to Troy or Endicott.

Some of the permanent workers - but not the hourly workers - will be offered the
chance to relocate.

Benson noted that the majority of the employees are minorities.

"The reality is that a large group of minorities are being hurt, and therefore
it's a violation of the law, whether they intended to do that or whether they
didn't intend to do that," he said.

One of the plaintiffs, 52-year-old Evarist Nicholas, is four years away from
retirement.

"We live here. We understand the people of New York," he said. "Do you think an
Endicott person could tell me how to get from Brooklyn to downtown?"

A spokesman for the Labor Department, said: "The Department of Labor's decision
to close the New York City Telephone Claims Center is based on the state's
improving economy that resulted in a decrease in unemployment insurance workload
and a decrease in federal funding." lcolangelo@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Daily News, L.P.


                              39 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 4, 2014 Thursday

Esty, Blumenthal, Murphy Announce Federal Grant to Help Rebuild Low-Income
Housing in Litchfield County

LENGTH: 521  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Elizabeth Esty, U.S Government has issued
the following news release:

Today, U.S. Senators Richard Blumenthal (D-Conn.) and Chris Murphy (D-Conn) and
U.S. Representative Elizabeth Esty (D-Conn.) announced that Rebuilding Together
of Litchfield County will receive a $50,000 Housing Preservation Grant from the
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA). The funds will help low-income families
in rural areas in Litchfield County renovate and repair their homes to alleviate
health and safety concerns.

"With the cold winter upon us, many families and seniors are struggling to make
necessary repairs to keep them safe in their homes. Thank you to everyone at
Rebuilding Together of Litchfield County for your commitment to helping folks
and empowering them to live independently. This grant will go a long way in
supporting their mission of building stronger, more resilient communities here
in Litchfield County," said Congresswoman Esty.

"Safe and affordable housing is a fundamental human need. I applaud Rebuilding
Together for their longtime dedication to ensuring that all Litchfield County
residents--particularly the elderly, disabled and those with young
children--have the assistance and support they need to preserve and restore the
safety and security of their own homes. I welcome this significant federal
investment, and look forward to supporting additional efforts in the future,"
said Senator Blumenthal.

"Thanks to the hard work of Rebuilding Together of Litchfield, Connecticut
families can have comfort in knowing that their homes are safe to live in. The
USDA's grant will help Rebuilding Together provide low-income households with
the home improvements they need - whether it's a new roof or a wheelchair ramp -
and I'm grateful for their efforts to prioritize the well-being of our
communities," said Senator Murphy.

"We are very thrilled with the announcements of these funds. This is a huge
benefit to us to be able to have funds which can be used in Litchfield County in
the rural areas. The grant will be used for repairing and renovating the homes
of older, single family homes, people 60 and over and who have very low or low
incomes and who are Litchfield county residents," said Ceia Webb, Executive
Director of Rebuilding Together of Litchfield County.

Rebuilding Together of Litchfield County, which is based in New Milford, is an
affiliate of the national non-profit volunteer organization, Rebuilding
Together. The organization works to preserve and revitalize low income homes,
focusing on the households of the elderly, disabled, and those supporting young
children. The group plans to use this grant to fix roofs on several seniors'
houses and build a ramp for an individual with physical disabilities.

The USDA's Housing Preservation Grant program provides grants to sponsoring
organizations for the repair or rehabilitation of low-income housing. The grants
are competitive and are made available in areas where there is a concentration
of need.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 5, 2014 Friday

Murphy, Blumenthal, Esty Announce Federal Grant to Help Rebuild Low-Income
Housing in Litchfield County

LENGTH: 518  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Chris Murphy, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Today, U.S. Senators Chris Murphy (D-Conn.) and Richard Blumenthal (D-Conn.) and
U.S. Congresswoman Elizabeth Esty (D-Conn.) announced that Rebuilding Together
of Litchfield County will receive a $50,000 Housing Preservation Grant from the
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA). The funds will help low-income families
in rural areas in Litchfield County renovate and repair their homes to alleviate
health and safety concerns.

"Thanks to the hard work of Rebuilding Together of Litchfield, Connecticut
families can have comfort in knowing that their homes are safe to live in. The
USDA's grant will help Rebuilding Together provide low-income households with
the home improvements they need - whether it's a new roof or a wheelchair ramp -
and I'm grateful for their efforts to prioritize the well-being of our
communities," said Senator Murphy.

"Safe and affordable housing is a fundamental human need. I applaud Rebuilding
Together for their longtime dedication to ensuring that all Litchfield County
residents--particularly the elderly, disabled and those with young
children--have the assistance and support they need to preserve and restore the
safety and security of their own homes. I welcome this significant federal
investment, and look forward to supporting additional efforts in the future,"
said Senator Blumenthal.

"With the cold winter upon us, many families and seniors are struggling to make
necessary repairs to keep them safe in their homes. Thank you to everyone at
Rebuilding Together of Litchfield County for your commitment to helping folks
and empowering them to live independently. This grant will go a long way in
supporting their mission of building stronger, more resilient communities here
in Litchfield County," said Congresswoman Esty.

"We are very thrilled with the announcements of these funds. This is a huge
benefit to us to be able to have funds which can be used in Litchfield County in
the rural areas. The grant will be used for repairing and renovating the homes
of older, single family homes, people 60 and over and who have very low or low
incomes and who are Litchfield county residents," said Ceia Webb, Executive
Director of Rebuilding Together of Litchfield County.

Rebuilding Together of Litchfield County, which is based in New Milford, is an
affiliate of the national non-profit volunteer organization, Rebuilding
Together. The organization works to preserve and revitalize low income homes,
focusing on the households of the elderly, disabled, and those supporting young
children. The group plans to use this grant to fix roofs on several seniors'
houses and build a ramp for an individual with physical disabilities.

The USDA's Housing Preservation Grant program provides grants to sponsoring
organizations for the repair or rehabilitation of low-income housing. The grants
are competitive and are made available in areas where there is a concentration
of need.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 4, 2014 Thursday

Murphy, Blumenthal, Esty Announce Federal Grant to Help Rebuild Low-Income
Housing in Litchfield County

LENGTH: 518  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Chris Murphy, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

Today, U.S. Senators Chris Murphy (D-Conn.) and Richard Blumenthal (D-Conn.) and
U.S. Congresswoman Elizabeth Esty (D-Conn.) announced that Rebuilding Together
of Litchfield County will receive a $50,000 Housing Preservation Grant from the
U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA). The funds will help low-income families
in rural areas in Litchfield County renovate and repair their homes to alleviate
health and safety concerns.

"Thanks to the hard work of Rebuilding Together of Litchfield, Connecticut
families can have comfort in knowing that their homes are safe to live in. The
USDA's grant will help Rebuilding Together provide low-income households with
the home improvements they need - whether it's a new roof or a wheelchair ramp -
and I'm grateful for their efforts to prioritize the well-being of our
communities," said Senator Murphy.

"Safe and affordable housing is a fundamental human need. I applaud Rebuilding
Together for their longtime dedication to ensuring that all Litchfield County
residents--particularly the elderly, disabled and those with young
children--have the assistance and support they need to preserve and restore the
safety and security of their own homes. I welcome this significant federal
investment, and look forward to supporting additional efforts in the future,"
said Senator Blumenthal.

"With the cold winter upon us, many families and seniors are struggling to make
necessary repairs to keep them safe in their homes. Thank you to everyone at
Rebuilding Together of Litchfield County for your commitment to helping folks
and empowering them to live independently. This grant will go a long way in
supporting their mission of building stronger, more resilient communities here
in Litchfield County," said Congresswoman Esty.

"We are very thrilled with the announcements of these funds. This is a huge
benefit to us to be able to have funds which can be used in Litchfield County in
the rural areas. The grant will be used for repairing and renovating the homes
of older, single family homes, people 60 and over and who have very low or low
incomes and who are Litchfield county residents," said Ceia Webb, Executive
Director of Rebuilding Together of Litchfield County.

Rebuilding Together of Litchfield County, which is based in New Milford, is an
affiliate of the national non-profit volunteer organization, Rebuilding
Together. The organization works to preserve and revitalize low income homes,
focusing on the households of the elderly, disabled, and those supporting young
children. The group plans to use this grant to fix roofs on several seniors'
houses and build a ramp for an individual with physical disabilities.

The USDA's Housing Preservation Grant program provides grants to sponsoring
organizations for the repair or rehabilitation of low-income housing. The grants
are competitive and are made available in areas where there is a concentration
of need.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 20, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Rural Housing Preservation Grants

LENGTH: 41  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Grants, The State of Utah has issued the following news release:

Rural Housing Preservation Grants
    Document Type:  Grants Notice
    Funding Opportunity Number:  USDA-RD-HCFP-HPG-2013
    Opportunity Category:  Discretionary
    Posted

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 19, 2013 Wednesday

Utah: Rural Housing Preservation Grants

LENGTH: 41  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Department of Grants, The State of Utah has issued the following news release:

Rural Housing Preservation Grants
    Document Type:  Grants Notice
    Funding Opportunity Number:  USDA-RD-HCFP-HPG-2013
    Opportunity Category:  Discretionary
    Posted

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 27, 1994, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

PERSPECTIVES;
Speeding the Recycling of City-Owned Buildings

BYLINE: By ALAN S. OSER

SECTION: Section 10;   Page 7;   Column 1;   Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 1452 words


A NEW housing team taking shape at the New York City Department of Housing
Preservation and Development is setting out to establish a different voice for
housing policy.

But while the voice is different, the singers are using a familiar score. The
effort to unburden itself of the thousands of units of formerly privately owned
housing taken over through tax foreclosure has been the overriding task of the
housing agency for 16 years.

In 1978 New York City speeded the takeover process and gave the housing agency
the job of managing and disposing of foreclosed residential property. The city
also abandoned the auction method of disposition, which was leading to
reforeclosures -- in effect, revolving-door housing abandonment. Alternative
methods were adopted, but they are much slower and more expensive.

Now Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani has made divestiture the explicit primary goal of
housing policy. Under Mayor David N. Dinkins -- at least until the final year of
his administration -- the emphasis was on finishing the rehabilitation of vacant
buildings and reselling occupied properties to nonprofits or tenant and
community groups, which were given a "right of first refusal" before buildings
could be offered to private owners.

"Mayor Giuliani's core philosophy is to put properties into the hands of the
local entrepreneurs as opposed to central management," said Deborah C. Wright,
the newly appointed Commissioner of Housing Preservation and Development. "We
want to target neighborhoods, to focus on what it takes to stabilize a whole
block. No rational owner wants to take on just three or four of our exisiting
occupied buildings."

The second priority is to step up efforts to help owners keep buildings from
falling into tax foreclosure. "If we keep getting buildings in, we are going
nowhere, even if we keep selling," Ms. Wright said.

As for new housing, she said: "New construction of mixed-income rentals are a
question mark. There may not be the money there in the future to do it." Housing
officials in the Dinkins administration proposed new rentals -- with an income
limit for tenants of about $60,000 a year -- to balance the upsurge in
low-income rentals as foreclosed housing is rehabilitated.

Since 1986, when Mayor Edward I. Koch launched a $5.1 billion, 10-year housing
program, city government has made great progress in recycling most of the fully
vacant properties, and many occupied buildings. But there remain about 4,000
occupied city-owned buildings, three-quarters of them, with about 30,000
apartments, under central city management. Most are in Harlem, East Harlem and
the South Bronx, and in the Brownsville and East New York sections of Brooklyn.

Figures from the housing agency show that that there were almost as many
foreclosed housing units under city management in 1993 as there were in 1983.
The figures are 32,078 last June 30 compared with 31,756 10 years earlier. But
the number has dropped since its high-water market of 39,600 in 1986.

THE city spends about $200 million a year to manage current inventory. Rent
covers about a quarter of the total and most of the rest comes from Federal
community-development block grants, probably making New York the only city in
the country that uses its grants basically for management rather than
rehabilitation or development.

The average household income in centrally managed buildings is only $6,500 a
year. The average rent is $216 a month. Merely to operate buildings at a minimal
level -- with no mortgage debt or taxes -- costs about $450 per two-bedroom
apartment per month, housing officials say. Accordingly, even after the
buildings have been rehabilitated at city expense, a rent or operating subsidy
must be provided to the new owner.

Commissioner Wright has named William E. Spiller as First Deputy Commissioner of
the housing agency. In the Dinkins administration he was deputy commissioner of
the Office of Property Management, which manages foreclosed property. One of its
branches, the Division of Alternative Management, supervises buildings put under
temporary management by nonprofit, community or tenant groups as a preliminary
to sale to them.

Under Mayor Koch, private owners also participated in the alternative management
system, and ultimately acquired ownership of occupied buildings. That program --
known by the acronym POMP, for Private Ownership Management Program -- was
halted by the Dinkins administration in its early days in response to objections
by housing-advocacy groups to private ownership of low-income housing. Ending it
probably slowed the pace of divestiture significantly.

In its latter days the Dinkins administration announced a new effort sell
centrally managed buildings, initially saying that private owners would be
invited to participate. But housing officials say nonprofit organizations were
given first choice of buildings, a procedure that would no doubt have slowed the
pace of rehabilitation once again.

Planning now to encourage private involvement, the new administration has
restored $60 million that the Dinkins administration had planned to slice from
the four-year budget for divestiture. Without private-sector sales, it is
questionable whether that money would have been spent.

"Although the workload has dropped slowly, every year we get new units in,
averaging about 3,000 a year while we're selling about 4,000," said Commissioner
Spiller.

In the new sales effort, he said, builders will be allocated low-income tax
credits that can be sold to investors as a means of raising equity for the
purchase. Rents will be held to levels affordable to tenants. The four-year goal
is 9,400 units.

Success depends in large part upon whether the city can put together large
enough "packages" of nearby properties that as an entirety become economic to
manage after rehabilitation, said Michael Schmelzer, president of Triax Realty
Management, in Great Neck, L.I., which participated in the private ownership
program and works as contractor for community groups as well. "They're right to
try to get management out of city hands," he said.

Commissioner Wright said that "active assistance" to owners to slow foreclosures
would include help in dealing with regulatory issues involving city agencies and
an effort to establish an early warning system for buildings in trouble. "Right
now we only catch them with the 7A program," she said, referring to court
administration of buildings when judges take properties out of owners' hands
because of poor building conditions.

ON other issues, Ms. Wright said she expected the Federal Government to take up
the financing slack as the housing agency cuts back in funding for
gut-rehabilitated housing with social-services assistance as permanent housing
for dependent single adults.

This effort on behalf of homeless singles has been funded by the housing agency
under the S.R.O. loan program. Housing officials have long contended that it is
essentially a social-services program. The city has been supplying low-cost
acquisition and construction financing, but it is expecting the Federal
Government, in its new emphasis on financing programs for the homeless, to take
up the slack.

"The Feds will double the funding for S.R.O.'s," Ms. Wright said.

Another city effort involving multifamily buildings is called the participation
loan program, which supplements private mortgage loans with low-interest public
loans to upgrade occupied, privately owned buildings. The financing will be held
steady at $20 million a year, Commissioner Wright said.

And the financing for each of two new-homes programs -- one run by the New York
Housing Partnership, a nonprofit intermediary working with private builders, and
the other through churches in the Bronx and Brooklyn under the Nehemiah Plan --
also will remain steady.

The funding pace for two other large-scale housing production programs that
advanced in the Dinkins administration -- Bradhurst in Harlem and Saratoga
Square in Brooklyn, encompassing parts of Bedford-Stuyvesant and Brownsville,
are to be slowed. But a new-construction mixed-income rental program that the
Dinkins administration had considered putting in motion in for moderate-income
neighborhoods "may not be there in the future," Ms. Wright said.

Funding for vacant-building renovations by community development corporations,
working through the Enterprise Foundation and the Local Initiatives Support
Corporation, or LISC, is to be phased out entirely after 1995, Ms. Wright said,
when the vacant buildings already in the pipeline are finished. Both LISC and
the Enterprise Foundation are likely to participate in rehabilitations of
centrally managed buildings.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Deborah C. Wright, new Housing Preservation and Development
chief. (Sara Krulwich/The New York Times)

Graph: "Foreclosed, but occupied" shows alternative and city run buildings in
NYC from 1983 to 1994. (Source: Department of Housing Preservation and
Development)

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                              45 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 20, 2015 Wednesday

Solicitation of Applications for the Section 533Housing Preservation Grants for
Fiscal Year 2015

LENGTH: 6172  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, DC


This Notice document was issued by the Rural Housing Service (RHS)

Action

Notice.
Summary

The Rural Housing Service (RHS), an agency within Rural Development, announces
that it is soliciting competitive applications under its Housing Preservation
Grant (HPG) program. This action is taken to comply with Agency regulations
found in 7 CFR part 1944, subpart N, which requires the Agency to announce the
opening and closing dates for receipt of pre-applications for HPG funds from
eligible applicants.
Dates

The closing deadline for receipt of all pre-applications in response to this
Notice is 5:00 p.m., local time for each Rural Development State Office on July
6, 2015. Rural Development State Office locations can be found at:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. The application should be
submitted to the Rural Development State Office where the project will be
located. If submitting the pre-application in electronic format, the closing
deadline for receipt is 5:00 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time on July 6, 2015. The
application closing deadline is firm as to date and hour. RHS will not consider
any application that is received after the closing deadline. Applicants
intending to mail applications must provide sufficient time to permit delivery
on or before the closing deadline date and time. Acceptance by the United States
Postal Service or private mailer does not constitute delivery. Facsimile (FAX)
and postage due applications will not be accepted.
For Further Information Contact

For general information, applicants may contact Bonnie Edwards-Jackson, Finance
and Loan Analyst, Multi-Family Housing Preservation and Direct Loan Division,
USDA Rural Development, Stop 0781, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC
20250-0781, telephone (202) 690-0759 (voice) (this is not a toll free number) or
(800) 877-8339 (TDD-Federal Information Relay Service) or via email at,
Bonnie.Edwards@wdc.usda.gov
Supplementary Information
Overview

Federal Agency Name: USDA Rural Housing Service.

Funding Opportunity Title: Housing Preservation Grants.

Announcement Type: Notice.

Catalog of Federal Domestic Assistance Number: 10.433.

Dates: July 6, 2015.
Paperwork Reduction Act

The reporting requirements contained in this Notice have been approved by the
Office of Management and Budget under Control Number 0575-0115.
A. Program Description

The HPG program is a grant program, authorized under 42 U.S.C. 1490m and
implemented at 7 CFR part 1944, subpart N, which provides qualified public
agencies, private non-profit organizations including, but not limited to,
faith-based and neighborhood partnerships, and other eligible entities, grant
funds to assist low- and very low-income homeowners in repairing and
rehabilitating their homes in rural areas. In addition, the HPG program assists
rental property owners and cooperative housing complexes in rural areas in
repairing and rehabilitating their units if they agree to make such units
available to low- and very low-income persons.
B. Federal Award Information

The funding instrument for the HPG program will be a grant agreement. The term
of the grant can vary from 1 to 2 years, depending on available funds and
demand. No maximum or minimum grant levels have been established at the National
level. In accordance with 7 CFR 1944.652, coordination and leveraging of funding
for repair and rehabilitation activities with housing and community development
organizations or activities operating in the same geographic area are expected,
but not required. You should contact the Rural Development State Office to
determine the allocation. HPG applicants who were previously selected for HPG
funds are eligible to submit new applications to apply for FY 2015 HPG program
funds. New HPG applications must be submitted for the renewal or supplementation
of existing HPG repair and/or rehabilitation projects that will be completed
with FY 2015 HPG funds.

For Fiscal Year 2015, the amount of funding available for the HPG Program can be
found at the following link:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/newsroom/notices-solicitation-applications-nosas#nosa.
Priorities such as Rural Economic Area Partnership Zones and other funds will be
distributed under a formula allocation to states pursuant to 7 CFR part 1940,
subpart L, "Methodology and Formulas for Allocation of Loan and Grant Program
Funds." Decisions on funding will be based on pre-application scores. Anyone
interested in submitting an application for funding under this program is
encouraged to consult the Rural Development Web site periodically for updated
information regarding the status of funding authorized for this program.

The commitment of program dollars will be made to selected applicants that have
fulfilled the necessary requirements for obligation.
C. Eligibility Information

1. Eligible Applicants. Eligible entities for these competitively awarded grants
include state and local governments, non-profit corporations, which may include,
but not be limited to faith-based and community organizations, Federally
recognized Indian tribes, and consortia of eligible entities. HPG applicants who
were previously selected for HPG funds are eligible to submit new applications
to apply for FY 2015 HPG program funds. More eligibility requirements can be
found at 7 CFR 1944.658, 1944.661, and 1944.662.

2. Cost Sharing or Matching. Pursuant to 7 CFR 1944.652, grantees are expected
to coordinate and leverage funding for repair and rehabilitation activities, as
well as replacement housing, with housing and community development
organizations or activities operating in the same geographic area. While HPG
funds may be leveraged with other resources, cost sharing or matching is not a
requirement that the HPG applicant do so as the HPG applicant would not be
denied an award of HPG funds if all other project selection criteria have been
met.

3. Other. Awards made under this Notice are subject to the provisions contained
in the Consolidated and Further Appropriations Act 2015, PublicLaw 113-235,
sections 738 and 739 regarding corporate felony convictions and corporate
Federal tax delinquencies. To comply with these provisions, only selected
applicants that are or propose to be corporations will submit this form as part
of their pre-application. Form AD-3030 can be found here:
http://www.ocio.usda.gov/document/ad3030.
D. Application and Submission Information

1. Address to Request Application Package. Applicants wishing to submit a paper
application in response to this Notice must contact the Rural Development State
Office serving the state of the proposed HPG housing project in order to receive
further information and copies of the paper application package. You may find
the addresses and contact information for each state office following this web
link, http://www.rd.usda.gov/contact-us/state-offices. Rural Development will
date and time stamp incoming paper applications to evidence timely receipt and,
upon request, will provide the applicant with a written acknowledgment of
receipt. You may access the electronic grant pre-application for Housing
Preservation Grants at: http://www.grants.gov.

2. Content and Form of Application: 7 CFR part 1944, subpart N provides details
on what information must be contained in the pre-application package. Entities
wishing to apply for assistance should contact the Rural Development State
Office to receive further information, the State allocation of funds, and copies
of the pre-application package. Unless otherwise noted, applicants wishing to
apply for assistance must make its statement of activities available to the
public for comment. The applicant(s) must announce the availability of its
statement of activities for review in a newspaper of general circulation in the
project area and allow at least 15 days for public comment. The start of this
15-day period must occur no later than 16 days prior to the last day for
acceptance of pre-applications by USDA Rural Development. Federally recognized
Indian tribes, pursuant to 7 CFR 1944.674, are exempt from the requirement to
consult with local leaders including announcing the availability of its
statement of activities for review in a newspaper.

All applicants will file an original and two copies of Standard Form (SF) 424,
"Application for Federal Assistance," and supporting information with the
appropriate Rural Development State Office. A pre-application package, including
SF-424, is available in any Rural Development State Office. All pre-applications
shall be accompanied by the following information which Rural Development will
use to determine the applicant's eligibility to undertake the HPG program and to
evaluate the pre-application under the project selection criteria of 7 CFR
1944.679.

(a) A statement of activities proposed by the applicant for its HPG program as
appropriate to the type of assistance the applicant is proposing, including:

(1) A complete discussion of the type of and conditions for financial assistance
for housing preservation, including whether the request for assistance is for a
homeowner assistance program, a rental property assistance program, or a
cooperative assistance program;

(2) The process for selecting recipients for HPG assistance, determining housing
preservation needs of the dwelling, performing the necessary work, and
monitoring/inspecting work performed;

(3) A description of the process for identifying potential environmental impacts
in accordance with 7 CFR 1944.672 and the provisions for compliance with
Stipulation I, A-G of the Programmatic Memorandum of Agreement, also known as
PMOA, (RD Instruction 2000-FF, available in any Rural Development State Office)
in accordance with 7 CFR 1944.673(b);

(4) The development standard(s) the applicant will use for the housing
preservation work; and, if not the Rural Development standards for existing
dwellings, the evidence of its acceptance by the jurisdiction where the grant
will be implemented;

(5) The time schedule for completing the program;

(6) The staffing required to complete the program;

(7) The estimated number of very low- and low-income minority and nonminority
persons the grantee will assist with HPG funds; and, if a rental property or
cooperative assistance program, the number of units and the term of restrictive
covenants on their use for very low- and low-income;

(8) The geographical area(s) to be served by the HPG program;

(9) The annual estimated budget for the program period based on the financial
needs to accomplish the objectives outlined in the proposal. The budget should
include proposed direct and indirect administrative costs, such as personnel,
fringe benefits, travel, equipment, supplies, contracts, and other cost
categories, detailing those costs for which the grantee proposes to use the HPG
grant separately from non-HPG resources, if any. The applicant budget should
also include a schedule (with amounts) of how the applicant proposes to draw HPG
grant funds, i.e., monthly, quarterly, lump sum for program activities, etc.;

(10) A copy of an indirect cost proposal when the applicant has another source
of Federal funding in addition to the Rural Development HPG program;

(11) A brief description of the accounting system to be used;

(12) The method of evaluation to be used by the applicant to determine the
effectiveness of its program which encompasses the requirements for quarterly
reports to Rural Development in accordance with 7 CFR 1944.683(b) and the
monitoring plan for rental properties and cooperatives (when applicable)
according to 7 CFR 1944.689;

(13) The source and estimated amount of other financial resources to be obtained
and used by the applicant for both HPG activities and housing development and/or
supporting activities;

(14) The use of program income, if any, and the tracking system used for
monitoring same;

(15) The applicant's plan for disposition of any security instruments held by
them as a result of its HPG activities in the event of its loss of legal status;

(16) Any other information necessary to explain the proposed HPG program; and

(17) The outreach efforts outlined in 7 CFR 1944.671(b).

(b) Complete information about the applicant's experience and capacity to carry
out the objectives of the proposed HPG program.

(c) Evidence of the applicant's legal existence, including, in the case of a
private non-profit organization, which may include, but not be limited to,
faith-based and community organizations, a copy of, or an accurate reference to,
the specific provisions of State law under which the applicant is organized; a
certified copy of the applicant's Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws or other
evidence of corporate existence; certificate of incorporation for other than
public bodies; evidence of good standing from the State when the corporation has
been in existence 1 year or more; and the names and addresses of the applicant's
members, directors and officers. If other organizations are members of the
applicant-organization, or the applicant is a consortium, pre-applications
should be accompanied by the names, addresses, and principal purpose of the
other organizations. If theapplicant is a consortium, documentation showing
compliance with paragraph (4)(ii) under the definition of "organization" in 7
CFR 1944.656 must also be included.

(d) For a private non-profit entity, which may include, but not be limited to,
faith-based and community organizations, the most recent audited statement and a
current financial statement dated and signed by an authorized officer of the
entity showing the amounts and specific nature of assets and liabilities
together with information on the repayment schedule and status of any debt(s)
owed by the applicant.

(e) A brief narrative statement which includes information about the area to be
served and the need for improved housing (including both percentage and the
actual number of both low-income and low-income minority households and
substandard housing), the need for the type of housing preservation assistance
being proposed, the anticipated use of HPG resources for historic properties,
the method of evaluation to be used by the applicant in determining the
effectiveness of its efforts.

(f) A statement containing the component for alleviating any overcrowding as
defined by 7 CFR 1944.656.

(g) Applicant must submit an original and one copy of Form RD 1940-20, "Request
for Environmental Information," prepared in accordance with Exhibit F-1 of RD
Instruction 1944-N (available in any Rural Development State Office).

(h) Applicant must also submit a description of its process for:

(1) Identifying and rehabilitating properties listed on or eligible for listing
on the National Register of Historic Places;

(2) Identifying properties that are located in a floodplain or wetland;

(3) Identifying properties located within the Coastal Barrier Resources System;
and

(4) Coordinating with other public and private organizations and programs that
provide assistance in the rehabilitation of historic properties (Stipulation I,
D, of the PMOA, RD Instruction 2000-FF, available as an electronic document and
in any Rural Development State Office).

(i) The applicant must also submit evidence of the State Historic Preservation
Office's, (SHPO), concurrence in the proposal, or in the event of
non-concurrence, a copy of SHPO's comments together with evidence that the
applicant has received the Advisory Council on Historic Preservation's advice as
to how the disagreement might be resolved, and a copy of any advice provided by
the Council.

(j) The applicant must submit written statements and related correspondence
reflecting compliance with 7 CFR 1944.674(a) and (c) regarding consultation with
local government leaders in the preparation of its program and the consultation
with local and state government pursuant to the provisions of Executive Order
12372.

(k) The applicant is to make its statement of activities available to the public
for comment prior to submission to Rural Development pursuant to 7 CFR
1944.674(b). The application must contain a description of how the comments (if
any were received) were addressed.

(l) The applicant must submit an original and one copy of Form RD 400-1, "Equal
Opportunity Agreement," and Form RD 400-4, "Assurance Agreement," in accordance
with 7 CFR 1944.676.

Applicants should review 7 CFR part 1944, subpart N for a comprehensive list of
all application requirements.

3. Address unique entity identifier and System for Award Management (SAM). As
part of the application, all applicants, except for individuals or agencies
excepted under 2 CFR 25.110(d), must be: (1) Registered in the System for Award
Management (SAM); (2) provide a valid unique entity identifier in its
applications; and (3) maintain an active SAM registration with current
information at all times during which it has an active Federal award or
application. An award may not be made to the applicant until the applicant has
complied with the unique entity identifier and SAM requirements.

4. Intergovernmental Review Intergovernmental Review. The HPG program is subject
to the provisions of Executive Order 12372, which requires intergovernmental
consultation with State and local officials.

5. Funding Restrictions. There are no limits on proposed direct and indirect
costs. Expenses incurred in developing pre-applications will be at the
applicant's risk.

6. Other Submission Requirements. To comply with the President's Management
Agenda, the Department of Agriculture is participating as a partner in the
Government-wide Grants.gov site. Housing Preservation Grants [Catalog of Federal
Domestic Assistance #10.433] is one of the programs included at this Web site.
If you are an applicant under the Housing Preservation Grant program, you may
submit your pre-application to the Agency in either electronic or paper format.
Please be mindful that the pre-application deadline for electronic format
differs from the deadline for paper format. The electronic format deadline will
be based on Eastern Standard Time. The paper format deadline is local time for
each Rural Development State Office.

Users of Grants.gov will be able to download a copy of the pre- application
package, complete it off line, and then upload and submit the application via
the Grants.gov site. You may not email an electronic copy of a grant
pre-application to USDA Rural Development; however, the Agency encourages your
participation in Grants.gov.

The following are useful tips and instructions on how to use the Web site:

When you enter the Grants.gov site, you will find information about submitting
an application electronically through the site as well as the hours of
operation. USDA Rural Development strongly recommends that you do not wait until
the application deadline date to begin the application process through Grants.
gov. To use Grants.gov, applicants must have a DUNS number.
    You may submit all documents electronically through the Web site, including
all information typically included on the Application for Rural Housing
Preservation Grants, and all necessary assurances and certifications.
    After you electronically submit your application through the Web site, you
will receive an automatic acknowledgement from Grants.gov that contains a
Grants.gov tracking number.
    RHS may request that you provide original signatures on forms at a later
date.
    If you experience technical difficulties on the closing date and are unable
to meet the 5:00 p.m. (Eastern Standard Time) deadline, print out your
application and submit it to your State Office, you must meet the closing date
and local time deadline.
    Please note that you must locate the downloadable application package for
this program by the CFDA Number or FedGrants Funding Opportunity Number, which
can be found at http://www.grants.gov.

In addition to the electronic pre- application at the http://www.grants.gov Web
site, all applicants must complete and submit the Fiscal Year 2015
pre-application package, detailed later in this Notice, for Section 533 HPG. A
copy of a suggested coversheet is included with this Notice. Applicants are
encouraged to submit this pre-application coversheet electronically by accessing
the Web site: http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/ Click on the Forms &
Resources tab to access the "Fiscal Year 2015 Pre-application for Section 533
Housing Preservation Grants (HPG)."

Applicants are encouraged but not required, to also provide an electronic copy
of all hard copy forms and documents submitted in the
pre-application/application package as requested by this Notice. The forms and
documents must be submitted as read-only Adobe Acrobat PDF files on an
electronic media such as CDs, DVDs or USB drives. For each electronic device
that you submit, you must include a Table of Contents listing all of the
documents and forms on that device. The electronic medium must be submitted to
the local Rural Development State Office where the project will be located.
Please Note

If you receive a loan or grant award under this Notice, USDA reserves the right
to post all information that is not protected by the Privacy Act submitted as
part of the pre-application/application package on a public Web site with free
and open access to any member of the public.
E. Application Review Information

1. Criteria. All paper applications for Section 533 funds must be filed with the
appropriate Rural Development State Office and all paper or electronic
applications must meet the requirements of this Notice and 7 CFR part 1944,
subpart N. Pre-applications determined not eligible and/or not meeting the
selection criteria will be notified by the Rural Development State Office.

2. Review and Selection Process. The Rural Development State Offices will
utilize the following threshold project selection criteria for applicants in
accordance with 7 CFR 1944.679:

(a) Providing a financially feasible program of housing preservation assistance.
"Financially feasible" is defined as proposed assistance which will be
affordable to the intended recipient or result in affordable housing for very
low- and low-income persons.

(b) Serving eligible rural areas with a concentration of substandard housing for
households with very low- and low-income.

(c) Being an eligible applicant as defined in 7 CFR 1944.658.

(d) Meeting the requirements of consultation and public comment in accordance
with 7 CFR 1944.674.

(e) Submitting a complete pre-application as outlined in 7 CFR 1944.676.

3. Scoring. For applicants meeting all of the requirements listed above, the
Rural Development State Offices will use weighted criteria in accordance with 7
CFR part 1944, subpart N as selection for the grant recipients. Each
pre-application and its accompanying statement of activities will be evaluated
and, based solely on the information contained in the pre-application, the
applicant's proposal will be numerically rated on each criteria within the range
provided. The highest-ranking applicant(s) will be selected based on allocation
of funds available to the state.

(a) Points are awarded based on the percentage of very low-income persons that
the applicant proposes to assist, using the following scale:

(1) More than 80%: 20 points

(2) 61% to 80%: 15 points

(3) 41% to 60%: 10 points

(4) 20% to 40%: 5 points

(5) Less than 20%: 0 points

(b) The applicant's proposal may be expected to result in the following
percentage of HPG fund use (excluding administrative costs) to total cost of
unit preservation. This percentage reflects maximum repair or rehabilitation
with the least possible HPG funds due to leveraging, innovative financial
assistance, owner's contribution or other specified approaches. Points are
awarded based on the following percentage of HPG funds (excluding administrative
costs) to total funds:

(1) 50% or less: 20 points

(2) 51% to 65%: 15 points

(3) 66% to 80%: 10 points

(4) 81% to 95%: 5 points

(5) 96% to 100%: 0 points

(c) The applicant has demonstrated its administrative capacity in assisting very
low- and low-income persons to obtain adequate housing based on the following:

(1) The organization or a member of its staff has at least one or more years
experience successfully managing and operating a rehabilitation or
weatherization type program: 10 points.

(2) The organization or a member of its staff has at least one or more years
experience successfully managing and operating a program assisting very low- and
low-income persons obtain housing assistance: 10 points.

(3) If the organization has administered grant programs, there are no
outstanding or unresolved audit or investigative findings which might impair
carrying out the proposal: 10 points.

(d) The proposed program will be undertaken entirely in rural areas outside
Metropolitan Statistical Areas, also known as MSAs, identified by Rural
Development as having populations below 10,000 or in remote parts of other rural
areas (i.e., rural areas contained in MSAs with less than 5,000 population) as
defined in 7 CFR 1944.656: 10 points.

(e) The program will use less than 20 percent of HPG funds for administration
purposes:

(1) More than 20%: Not eligible

(2) 20%: 0 points

(3) 19%: 1 point

(4) 18%: 2 points

(5) 17%: 3 points

(6) 16%: 4 points

(7) 15% or less: 5 points

(f) The proposed program contains a component for alleviating overcrowding as
defined in 7 CFR 1944.656: 5 points.

In the event more than one pre-application receives the same amount of points,
those pre-applications will then be ranked based on the actual percentage figure
used for determining the points. Further, in the event that pre-applications are
still tied, then those pre-applications still tied will be ranked based on the
percentage for HPG fund use (low to high). Further, for applications where
assistance to rental properties or cooperatives is proposed, those still tied
will be further ranked based on the number of years the units are available for
occupancy under the program (a minimum of 5 years is required). For this part,
ranking will be based from most to least number of years.

Finally, if there is still a tie, then a lottery system will be used. After the
award selections are made, all applicants will be notified of the status of
their applications by mail.
F. Federal Award Administration Information

1. Federal Award Notices. The Agency will notify, in writing, applicants whose
pre-applications have been selected for funding. At the time of notification,
the Agency will advise the applicant what further information and documentation
is required along with a timeline for submitting the additional information. If
the Agency determines it is unable to select the application for funding, the
applicant will be so informed in writing. Such notification will include the
reasons the applicant was not selected. The Agency will advise applicants, whose
pre-applications did not meet eligibility and/or selection criteria, of their
review rights or appeal rights in accordance with 7 CFR 1944.682.

2. Administrative and National Policy Requirements. Rural Development is
encouraging applications for projects that will support rural areas where,
according to the American Community Survey data by census tracts, at least
20percent of the population is living in persistent poverty. This emphasis will
support Rural Development's mission of improving the quality of life for Rural
Americans and commitment to directing resources to those who most need them. A
persistent poverty county is a classification for counties in the United States
that have had a relatively high rate of poverty over a long period.

3. Reporting. Post- award reporting requirements can be found in the Grant
Agreement.
G. Non-Discrimination Statement

The U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) prohibits discrimination against its
customers, employees, and applicants for employment on the basis of race, color,
national origin, age, disability, sex, gender identity, religion, reprisal and
where applicable, political beliefs, marital status, familial or parental
status, religion, sexual orientation, or all or part of an individual's income
is derived from any public assistance program, or protected genetic information
in employment or in any program or activity conducted or funded by the
Department. (Not all prohibited bases will apply to all programs and/or
employment activities.)

If you wish to file a Civil Rights program complaint of discrimination, complete
the USDA Program Discrimination Complaint Form (PDF), found online at
http://www.ascr.usda.gov/complaint_filing_cust.html, or at any USDA office, or
call (866) 632-9992 to request the form. You may also write a letter containing
all of the information requested in the form. Send your completed complaint form
or letter to us by mail at U.S. Department of Agriculture, Director, Office of
Adjudication, 1400 Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-9410, by fax
(202) 690-7442 or email at program.intake@usda.gov

Individuals who are deaf, hard of hearing or have speech disabilities and you
wish to file either an EEO or program complaint please contact USDA through the
Federal Relay Service at (800) 877-8339 or (800) 845-6136 (in Spanish).

Persons with disabilities, who wish to file a program complaint, please see
information above on how to contact us by mail directly or by email. If you
require alternative means of communication for program information (e.g.,
Braille, large print, audiotape, etc.) please contact USDA's TARGET Center at
(202) 720-2600 (voice and TDD).
Dated: May 14, 2015.
Tony J. Hernandez,
Administrator, Rural Housing Service.
Fiscal Year 2015 Pre-application for Section 533 Housing Preservation Grants
(HPG) Instructions

Applicants are encouraged, but not required, to submit this pre-application form
electronically by accessing the Web site:
http://www.rd.usda.gov/programs-services/housing-preservation-grants. Click on
the Forms & Resources tab to access the "Fiscal Year 2015 Pre-application for
Section 533 Housing Preservation Grants (HPG)." Please note that electronic
submittals are not on a secured Web site. If you do not wish to submit the form
electronically by clicking on the Send Form button, you may still fill out the
form, print it and submit it with your application package to the State Office.
You also have the option to save the form, and submit it on an electronic media
to the State Office.

Supporting documentation required by this pre-application may be attached to the
email generated when you click the Send Form button to submit the form. However
if the attachments are too numerous or large in size, the email box will not be
able to accept them. In that case, submit the supporting documentation for this
pre-application to the State Office with your complete application package under
item IX.

Documents Submitted, indicate the supporting documents that you are submitting
either with the pre-application or to the State Office.
I. Applicant Information

a. Applicant's Name:

b. Applicant's Address:

Address, Line 1:

Address, Line 2:

City: ___ State: __ Zip: _

c. Name of Applicant's Contact Person:

d. Contact Person's Telephone Number: __

e. Contact Person's Email Address:

f. Entity Type: [#x2610] State Government [#x2610] [#x2610] Local Government

(Check One) [#x2610] Non-Profit Corporation [#x2610] [#x2610] Federally
Recognized Indian Tribes

[#x2610] Faith-Based and neighborhood partnership

[#x2610] Community Organization

[#x2610] Other consortia of an eligible entity
II. Project Information

a. Project Name:

b. Project Address:

Address, Line 1:

Address, Line 2:

City: ___ State: __ Zip: _

c. Organization DUNS number: __

d. Grant Amount Requested: __

e. This grant request is for one of the following types of assistance:

[#x2610] Homeowner assistance program

[#x2610] Rental property assistance program

[#x2610] Cooperative assistance program

f. In response to e. above, answer one of the following:

The number of low- and very-low income persons that the grantee will assist in
the Homeowner assistance program: _ OR

The number of units for low- and very-low income persons in the Rental property
or Cooperative assistance program: _

g. This proposal is for one of the following:

[#x2610] Housing Preservation Grant (HPG) program (no set-aside)

[#x2610] Set-aside for Grant located in a Rural Economic Area Partnership (REAP)
zone
III. Low-income Assistance

Check the percentage of very low-income persons that this pre- application
proposes to assist in relation to the total population of the project:

[#x2610] More than 80 percent (20 points)

[#x2610] 61 percent to 80 percent (15 points)

[#x2610] 41 percent to 60 percent (10 points)

[#x2610] 20 percent to 40 percent (5 points)

[#x2610] Less than 20 percent (0 points)

Points: _

IV. Percent of HPG Fund Use

Check the percentage of HPG fund use (excluding administrative costs) in
comparison to the total cost of unit preservation. This percentage reflects
maximum repair or rehabilitation results with the least possible HPG funds due
to leveraging, innovative financial assistance, owner's contribution or other
specified approaches.

[#x2610] 50 percent or less of HPG Funds (20 points)

[#x2610] 51 percent to 65 percent of HPG Funds (15 points)

[#x2610] 66 percent to 80 percent of HPG Funds (10 points)

[#x2610] 81 percent to 95 percent of HPG Funds (5 points)

[#x2610] 96 percent to 100 percent of HPG Funds (0 points)

Points: _
V. Administrative Capacity

The following three criteria demonstrate your administrativecapacity to assist
very low- and low-income persons to obtain adequate housing (30 points maximum).

a. Does this organization or a member of its staff have at least one or more
years of experience successfully managing and operating a rehabilitation or
weatherization type of program? (10 points) Yes _ No _ Points: _

b. Does this organization or a member of its staff have at least one or more
years of experience successfully managing and operating a program assisting very
low- or low-income persons obtain housing assistance? (10 points) Yes _ No _
Points: _

c. If this organization has administered grant programs, are there any
outstanding or unresolved audit or investigative findings which might impair
carrying out the proposal? (10 points for No) No _ Yes _ Points: _

If Yes, please explain:
VI. Area Served

Will this proposal be undertaken entirely in rural areas outside Metropolitan
Statistical Areas, also known as MSAs, and identified by Rural Development as
having populations below 10,000 or in remote parts of other rural areas (i.e.,
rural areas contained in MSAs with a population of less than 5,000) as defined
in 7CFR 1944.656? (10 points) Yes _ No _ Points: _
VII. Percent of HPG Funds for Administration

Check the percentage of HPG funds that will be used for Administration purposes:

[#x25a1] More than 20 percent (Not eligible)

[#x25a1] 20 percent (0 points)

[#x25a1] 19 percent (1 point)

[#x25a1] 18 percent (2 points)

[#x25a1] 17 percent (3 points)

[#x25a1] 16 percent (4 points)

[#x25a1] 15 percent or less (5 points)

Points: _
VIII. Alleviating Overcrowding

Does the proposed program contain a component for alleviating overcrowding as
defined in 7 CFR 1944.656? (5 points) Yes _ No _ Points: _
IX. Documents Submitted

Check if the following documents are being submitted electronically with this
pre-application or will be mailed to the State Office with your complete
pre-application package.

NOTE: You are only required to submit supporting documents for programs in which
you will be participating as indicated in this pre-application. Points will be
assigned for the items that you checked based on a review of the supporting
documents.

Please refer to the NOSA for the complete list of documents that you are
required to submit with your complete pre-application package.
Reference Item Submitted with thisPre-application Submitted to state office
III Low Income Assistance.
IV Percent of HPG Fund Use.
V Administrative Capacity.
VI Area Served.
VII Percent of HPG Funds for Administration.
VIII Alleviating Overcrowding.
G. HPG 2015 Scoring

PLEASE NOTE:The scoring below is based on the responses that you have provided
on this pre-application form and may not accord with the final score that the
Agency assigns upon evaluating the supporting documentation that you submit.
Your score may change from what you see here if the supporting documentation
does not adequately support your answer or, if required documentation is
missing.
Scoring items for HPG 2015 Points earned
1. Low Income Assistance (5, 10, 15, 20)
2. Percent of HPG Fund Use (5, 10, 15, 20)
3. Administrative Capacity (10, 20, 30)
4. Area Served (10)
5. Percent of HPG Funds for Administration (1, 2, 3, 4, 5)
6. Alleviating Overcrowding (5)
Total Score:
ImportantBy submitting this electronic pre-application form and its supporting
documents, you have completed one step of the application process.Youmustalso
complete the electronic application at the http://www.grants.gov website.Your
complete package, with all forms and supporting documents as listed in the NOSA,
must be submitted to the local Rural Development State Office where the project
is located for your application to be processed.
[FR Doc. 2015-12224 Filed 5-19-15; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 3410-XV-P

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            August 30, 2005 Tuesday

Prairie du Chien; Grant to assist with home rehabilitation

SECTION: Across; Pg. c6

LENGTH: 91 words

DATELINE: Prairie du Chien


Community Development Alternatives Inc. of Prairie du Chien has been awarded a
$66,402 Housing Preservation Grant.

The money will be used to assist low-income homeowners to repair and
rehabilitate their homes in order to meet health and safety requirements
throughout Crawford County. Assistance will be in the form of a no-interest
loan. Community Development Alternatives previously received a $61,000 Housing
Preservation Grant in 2003.

The grants are awarded through the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural
Development.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2005 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              47 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               February 22, 1993

NHS Using Existing Stock for Housing

SECTION: AFFORDABLE HOUSING; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 262 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Neighborhood Housing Services of New York in partnership with the New York City
Housing Preservation Department has put in place two programs which will utilize
existing housing stock to produce housing for low and moderate income families.

In the first program, as co-applicants, HPD and NHS received a $ 2.08 million
grant from the Department of Housing and Urban Development under its HOPE 3
program, to purchase and rehabilitate 55 buildings in New York City.

NHS will purchase the buildings from the City for $ 1.

The buildings, most in Brooklyn, are primarily two-family homes which will be
renovated into single-family homes and sold to first-time homebuyers who are at
80% of the area median income or less.

NHS will oversee the construction, marketing and selling of the homes.  Homes
are expected to cost $ 75,000.

NHS is also expected to counsel all potential homeubyers to educate them on
purchasing and owning a home.

To reconfigure the buildings to single family units will be costly.

However, both NHS and HPD must use this approach in order to receive the HUD
funds.

National Westminister Bank will provide construction financing.  And NHS and HPD
will provide further subsidies if the cost of purchasing and renovating the
houses exceeds the HUD subsidy.  HPD said it will provide a maximum subsidy of $
40,000.

Construction is expected to begin June 1.

NHS and HPD also formed a joint venture partnership to gut renovate 1-20 unit
buildings, or occupied properties that require moderate rehabilitation, under
the NHS tandem loan program.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 National Thrift News, Inc.


                              48 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 15, 1987, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Elderly Homeowners to Get Help With Repairs

BYLINE: By GENE RONDINARO

SECTION: Section 8; Page 7, Column 1; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 630 words


BECAUSE of the often prohibitive cost of paying for major energy-related and
other home repairs, the New York City Department of Housing Preservation and
Development is starting a demonstration program to provide low-interest deferred
loans for qualified elderly low- to moderate-income homeowners.

The program, called Senior Homeowner Assistance for Repair Emergencies, or
Share, will lend up to $10,000 to owners of one-and two-family homes for the
repair of defective or faulty roofs, furnaces, boilers and electrical heat or
hot water systems. The city will lend an additional $5,000 a unit up to a
maximum of $20,000 to owners of three- or four-family homes.

''It is often difficult for senior citizens, many living on fixed incomes, to
pay to keep their homes in good condition,'' said Paul A. Crotty, the Housing
Preservation and Development Commissioner. ''These loans will enable them to
keep their homes in good repair and remain independent.''

To qualify, homeowners must be 60 years of age or older with an annual income
not exceeding $24,000 for one person, $27,000 for families of two or $30,000 for
a family of three or four with one or more dependent children. The 3 percent
interest is deferrable as a one-time charge at the time of sale or transfer of
title.

Under the program, homeowners who qualify may hire home-repair contractors of
their own chosing.

Another program that provides assistance to elderly homeowners is the Revolving
Loan Fund, available through the Consumer Farmer Foundation. NOW in its 50th
year and long active in city affairs, the foundation provides up to $5,000 per
home for emergency energy repairs, regular home maintenance, repayment of back
taxes and professional assistance such as legal or architectural fees.

Loan and grant funds are obtained from the city and state and through private
donations. As in the city's Share program, borrowers may select their own
contractors, but also must arrange a repayment schedule. Loans issued under the
program can be interest-free but cannot exceed 3 percent annual interest.

Still another program, offered by the federally-financed Energy Conservation
Bank, will soon become available through local utilities. It will provide $2,500
per unit in interest-free grants to qualified elderly homeowners to buy
energy-related equipment such as replacement furnaces and storm windows, blow-in
insulation, winterizing materials and caulking. The program, to be financed in
part through a court-ordered $7 million oil-overcharge repayment from the Exxon
Corporation, will be available by April, according to New York State Energy
Department officials who will oversee the program. An additional $12 million in
low-interest loans is available to all low-income homeowners.

Under the city's Emergency Repair Program, major heating, water, and structural
repairs in multifamily dwellings will be made for elderly homeowners, who will
be required to repay their cost within six years.

Loan funds available under the Share demonstration program are limited at
present to $200,000. City officials say they will monitor the demand and public
response to the program before requesting greater and more permanent
allocations.

''We are finding initial applicants for Share loans expect to borrow only about
$5,000 and are interested in arranging for a regular schedule of repayment
rather than deferring principal and interest,'' said Peter Judd, assistant
commissioner for the Division of Energy Conservation and Owners Assistance. ''We
believe the program will be a great success.''

Those interested in obtaining further information on financial assistance and
low-interest loan programs for the elderly can call the city's Senior Citizens
Home Assistance Division at 566-3501 or 566-3502.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                              49 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                January 18, 1993

NHS Teams with New York City on Two Housing Programs

BYLINE: By WENDY PELLE

SECTION: AFFORDABLE HOUSING; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 446 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Neighborhood Housing Services of New York in partnership with the New York City
Housing Preservation Department has put in place two programs which will use
existing housing stock to produce housing fow low and moderate income families.

In the first program, as co-applicants, HPD and NHS received a $ 2.08 million
grant from the Department of Housing and Urban Development under its HOPE 3
program, to purchase and rehabilitate 55 buildings in New York City.

NHS will purchase the buildings from the City for $ 1.  The buildings, most in
Brooklyn, are primarily two-family homes which will be renovated into
single-family homes and sold to first-time homebuyers who are at 80% of the area
median income or less.

NHS will oversee the construction, marketing and selling of the homes.  Homes
are expected to cost $ 75,000.  NHS is also expected to counsel all potential
homebuyers to educate them on purchasing and owning a home.

To reconfigure the buildings to single family units will be costly.  However,
both NHS and HPD must use this approach in order to receive the HUD funds.

National Westminister Bank will provide construction financing.  And NHS and HPD
will provide further subsidies if the cost of purchasing and renovating the
houses exceeds the HUD subsidy.  HPD said it will provide a maximum subsidy of $
40,000.

Construction is expected to begin June 1.

NHS and HPD also formed a joint venture partnership to gut renovate 1-20 unit
buildings, or occupied properties that require moderate rehabilitation, under
the NHS tandem loan program.

Carol Borden, director of the small homes unit at HPD said the agency has $ 5.8
million in city capital funds and expects them to be combined with NHS citywide
consortium money for renovations.

Approximately, 13 banks participate in NHS pool.  HPD expects to provide about $
43,000 per unit, at one percent for 30 years and NHS $ 150,000 per project.

Owners will be required to put up 10% equity and in return for a city capital
loan, owners are expected to rent a single bedroom unit for a maximum of $ 525,
two bedroom, $ 625, and a three bedroom at $ 725.

Both organizations hope to renovate 15 to 20 buildings a year depending on their
capacity to get the money out.

NHS said it has hired a loan officer and HPD has dedicated two staff members to
the program.

According to Ms. Corden, five loans have been approved and a sixth is about to
be closed.  The loans were made to small private investors who bought the
buildings at auction hoping to use the HUD 312 program, which provided financing
for small buildings, but which was stopped last September, necessitating the
access to their cityloans.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 National Thrift News, Inc.


                              50 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 1, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Section 533 Rural Housing Preservation Grants

LENGTH: 265  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Housing and Community Facilities Programs
Deadlines  Aug 2, 2013
Contact

For questions, contact the local Rural Development Office.
Purpose

The Housing Preservation Grant (HPG) program provides grants to sponsoring
organizations for the repair or rehabilitation of individual housing, rental
properties, or co-ops owned and/or occupied by very low- and low-income rural
persons.

Assistance is also available to rental property owners to repair and
rehabilitate their units, providing they agree to make such units available to
very-low and low-income families. Financial assistance provided by the grantee
may be in the form of a grant, loan, interest reduction on commercial loans, or
other comparable assistance.
Eligibility

Eligible entities include:

State and local governments
    Nonprofit corporations, which may include
    Federally-recognized Indian tribes
    Consortia of eligible entities

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funds Available: $4,248,836.25

Funds will be distributed under a formula allocation to states.
Application
process

Pre-applications can be submitted either electronically using the Section 533
pre-application form found on the program website or by hard copy to the
appropriate Rural Development State Office where the project will be located.

Links to the pre-application form and full announcement are available on the
program website.
Tagged as  Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 30, 2013 Tuesday

Utah: Section 533 Rural Housing Preservation Grants

LENGTH: 265  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Housing and Community Facilities Programs
Deadlines  Aug 2, 2013
Contact

For questions, contact the local Rural Development Office.
Purpose

The Housing Preservation Grant (HPG) program provides grants to sponsoring
organizations for the repair or rehabilitation of individual housing, rental
properties, or co-ops owned and/or occupied by very low- and low-income rural
persons.

Assistance is also available to rental property owners to repair and
rehabilitate their units, providing they agree to make such units available to
very-low and low-income families. Financial assistance provided by the grantee
may be in the form of a grant, loan, interest reduction on commercial loans, or
other comparable assistance.
Eligibility

Eligible entities include:

State and local governments
    Nonprofit corporations, which may include
    Federally-recognized Indian tribes
    Consortia of eligible entities

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funds Available: $4,248,836.25

Funds will be distributed under a formula allocation to states.
Application
process

Pre-applications can be submitted either electronically using the Section 533
pre-application form found on the program website or by hard copy to the
appropriate Rural Development State Office where the project will be located.

Links to the pre-application form and full announcement are available on the
program website.
Tagged as  Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 27, 2013 Saturday

Utah: Section 533 Rural Housing Preservation Grants

LENGTH: 265  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Housing and Community Facilities Programs
Deadlines  Aug 2, 2013
Contact

For questions, contact the local Rural Development Office.
Purpose

The Housing Preservation Grant (HPG) program provides grants to sponsoring
organizations for the repair or rehabilitation of individual housing, rental
properties, or co-ops owned and/or occupied by very low- and low-income rural
persons.

Assistance is also available to rental property owners to repair and
rehabilitate their units, providing they agree to make such units available to
very-low and low-income families. Financial assistance provided by the grantee
may be in the form of a grant, loan, interest reduction on commercial loans, or
other comparable assistance.
Eligibility

Eligible entities include:

State and local governments
    Nonprofit corporations, which may include
    Federally-recognized Indian tribes
    Consortia of eligible entities

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funds Available: $4,248,836.25

Funds will be distributed under a formula allocation to states.
Application
process

Pre-applications can be submitted either electronically using the Section 533
pre-application form found on the program website or by hard copy to the
appropriate Rural Development State Office where the project will be located.

Links to the pre-application form and full announcement are available on the
program website.
Tagged as  Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 20, 2013 Thursday

Utah: Section 533 Rural Housing Preservation Grants

LENGTH: 265  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Office of Rural Assistance Center, The State of Utah has issued the following
news release:

Sponsor  USDA Housing and Community Facilities Programs
Deadlines  Aug 2, 2013
Contact

For questions, contact the local Rural Development Office.
Purpose

The Housing Preservation Grant (HPG) program provides grants to sponsoring
organizations for the repair or rehabilitation of individual housing, rental
properties, or co-ops owned and/or occupied by very low- and low-income rural
persons.

Assistance is also available to rental property owners to repair and
rehabilitate their units, providing they agree to make such units available to
very-low and low-income families. Financial assistance provided by the grantee
may be in the form of a grant, loan, interest reduction on commercial loans, or
other comparable assistance.
Eligibility

Eligible entities include:

State and local governments
    Nonprofit corporations, which may include
    Federally-recognized Indian tribes
    Consortia of eligible entities

Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funds Available: $4,248,836.25

Funds will be distributed under a formula allocation to states.
Application
process

Pre-applications can be submitted either electronically using the Section 533
pre-application form found on the program website or by hard copy to the
appropriate Rural Development State Office where the project will be located.

Links to the pre-application form and full announcement are available on the
program website.
Tagged as  Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://www.raconline.org/.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Watertown Daily Times

                            August 22, 2005, Monday

Grant worth $ 53K obtained for Lewis County, N.Y., housing rehab

LENGTH: 261 words



Rep. John M. McHugh, R-Pierrepont Manor, has secured a $ 53,000 U.S. Department
of Agriculture grant for Snow Belt Housing Company Inc. in Lewis County.

The funds, available through USDA's Rural Development Housing Preservation Grant
program, will be used to assist low- and very low-income homeowners in
rehabilitating their homes. Assistance is also available to rental property
owners to repair and rehabilitate units, providing they agree to make the units
available to low-income families.

Snow Belt Housing is a nonprofit corporation that provides affordable housing
for low- and moderate-income people in Lewis County. The organization offers
application assistance to individuals and municipalities, homeownership
training, programs for single-family home repair and rehabilitation as well as
rental housing.

The objective of the USDA Rural Development Housing Preservation Grant program
is to repair or rehabilitate individual housing, rental properties, or
cooperatives owned and/or occupied by very low- and low-income rural people.

Financial assistance may be in the form of a grant, loan, interest reduction on
commercial loans, or other assistance.



-----

To see more of the Watertown Daily Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.wdt.net. Copyright (c) 2005, Watertown Daily Times, N.Y.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: WE-HOUSING-GRANT-20050822

JOURNAL-CODE: WE

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                      Copyright 2005 Watertown Daily Times


                              55 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 16, 2014 Monday

Utah: Section 533 Rural Housing Preservation Grants

LENGTH: 271  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Environmental Protection Agency, The State of Utah has issued the following news
release:

Sponsor  USDA Housing and Community Facilities Programs
Deadlines  Jul 28, 2014
Contact

For questions, contact the local Rural Development Office.
Purpose

The Housing Preservation Grant (HPG) program provides grants to sponsoring
organizations for the repair or rehabilitation of individual housing, rental
properties, or co-ops owned and/or occupied by very low- and low-income rural
persons.

Assistance is also available to rental property owners to repair and
rehabilitate their units, providing they agree to make such units available to
very-low and low-income families. Financial assistance provided by the grantee
may be in the form of a grant, loan, interest reduction on commercial loans, or
other comparable assistance.
Eligibility

Eligible entities include:

State and local governments
    Nonprofit corporations
    Federally-recognized Indian tribes
    Consortia of eligible entities

Grantees must use funds in towns with a population under 20,000.
Geographic
coverage  Nationwide
Amount of
funding

Total Funds Available: $3,905,553

Funds will be distributed under a formula allocation to states.
Application
process

Pre-applications can be submitted either electronically using the Section 533
pre-application form found on the program website or by hard copy to the
appropriate Rural Development State Office where the project will be located.

Links to the pre-application form and full announcement are available on the
program website.
Tagged as  Housing and homelessness

For further information please visit: http://yosemite.epa.gov/

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

North Carolina: Brunswick County Housing Preservation Grant Program

LENGTH: 252  words

DATELINE: Raleigh


The State of North Carolina has issued the following news release:

Brunswick County is seeking general contractors for the rehabilitation of homes
under the County's Housing Preservation Grant Program, funded by USDA-Rural
Development.  Both licensed and unlicensed contractors may submit bids.
Contracts will be awarded based on a competitive bidding process.

A contractors' meeting is scheduled for Monday, September 29, 2014 at 10:00 a.m.
in the Solarium Cafeteria area of the Brunswick County Public Assembly Building,
45 Courthouse Drive, Building D, Bolivia, NC.   The County will distribute the
bid proposal packets for the rehabilitation of five (5) dwelling units at this
meeting and the work required for each dwelling will be reviewed.  There is no
charge for receiving bid packages.  A contractor or their representative is
required to attend the contractors' meeting as a prerequisite to bid unless
otherwise specified in writing by the program Administrator/Rehab Inspector Bids
will be opened and read promptly at 10:00 a.m., Monday, October 6, 2014, at the
Brunswick County Public Assembly Building D.  Please contact the Brunswick
County Planning and Community Development Office at 910-253-2213 or 910-253-2210
if there are any questions.

Brunswick County is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Service Provider and
encourages participation by small, minority and female-owned businesses.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

North Carolina: Brunswick County Housing Preservation Grant Program

LENGTH: 252  words

DATELINE: Raleigh


The State of North Carolina has issued the following news release:

Brunswick County is seeking general contractors for the rehabilitation of homes
under the County's Housing Preservation Grant Program, funded by USDA-Rural
Development.  Both licensed and unlicensed contractors may submit bids.
Contracts will be awarded based on a competitive bidding process.

A contractors' meeting is scheduled for Monday, September 29, 2014 at 10:00 a.m.
in the Solarium Cafeteria area of the Brunswick County Public Assembly Building,
45 Courthouse Drive, Building D, Bolivia, NC.   The County will distribute the
bid proposal packets for the rehabilitation of five (5) dwelling units at this
meeting and the work required for each dwelling will be reviewed.  There is no
charge for receiving bid packages.  A contractor or their representative is
required to attend the contractors' meeting as a prerequisite to bid unless
otherwise specified in writing by the program Administrator/Rehab Inspector Bids
will be opened and read promptly at 10:00 a.m., Monday, October 6, 2014, at the
Brunswick County Public Assembly Building D.  Please contact the Brunswick
County Planning and Community Development Office at 910-253-2213 or 910-253-2210
if there are any questions.

Brunswick County is an Equal Opportunity Employer/Service Provider and
encourages participation by small, minority and female-owned businesses.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

North Carolina: Brunswick County Housing Preservation Grant Program

LENGTH: 228  words

DATELINE: Raleigh


The State of North Carolina has issued the following news release:

Brunswick County is seeking general contractors for the rehabilitation of homes
under the County's Housing Preservation Grant Program, funded by USDA-Rural
Development.  Both licensed and unlicensed contractors may submit bids.
Contracts will be awarded based on a competitive bidding process.

A contractors' meeting is scheduled for Monday, September 29, 2014 at 10:00 a.m.
in the Solarium Cafeteria area of the Brunswick County Public Assembly Building,
45 Courthouse Drive, Building D, Bolivia, NC.   The County will distribute the
bid proposal packets for the rehabilitation of five (5) dwelling units at this
meeting and the work required for each dwelling will be reviewed.  There is no
charge for receiving bid packages.  A contractor or their representative is
required to attend the contractors' meeting as a prerequisite to bid unless
otherwise specified in writing by the program Administrator/Rehab Inspector Bids
will be opened and read promptly at 10:00 a.m., Monday, October 6, 2014, at the
Brunswick County Public Assembly Building D.  Please contact the Brunswick
County Planning and Community Development Office at 910-253-2213 or 910-253-2210
if there are any questions.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

North Carolina: Brunswick County Housing Preservation Grant Program

LENGTH: 228  words

DATELINE: Raleigh


The State of North Carolina has issued the following news release:

Brunswick County is seeking general contractors for the rehabilitation of homes
under the County's Housing Preservation Grant Program, funded by USDA-Rural
Development.  Both licensed and unlicensed contractors may submit bids.
Contracts will be awarded based on a competitive bidding process.

A contractors' meeting is scheduled for Monday, September 29, 2014 at 10:00 a.m.
in the Solarium Cafeteria area of the Brunswick County Public Assembly Building,
45 Courthouse Drive, Building D, Bolivia, NC.   The County will distribute the
bid proposal packets for the rehabilitation of five (5) dwelling units at this
meeting and the work required for each dwelling will be reviewed.  There is no
charge for receiving bid packages.  A contractor or their representative is
required to attend the contractors' meeting as a prerequisite to bid unless
otherwise specified in writing by the program Administrator/Rehab Inspector Bids
will be opened and read promptly at 10:00 a.m., Monday, October 6, 2014, at the
Brunswick County Public Assembly Building D.  Please contact the Brunswick
County Planning and Community Development Office at 910-253-2213 or 910-253-2210
if there are any questions.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              60 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

North Carolina: Brunswick County Housing Preservation Grant Program

LENGTH: 228  words

DATELINE: Raleigh


The State of North Carolina has issued the following news release:

Brunswick County is seeking general contractors for the rehabilitation of homes
under the County's Housing Preservation Grant Program, funded by USDA-Rural
Development.  Both licensed and unlicensed contractors may submit bids.
Contracts will be awarded based on a competitive bidding process.

A contractors' meeting is scheduled for Monday, September 29, 2014 at 10:00 a.m.
in the Solarium Cafeteria area of the Brunswick County Public Assembly Building,
45 Courthouse Drive, Building D, Bolivia, NC.   The County will distribute the
bid proposal packets for the rehabilitation of five (5) dwelling units at this
meeting and the work required for each dwelling will be reviewed.  There is no
charge for receiving bid packages.  A contractor or their representative is
required to attend the contractors' meeting as a prerequisite to bid unless
otherwise specified in writing by the program Administrator/Rehab Inspector Bids
will be opened and read promptly at 10:00 a.m., Monday, October 6, 2014, at the
Brunswick County Public Assembly Building D.  Please contact the Brunswick
County Planning and Community Development Office at 910-253-2213 or 910-253-2210
if there are any questions.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              61 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 26, 1984, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

3 CITY AGENCIES JOINING POLICE IN DRIVE ON DRUGS IN HARLEM

BYLINE: By CRAIG WOLFF

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1; Page 39, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 401 words


A drive against narcotics sales in Harlem was announced yesterday by Councilman
Frederick E. Samuel and representatives of three city agencies.

The program, to take effect immediately, will combine the resources of the
city's Departments of Buildings, Transportation and Housing Preservation and
Development, with the efforts of police narcotics enforcement officers already
operating in Harlem.

''We will now know what each other is doing,'' Assistant Police Chief Charles H.
Kelly of Manhattan North said. ''If we find an abandoned building filled with
drugs we'll get the housing people to shut it down or destroy it. Or if we have
a problem with illegally parked cars that we suspect are owned by drug users,
we'll get transportation to tow it away. Before, it didn't happen so easily.''

The operation will concentrate on an area of about 40 blocks from 110th to 120th
Streets and from Fifth Avenue to Morningside Drive.

Operation Pressure Point


It is not intended, Police Commisioner Benjamin Ward said, to be as ambitious as
Operation Pressure Point, an effort against drug sales on the Lower East Side.

But the new drive was inspired in part by the success of the Lower East Side
effort, which has been under way since Jan. 19, according to Mr. Ward.

He said the Police Department would not assign additional officers or allot
special funds to the Harlem precincts.

''We don't have here exactly what we had on the Lower East Side,'' Commisioner
Ward said. ''We don't have have queues lining up on the sidewalk as if they were
buying tomatoes or vegetables. But the feeling here is the same. We don't want
people feeling comfortable selling heroin to our children.''

The Department of Housing Preservation and Development has already designated 18
buildings to be sealed. And the Transportation Department plans to send tow
trucks from midtown to the area.

Senator Alfonse M. D'Amato, Republican of New York, who was also at the morning
news conference, called the new Harlem effort ''a first move toward beating
drugs like we're doing on the Lower East Side.''

In September, four assistant district attornies were hired by the city under a
$245,000 Federal grant to prosecute only cases from the area. They have accepted
365 cases for prosecution and have obtained 142 felony convictions, according to
Sterling Johnson Jr., the city's special prosecutor.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              62 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                          October 20, 1999, Wednesday

HOUSING AGENCY WINS FORD GRANT

BYLINE: By CHRISENA COLEMAN

SECTION: Suburban; Pg.  2

LENGTH: 362 words


The city's Department of Housing Preservation and Development has won a Ford
Foundation Award for its community revitalization program.

The winning project the Neighborhood Entrepreneurs Program was created by Mayor
Giuliani in 1994 to accelerate the sale and rehabilitation of city-owned
buildings.

The program a joint effort by the housing development agency and the New York
City Housing Partnership will receive a $ 100,000 award and recognition as one
of the nation's best examples of government performance.

The award is one of the most prestigious public-service awards in the country.
According to the Ford Foundation, 1,600 programs nationwide applied for the
Innovations in American Government Award, but only 10 were selected.

"The City of New York is extraordinarily proud of this honor," said Giuliani.
"The recognition proves that public initiative combined with private sector
resources lead to new, better and more efficient methods of governing."

The Neighborhood Entrepreneurs Program enables neighborhood-based property
managers to own and manage clusters of formerly city-owned buildings. It focuses
on reversing the cycle of absentee landlords by getting local entrepreneurs
involved.

Under the program, the city renovated 2,000 units, helped reduce the city's
inventory of properties by 60% between 1994 and 1999, and stimulated the
investment of nearly $ 230 million in private financing in blighted
neighborhoods.

The program also ensures long-term affordability for existing tenants and rents
vacant units at moderate or market rates, which encourages mixed income housing.

"[The program] allows the city to both maintain affordable housing for New
Yorkers and increase local investment in the community," said Housing
Commissioner Richard Roberts. "The unique component of . . . [the program] is
its focus on small owners who have a commitment to their neighborhood."

According to Roberts, one of the most successful projects the program has taken
on is W. 140th St. in Harlem, where 12 buildings were renovated. The street,
once considered one of the city's worst blocks, is now one of the safest,
officials said.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1999 Daily News, L.P.


                              63 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 20, 2014 Wednesday

Congressman Serrano Announces $300,000 in EPA Funding to Clean Up Contaminated
Properties in the Bronx

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Jose Serrano, U.S Government has issued
the following news release:

Congressman José E. Serrano (D-NY) today announced that the New York City
Department of Housing Preservation and Development and the South Bronx Overall
Economic Development Corporation will receive a total of $300,000 in grants and
low-interest loans to clean up various sites in the Bronx and turn them into new
affordable housing units.  The funding was awarded through the Environmental
Protection Agency's Brownfields program, which "helps communities assess, clean
up, and reuse properties at which moderate contamination threatens environmental
quality and public health." The new housing units will provide additional
sources of affordable housing in the Bronx, and some units will be designed as
supportive housing to serve individuals who just went through a period of
homelessness, hospitalization, incarceration, and young adults coming out of
foster care.

"This funding will help continue the revitalization of our neighborhoods and
help increase the amount of affordable housing in the Bronx. Throughout the
years, I have made it a priority to invest in environmental restoration and
urban renewal. Today's announcement will allow us to continue making progress in
this area. I thank and applaud the Environmental Protection Agency's efforts to
help local communities unlock their economic potential by providing them with
the resources they need to rehabilitate contaminated sites and make them safe
for use. Their support through this type of initiative is crucial in places like
the Bronx," said Congressman Serrano.

The funding announced will specifically be distributed as follows:

$120,000 for the New York City Department of Housing Preservation and
Development to construct a 57-unit affordable housing project on 491 E. 165th
Street and 1052 Washington Avenue. The project will create 19 new affordable
units and 38 new units of affordable housing. Supportive housing combines
affordable housing and support services with the intention of helping
individuals after going through a period of homelessness, hospitalization or
incarceration, or for youth that has aged out of foster care and need housing as
new young adults.

$180,000 for the South Bronx Overall Economic Development Corporation, a
combination of a $60,000 grant and a $120,000 low-interest loan to build an
affordable housing project with 95 units at 996 Washington Avenue. The project
will serve formerly homeless individuals.

For further information please visit: http://serrano.house.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              64 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                          November 19, 2003, Wednesday

CITY TARGETS BOROUGH IN 3B HOUSING PLAN

BYLINE: By WARREN WOODBERRY Jr. DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SUBURBAN; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 463 words


A $3 billion initiative to improve city housing will preserve and create 65,000
units over five years, with an emphasis on Queens, officials said yesterday.

In 2002, the borough had the lowest vacancy rate - at 1.78% - of all boroughs,
and Mayor Bloomberg has laid out a citywide plan that will help Queens renters
buy houses, homeowners acquire funds for costly repairs and assist developers in
constructing new housing.

"Queens is the borough with the most significant overcrowding situation, and
it's a borough that had the largest population growth," Kimberly Hardy, deputy
commissioner for the city Department of Housing Preservation and Development,
said yesterday in an appearance before the borough cabinet in Borough Hall. "The
challenge is more pronounced here in Queens."

New York saw its population grow by 9.4% over the past decade, due mostly to a
surge in immigration, according to the 2000 census.

"We don't have homelessness; we have illegal occupants and illegal conversions,"
said Borough President Helen Marshall. "The market itself is growing at leaps
and bounds. The cost of housing has escalated to ridiculous prices."

Components of the mayor's plan include an investment of $25 million for 2,500
first-time homebuyers to afford houses through a down payment assistance
program. Other programs would offer low-interest loans or small grants based
upon eligibility requirements.

Hardy said that 56% of city households pay more than 30% of their household
income in rent, which makes it difficult for many young families to buy homes.

"I think these are issues that Queens has faced over the last decade that
weren't so key in other parts of [the] city," she said.

Another feature of the mayor's plan calls for a commitment of $200 million
toward the New Venture Incentive program that would give low-interest loans to
developers for sites that may need remediation for development.

As part of the plan, HPD will partner with nonprofit groups to assist and
encourage landlords to rehabilitate properties that had been of no financial
incentive so vacant units may be brought back online.

Hardy added that another component of the mayor's plan would be to decrease
city-owned housing stock by transferring it back to the private sector. She said
there are fewer than 100 city-owned buildings in Queens.

In addition to the initiative, the city intends to rezone 44 blocks in Long
Island City, more than 400 blocks in downtown Jamaica and areas in Flushing to
spur new housing.

In September, 120 blocks on Northern, Junction and Astoria Blvds. in Corona were
rezoned to allow for greater residential use.

For information about the Department of Housing Preservation and Development
initiative, visit http://nyc.gov/hpd.


LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CRAIG WARGAS FACING CHALLENGE Kimberly Harding, deputy commissioner for
the Department of Housing Preservation and Development, talks about city's plans
to bolster new housing in the borough.

                        Copyright 2003 Daily News, L.P.


                              65 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 19, 1984, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

HOW WEST SIDE NEIGHBORS RESCUED AN S.R.O. HOTEL

BYLINE: By KIRK JOHNSON

SECTION: Section 8; Page 7, Column 1; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 1885 words


Late in the afternoon of Nov. 18, 1983, Carol

Lamberg began skipping around her

midtown Manhattan office shouting, ''It's feasible! The numbers work!''

Miss Lamberg, the executive director of the Settlement Housing Fund Inc., a
nonprofit agency that specializes in packaging financial aid for low-income
housing, recalls the moment vividly: It was the day that the pieces of the
Capitol Hall Hotel deal finally fell into place.

But the odyssey was by no means over for Miss Lamberg and the half-dozen or so
other individuals and groups that had earlier formed the Hotel Preservation
Corporation in an effort to buy the Capitol Hall. The disposition of the Upper
West Side single-room-occupancy hotel was to remain unsettled for eight more
months, during which there would be many other obstacles to overcome and crises
to resolve.

The purchase of the Capitol Hall, on 87th Street between Amsterdam and Columbus
Avenues, was inspired and led by the West 87th Street 100 Block Association,
which began the effort several years ago after the corporation that owned it
indicated that it intended to empty the building and convert it into a luxury
residence. From the onset, the association's goal was to maintain the building
as an S.R.O. so that its present tenants - mostly elderly or disabled people and
in some cases former mental patients - would not be displaced.

How that goal was realized with the building's purchase last month for $1.78
million - the total financing package of about $3.3 million included about $1.1
million for renovation of the apartments, plus about $400,000 for ''soft costs''
like insurance and architect's fees - provides a glimpse into the way not-
for-profit real-estate financing is accomplished. It is also a lesson in
persistence.

''The block association gave me a real headache, but they really cared about
getting things done,'' said Aimee Gemeiner, deputy director of the Section 8
moderate-rehabilitation housing program of city's Department of Housing
Preservation and Development. ''When we needed a contract signed, they would fly
to Albany and camp out in front of somebody's office.''

According to city housing officials, the Capitol Hall transaction is believed to
be the first in which a nonprofit group bought an occupied S.R.O. with the
intention of keeping it as an S.R.O. The lack of precedent, in fact, was one of
the obstacles the buyers had to overcome.

The intricate patchwork of seven major sources of financing included state and
city agencies that had never before cooperated on a project. They often had
conflicting legal requirements that had to be ironed out. Indeed, even
communication between the agencies was sometimes difficult. Many times the
problems seemed insurmountable because there were so many consents and
agreements that had to be put into place. And when the Preservation Corporation
announced the hotel purchase, it listed the names of 189 individuals, churches,
foundations and agencies that had helped in some way.

Long before Nov. 18, for example, when Miss Lamberg concluded - based on a
letter she received that day from the State Department of Social Services
promising a grant of $250,000 - that the project was indeed workable, another
state agency had already pledged nearly $465,000 in aid.

But the $465,000 check, from the Division of Housing and Community Renewal, had
still not shown up eight months later in July, when the sale was to be closed.
The day before the closing, the Settlement Housing Fund had to borrow that
amount from the Goldome Savings Bank, at 1 percentage point over the prime rate,
to cover the purchase price. The housing agency's check, delayed by the
complexity of the grant, which required review from several different agencies,
finally arrived last week.

The Capitol Hall project began more than three years ago, when the block
association, which had become involved in providing social services to the
hotel's residents, determined that the owner of the building, Laurel Brook
Associates Inc., was preparing to change the building's use. Mig Boyle, a member
of the block association and a director of the Hotel Preservation Corporation,
said the owner stopped re-renting vacant rooms at about that time, and began
showing greater reluctance to make repairs. That, she said, was enough to put
the group into action.

The association first approached the Goddard-Riverside Community Center, an
Upper West Side social service group that, in turn, introduced the group's
leaders to the people at the Settlement Housing Fund. These three groups then
founded the Hotel Preservation Corporation in 1981.

The corporation made its first real step in January 1983, signing a one-year
option purchase contract with the owner. The contract required monthly payments
of $6,250 to maintain the option for a year.

''That was a big leap,'' Miss Boyle said. ''We were in real business then. None
of us knew then whether it would be economically possible to put this together.
We thought we might just be throwing money down a hole.''

Miss Boyle, who quit her job at about that time as a tenant organizer for the
Westside S.R.O. Law Project to devote herself full- time to the Capitol Hall
project, said most of the monthly payments during the period were raised by the
block association members themselves, and from grants by foundations and
churches. Between January 1983 and the building's final purchase last month,
about $170,000 was collected from those sources. Hotel residents contributed
about $400, Miss Boyle said.

With the option purchase contract came full management of the hotel, and that,
in turn, allowed the would-be buyers to apply for rent subsidies from the city's
Department of Housing Preservation and Development under the Section 8
moderate-rehabilitation program, which was initiated in 1982 to encourage the
creation or rehabilitation of S.R.O. hotels.

Along with the state Social Services grant, the city's decision last September
to grant the subsidies was another major piece of the Capitol Hall financing
package. Under Section 8, the city guarantees rent subsidies for 15 years, using
Federal Department of Housing and Urban Development funds earmarked for the
purpose.

Tenants must pay either 30 percent of their income toward rent, or their welfare
housing allowance, which for a single person is $192 a month. The city, through
a Federal contract, then pays the balance. At the Capitol Hall, the rent is $294
a month for a room without a kitchen or bathroom. The average income of tenants
at the hotel is $350 a month.

The application of Section 8 subsidies to the Capitol Hall had several effects.
First, it fulfilled the legal requirements of the state's Division of Housing
and Community Renewal, which requires municipalities to contribute matching
funds to qualify for grants under its municipal-assistance program. Thus, that
agency's $465,000 grant fell into place.

The city's guarantee of rent subsidies also heartened would-be private lenders
because it provided an assured income to the building that could sustain a
mortgage. So, too, did the city's simultaneous granting of a $465,000
participation loan at 1 percent interest. A participation loan blends
low-interest Government funds with a private loan to make it possible for a
builder to provide lower-cost, and thus lower-rent, rehabilitation.

Another major key to the success of the Capitol Hall was the State of New York
Mortgage Agency's decision last November to guarantee the mortgage on the
building under its mortgage-insurance program, which limits a lender's potential
losses to 25 cents on the dollar.

Within several weeks of the guarantee, two major lenders had come forward. In
mid- December, the St. James Episcopal Church, at 71st Street and Madison
Avenue, announced its intention of granting a $500,000, 15-year loan to the
project.

The following day, the Bowery Savings Bank said that it would grant a permanent
15- year loan of about $1.46 million, and that it was bringing in the church as
a participant in the first mortgage, for a total of loan of about $1.96 million.
The bank loan is a three-year- adjustable rate mortgage that began at 12.5
percent. The church's loan was made at a subsidized interest rate that will
float 1 percentage point below the variable rate on the Bowery loan. The
church's loan, thus began at an 11.5 percent interest rate. It was the
partnership with the bank that allowed the church's funds to be covered under
the Sonny Mae guarantee.

Yet even with the guarantees, and the substantial amount of money that had
already been pledged to the project, the loan did not go through easily at the
Bowery.

''There was a real psychological hurdle,'' said M. Jane Stanicki, an urban
lending officer at the Bowery. ''When you say 'S.R.O.,' the name conjures up
certain images. It doesn't make you think immediately of a respectable
appreciation.''

Miss Stanicki said she tried to make the loan-approval board at the bank see the
social benefit of the project. ''But the numbers had to work,'' she explained.

To a certain extent, making the ''numbers work'' at the Capitol Hall was a
matter of luck, according to those involved. Because so many of the financing
sources depended on the participation of other sources, the falling- out of any
of the key links could have unraveled the project entirely.

From the private and public sector contributors, there were conflicting
hesitations. Bankers, for example, were concerned that a project so large was
under the control of an essentially untried nonprofit corporation - a concern
that was echoed by the Department of Housing Preservation and Development.

The state's Division of Social Services, on the other hand, which made its
$250,000 grant under the Homeless Housing Assistance Program, needed assurance
that the nonprofit group would have the major voice in the the management of the
hotel once the transaction was completed.

Under the compromise finally reached, the hotel was bought and is now being
renovated by a private syndicate, of which the Hotel Preservation Corporation is
a co-general partner. The other co-general partner is Morris Miller, a developer
who has worked with the city on other S.R.O. renovations. That partnership
satisfied the city and lenders. To satisfy the state Social Services
requirements, a section was written into the syndicate's bylaws giving the Hotel
Preservation Corporation control over management.

Beyond such nuts-and-bolts negotiations, however, city officials say a
philosophical debate was going on as well. ''There was a whole policy issue to
think through,'' said Judith Spektor, director of the Mayor's Office of S.R.O.
Housing. ''Do you invest X amount of dollars in an otherwise gentrifying area?
Could your dollar, which buys X units here, go further elsewhere?''

Ultimately, Miss Spektor said, the city's support for the Capitol Hall project,
which was crucial to its success, was decided by the statement it would make.

''We felt we had to make the statement that it is important to preserve and
improve what we have, and to prevent conversions,'' she said. ''If we didn't,
then it was clear that this building would have gone the way of other S.R.O.
properties. It was an important direction for us to take.''


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of board and staff members

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              66 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            November 20, 2015 Friday

Washington: Senators Collins, King Announce U.S. Department of Agriculture
Funding to Support Low-Income Housing

LENGTH: 283 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Office of the Senator Susan Collins has issued the following
news release:



 U.S. Senators Susan Collins, Chairman of the Transportation, Housing and Urban
Development Appropriations Subcommittee, and Angus King announced today that the
United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) has awarded two Housing
Preservation Grants to Penquis Community Action Program Inc. (Penquis CAP) and
Western Maine Community Action (WMCA) to support housing rehabilitation projects
in Franklin, Penobscot, Piscataquis, Knox, and Waldo Counties.





       &ldquo;This important investment will help low-income families across
Maine maintain good, safe homes,&rdquo; the Senators said in a joint statement.
&ldquo;Maine&rsquo;s bitterly cold winters present serious challenges for our
state&rsquo;s most vulnerable families, and this funding will help dozens of
Mainers prepare their homes for the coming months.&rdquo;



       USDA&rsquo;s Housing Preservation Grant program provides grants to
sponsoring organizations for the repair or rehabilitation of housing occupied by
low and very low-income individuals. The rural development funds provided
through this program will be combined with funding from other Maine-based
organizations to provide assistance to those in need.



 The funding totals are as follows:



 WMCA:          USDA Grant: $25,000

                         Funding from other organizations: $67,000

                         Total: $92,000



 Penquis CAP:   USDA Grant: $25,000

                         Funding from other organizations: $230,800

                         Total: $255,800



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            November 16, 2015 Monday

Washington: Senators Collins, King Announce U.S. Department of Agriculture
Funding to Support Low-Income Housing

LENGTH: 229 words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: Office of the Senator Angus King has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senators Susan Collins, Chairman of the Transportation, Housing and Urban
Development Appropriations Subcommittee, and Angus King announced today that the
United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) has awarded two Housing
Preservation Grants to Penquis Community Action Program Inc. (Penquis CAP) and
Western Maine Community Action (WMCA) to support housing rehabilitation projects
in Franklin, Penobscot, Piscataquis, Knox, and Waldo Counties.





 &ldquo;This important investment will help low-income families across Maine
maintain good, safe homes,&rdquo; the Senators said in a joint statement.
&ldquo;Maine&rsquo;s bitterly cold winters present serious challenges for our
state&rsquo;s most vulnerable families, and this funding will help dozens of
Mainers prepare their homes for the coming months.&rdquo;



 USDA&rsquo;s Housing Preservation Grant program provides grants to sponsoring
organizations for the repair or rehabilitation of housing occupied by low and
very low-income individuals. The rural development funds provided through this
program will be combined with funding from other Maine-based organizations to
provide assistance to those in need.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            August 4, 2004 Wednesday
                              Correction Appended
                              Late Edition - Final

Congressman May Cut Ties to Cultural Group

BYLINE: By DAVID GONZALEZ and JONATHAN P. HICKS

SECTION: Section B; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1279 words


A little-known South Bronx cultural group with ties to a Bronx congressman has
received more than $1.1 million in federal grants despite having little to show
for its efforts besides fund-raising pitches and a Web site, according to an
examination of the group's financial records and interviews with government and
cultural officials.

The group, Casa Cultural Puertorriquena, was established in 2001 as a pet
project of Rep. Jose E. Serrano, who said he wanted to create an institution to
archive and showcase the history and contributions of Puerto Ricans in New York
City. Representative Serrano, a Democrat, helped secure $250,000 from the
Department of Housing Preservation and Development and $904,000 from a branch of
the Department of Commerce for the project, which was to be used to purchase a
building and develop program plans.

But the organization has yet to find a home to locate its museum, and it
operates out of a storefront at 747 Melrose Avenue in the Bronx.

Further, those most involved with the project have had close political ties to
Mr. Serrano. Its board was led by Francisco Lugovina, a onetime Bronx Democratic
party operative who is godfather to Representative Serrano's son, City
Councilman Jose Marco Serrano. Mr. Lugovina's fiancee, Noemi Santana, is the
group's executive director, and she received a salary of $82,515 in 2002,
according to tax returns. Among other expenses were more than $36,000 in
consulting fees to David Rosado, a former state senator who as district leader
helped Councilman Serrano win his seat.

Representative Serrano says he chose Ms. Santana and Mr. Lugovina on their
merits and that he was untroubled by their personal relationship. However, he
now says their selection was a mistake and that the group had become ''a
renegade program'' that was overstating its connections to him while refusing
any oversight from his staff.

Mr. Serrano, a member of the House Appropriations Committee, said his
Congressional office could not get basic financial information from the group.
But copies of the group's 2001 and 2002 tax returns were obtained by a reporter
on Monday, hours after they were requested from the New York State attorney
general, who keeps them on file.

Mr. Serrano said that while he never thought the group broke any laws, he was
seeking to freeze whatever funds remain and transfer them to another entity that
can turn his cultural center into a reality.

''This was a project that needed people to put it in place,'' he said. ''It is
clear to me I chose the wrong people. Upon finding out, I did what I needed to
do.''

During interviews on Monday afternoon, various people involved with the project
spoke as if they still had Mr. Serrano's support, insisting they were part of a
noble effort that was about to take off.

''This project is a legacy for the Puerto Rican community,'' Ms. Santana said.
''When nobody else stepped up to the plate to consider the fact that Puerto
Ricans are about to disappear in terms of their contributions to the city and
country, Serrano stepped up to the plate.''

She and others said the group tried but failed to purchase the old Bronx
Courthouse on 161st Street and Third Avenue. She said they would soon enter into
contract on the purchase of a four-story loft building on 139th Street and Rider
Avenue in the Bronx, and the group's Web site says they will move into the
building's first floor in the fall.

However, David Lee, the building's current first-floor tenant who runs a
dancewear factory there, said that he had just signed a new one-year lease and
was unaware of any plans to be moved out. Tom Cisco, the building's manager,
said the group had shown interest in the building, but they were not about to
move in.

According to the group's Web site and interviews with Ms. Santana and others,
the project was to be an all-inclusive repository for Puerto Rican culture.

''This is a very scholarly type of project,'' Ms. Santana said. ''We are
modeling this after the Smithsonian. The mission of the Smithsonian is to
collect the artifacts of a culture. That is what we are hoping to do.''

But scholars, artists and curators active in the Puerto Rican community said the
group's board, which also includes Mr. Lugovina's son-in-law and Ms. Santana's
daughter, had little expertise in such matters.

Juan Flores, a professor at Hunter College, who has met with some of the
project's proponents, including Ms. Santana, said: ''When I talk to her it is
not like I'm talking with someone who knows a lot about Puerto Rican culture.''

Susana Torruella Leval, the former director of El Museo del Barrio, said she was
only vaguely familiar with the group, but that its board's composition was
troubling.

''It is a hard situation when Puerto Ricans speak ill of each other,'' she said.
''But it is public money, and there is a sense of responsibility that should be
there, but sometimes isn't.''

An examination of the group's 2002 tax return shows that it spent $351,013 on a
program called the Fred Daris Action Theater as well as ''Casa Cultural'' to
bring ''arts and culture to residents of the South Bronx.'' Mr. Daris was long
active in running a theater program in South Bronx schools, and Representative
Serrano considered him a mentor.

Ms. Santana described the Daris theater group as ''still an idea in a file.''
When asked about how money given to the group was used, Ms. Santana said it was
spent on feasibility studies and legal fees to explore using a space inside a
building owned by a limited partnership. Among the owners, she said, was her
fiance, Mr. Lugovina.

Mr. Lugovina did not respond to several messages left at his business and at a
phone he shares with Ms. Santana. Friends and acquaintances describe him as a
Buddhist priest active in peacemaking movements.

Mr. Rosado, the former state senator, was paid $3,000 a month for ''13 or 14
months'' until last December. He said there was no conflict in his work for the
group, even though as district leader he played a role in rallying support for
the campaigns of both Serranos.

''I was a man looking for a job, and I found one,'' he said. ''It was something
very close to my heart. I liked the concept."

It has been difficult, he said, to get the group to meet its lofty goals.

''It has been uphill and uphill, and we haven't been able to find the downhill
part yet,'' he said. ''I hope the downhill part of this will come very soon. It
hasn't been easy."

Ms. Santana insisted there was no problem with the board or the group's
dealings.

''I am the C.E.O., the founder, the visionary of the project,'' she said. ''This
board is my board. I have no qualms. These are the most wonderful, trusting and
hardworking people.''

Yet even along the streets of Melrose, where the group has its storefront
office, people active in the arts heard nothing about them until only a few
months ago. Even then, the first approach was troubling, they said.

Carlos Torres, a musician who also uses the name Tato and works at several
cultural centers in the neighborhood, said he was approached by members of the
Casa Cultural for what he thought was a meeting to help him resolve problems
with an endangered community center and garden. He said they dropped a lot of
names, but no money. Instead, he said, he was asked to lend his group's name to
the Casa's fund-raising efforts.

''I work with institutions that get no money, nothing from the politicians,''
Mr. Torres said. ''Then to top it off, the people who get money from the
politicians come here piggybacking off our work and sweat. It is just shameful,
when we reach out to politicians and get nothing because they are giving it to
their compadres.''


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: August 5, 2004



CORRECTION: An article yesterday about Casa Cultural Puertorriquena, a South
Bronx arts group that government and cultural officials say has yet to establish
itself beyond a Web site after receiving $1.1 million in federal grants,
misidentified the source of one grant. The award, $250,000, came from the
federal Department of Housing and Urban Development, not from New York's
Department of Housing Preservation and Development.



GRAPHIC: Photos: Casa Cultural Puertorriquena plans to buy this building on
Rider Avenue. (Photo by Shannon Stapleton for The New York Times)(pg. B1)
 Representative Jose E. Serrano helped the group receive grants. (pg. B2)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              69 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                              June 8, 2012 Friday
                                 METRO EDITION

HPD guy hit over shoplifts

BYLINE: By Bill Hutchinson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 205 words


A STICKY-FINGERED city bureaucrat has owned up to compulsive shoplifting -
snatching goodies from all sorts of shops, including Bergdorf Goodman.

Ted Gallagher, 54, who works for the city Department of Housing Preservation and
Development writing federal grant applications, has pleaded guilty to pilfering
from groceries, art galleries and fine clothing stores.

He admitted to ripping off $2,500 worth of merchandise from Bergdorf Goodman
during two shoplifting sprees at the W. 58th St. location.

Because Gallagher is also a lawyer, the state 1st Judicial Department deemed his
misdemeanor convictions "serious crimes" and ordered him to appear before its
disciplinary committee.

The committee announced Thursday that Gallagher's punishment includes a public
censure - a reprimand that will appear on state bar records - and a year of
psychotherapy.

An HPD source said Gallagher does not directly handle funds. "Mr. Gallagher has
notified appropriate administrative staff at HPD of these incidents as is
required by our code of conduct," the source said. "He has said that he deeply
regrets his actions, and he has been voluntarily seeking treatment for more than
a year. He intends to fully comply with the requirements of the censure."

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NLVL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Daily News, L.P.


                              70 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              January 28, 1988, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Apartments Planned for the Homeless

BYLINE: y MICHEL MARRIOTT

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 4; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 520 words


A partnership of government and education, religion and banking has developed a
$7 million plan to create 101 apartment units for homeless young families and
the elderly in a handsome old building on the Upper West Side.

The plan is considered innovative not only for the coalition backing it and the
mix of homeless families and the elderly, but also because it would mix those
who will live permanently in the building with those who cannot, city housing
officials said yesterday.

''This is part of the first phase to get us out of the shelters and welfare
hotels,'' said Stella Schindler, director of the Mayor's Office for Homeless and
Single Room Occupancy Housing Services.

The building, known as the Congressional, is at 483 West End Avenue, near 83d
Street. For years, Ms. Schindler said, people have lived in the 12-story former
luxury residence in single-room-occupancy units.

Moderate Renovations Planned

Under the plan, the building is to be ''moderately renovated'' so that half of
the single-room-occupancy units for families will have kitchenettes and
bathrooms. The remaining units will have shared bathrooms and much smaller
kitchens, said Catie Marshall, a spokeswoman for the city's Department of
Housing, Preservation and Development, a partner in the plan.

The plan, she said, will preserve at least some of the city's 52,000 S.R.O.'s
from developers who might one day seek to convert them into high-profit luxury
housing. The loss of many S.R.O.'s has been blamed, in part, for the rapid
increase in homelessness, some housing experts say.

Ms. Marshall said the renovations, expected to take about a year, should not
displace any of the 26 people now living there.

Mayor Koch and John Cardinal O'Connor are to appear today with other dignitaries
at the New York Roman Catholic Archdiocese office at 1011 First Avenue, near
55th Street, for a news conference to announce the plan.

The renovations and the management of the building will be supervised by the
West End Intergenerational Residence Housing Development Fund Company, made up
of key supporters of the plan and providers of proposed social and educational
services for the residents.

Help for Mothers Envisioned

Fordham University, for example, will provide study programs for the building's
young mothers, Ms. Schindler said. Foundling Hospital's Foster Grandparents
Program will encourage the building's elderly to help younger tenants with the
care of their preschool children, she added.

Phipps Houses, the city's oldest not-for-profit housing developer, has agreed to
manage the building.

The plan, formulated by the New York Archdiocese, is to be financed primarily by
a $4.1 million interest-free loan from the city's Department of Housing,
Preservation and Development. The state is providing a $1.5 million grant. The
Chase Manhattan Bank made a $4.5 million loan to the sponsoring company after
the loan was guaranteed by Catholic Charities.

''We have not had one word of opposition,'' said the Rev. Donald Sakano,
director of the Office of Neighborhood Preservation of the Archdiocese of New
York.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Stella Schindler (NYT/Neal Boenzi)

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              71 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 5, 1995, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Q. & A.

SECTION: Section 9; Page 10; Column 6; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 693 words



Obtaining Assessed Valuations

Q I purchased 4 acres of undeveloped land in Schroon Lake in 1981 for $6,000.
The land is now assessed at more than $75,000. Is it possible to obtain
neighbors' assessed valuations or the amounts of recent purchases of similar
property? To whom do I write for information? . . . Martin Gittleman, Manhattan.


A In New York, as in many other states, property-tax assessments and real-estate
transactions are considered public information. The procedure for obtaining that
information, however, varies slightly from state to state.

In Schroon Lake, which is in Essex County, assessments can be obtained by
contacting either the township tax office or the Essex County Real Property
Service in Elizabethtown, N.Y.

"Both the county and the local assessor's office have copies of the county tax
maps," said Bernard R. Miller, director of the Essex County Real Property
Service. "By using the indexes available, you can look up the names of
surrounding owners and then get the assessments of those properties."

As for recent sales, Mr. Miller said, that information can be obtained by
writing to the Essex County Real Property Service, P.O. Box 217, Elizabethtown,
N.Y.

"We can print a computer list of recent sales from whatever date you want," Mr.
Miller said, adding that in Essex County, there is a charge of 35 cents a page
for the list.

In Connecticut, property-tax assessments are readily available, but only at the
tax office in the town where the property is situated.

"If you want comparable sales, they're harder to get," said William Selsberg, a
Stamford lawyer who specializes in real estate. "The assessor really doesn't
track comparables." That information, however, can usually be obtained from
private appraisal companies that track recent sales.

In New Jersey, assessments can often be obtained by calling the county or
municipal tax office, said Bill Higgins, president of Prudential/ Higgins Real
Estate in Hillsdale, N.J. Getting information on sales, however, almost always
requires a personal visit.

"You have to go and do some legwork," Mr. Higgins said.

Getting Information On '80/20' Housing

Q From time to time I read in your newspaper about rental housing that is being
built that is partially subsidized and has tax abatements because the builders
are reserving 20% of the apartments for tenants with limited incomes.

Could you please let me know what the "limited incomes" are and how one would go
about applying for an apartment if one's income falls within the guidelines? . .
. Marian Miller, Manhattan.

A Two city agencies administer "80/20" programs that make reduced-rent
apartments available to limited-income tenants. The Housing Development
Corporation and the Department of Housing Preservation and Development grant
tax-exempt financing and/or property-tax abatements to developers who allocate
20 percent of the apartments in a development to limited-income families. The
rents for the those apartments -- which vary from building to building -- must
be below market value, said Cassandra Vernon, a spokeswoman for the Department
of Housing Preservation and Development.

For the 80/20 program sponsored by the Housing Development Corporation, Ms.
Vernon said, an applicant family's income can be no more than 50 percent of the
current median income in New York City for a similarly sized family. That
translates to a maximum income of $17,150 a year for one person or $24,500 a
year for a family of four.

For the program sponsored by the Department of Housing Preservation and
Development, Ms. Vernon said, an applicant's income can be no more than 80
percent of the median income.

At present, Ms. Vernon said, all eligible apartments have been rented.

"We suggest that people write to the Housing Development Corporation to get a
list of 80/20 buildings," Ms. Vernon said. Prospective tenants can then contact
the managing agents of the buildings to obtain applications.

"The only problem is that the waiting lists are extraordinarily long," Ms.
Vernon said.

The Housing Development Corporation is at 75 Maiden Lane, New York, N.Y. 10038.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Question

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              72 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2013 iWave Information System, Inc., All Rights
                                    Reserved
                           Charitable Donations Data


                         RECIPIENT: Telamon Corporation
                       DONOR: Housing Preservation Grant


                         LAST UPDATED: October 21, 2013
                              DONATION YEAR: 2007

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * TRANSACTION SUMMARY * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


DONATION TYPE:  Annual Gift
DONATION RANGE:  USD Unspecified

* * * * * * * * * * RECIPIENT DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


RECIPIENT:  Telamon Corporation
TAXCODE:  56-1022483
URL:  http://www.telamon.org
LOCATION:  Raleigh, NC, 27612
CATEGORY:  Human Services

* * * * * * * * * * DONOR DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


DONOR:  Housing Preservation Grant
DONOR TYPE:  Individuals

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2014


                              73 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2013 iWave Information System, Inc., All Rights
                                    Reserved
                           Charitable Donations Data


                         RECIPIENT: Telamon Corporation
                       DONOR: Housing Preservation Grant


                         LAST UPDATED: October 21, 2013
                              DONATION YEAR: 2008

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * TRANSACTION SUMMARY * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


DONATION TYPE:  Annual Gift
DONATION RANGE:  USD Unspecified

* * * * * * * * * * RECIPIENT DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


RECIPIENT:  Telamon Corporation
TAXCODE:  56-1022483
URL:  http://www.telamon.org
LOCATION:  Raleigh, NC, 27612
CATEGORY:  Human Services

* * * * * * * * * * DONOR DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


DONOR:  Housing Preservation Grant
DONOR TYPE:  Individuals

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2014


                              74 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2016 iWave Information System, Inc., All Rights
                                    Reserved
                      VeriGift Charitable Giving by iWave


              RECIPIENT: Southeastern Vermont Community Action Inc
                    DONOR: Housing Preservation Grant (HPG)


                           LAST UPDATED: June 7, 2016
                              DONATION YEAR: 2014

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * TRANSACTION SUMMARY * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


DONATION TYPE:  Annual Gift
DONATION RANGE:  USD Unspecified

* * * * * * * * * * RECIPIENT DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


RECIPIENT:  Southeastern Vermont Community Action Inc
TAXCODE:  03-0216740
URL:  http://www.sevca.org
LOCATION:  Westminster, VT, 05158
CATEGORY:  Human Services

* * * * * * * * * * DONOR DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


DONOR:  Housing Preservation Grant (HPG)
DONOR TYPE:  Individuals

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2016


                              75 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2013 iWave Information System, Inc., All Rights
                                    Reserved
                           Charitable Donations Data


                         RECIPIENT: Telamon Corporation
                DONOR: South Carolina Housing Preservation Grant


                         LAST UPDATED: October 21, 2013
                              DONATION YEAR: 2010

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * TRANSACTION SUMMARY * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


DONATION TYPE:  Annual Gift
DONATION RANGE:  USD Unspecified

* * * * * * * * * * RECIPIENT DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


RECIPIENT:  Telamon Corporation
TAXCODE:  56-1022483
URL:  http://www.telamon.org
LOCATION:  Raleigh, NC, 27612
CATEGORY:  Human Services

* * * * * * * * * * DONOR DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


DONOR:  South Carolina Housing Preservation Grant
DONOR TYPE:  Individuals

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2014


                              76 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2016 iWave Information System, Inc., All Rights
                                    Reserved
                      VeriGift Charitable Giving by iWave


                         RECIPIENT: Telamon Corporation
           DONOR: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Rural Development/
                           Housing Preservation Grant


                          LAST UPDATED: June 21, 2016
                              DONATION YEAR: 2014

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * TRANSACTION SUMMARY * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


DONATION TYPE:  Annual Gift
DONATION RANGE:  USD Unspecified

* * * * * * * * * * RECIPIENT DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


RECIPIENT:  Telamon Corporation
TAXCODE:  56-1022483
URL:  http://www.telamon.org
LOCATION:  Raleigh, NC, 27612
CATEGORY:  Human Services

* * * * * * * * * * DONOR DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


DONOR:  U.S. Department of Agriculture, Rural Development/Housing Preservation
Grant
DONOR TYPE:  Other

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2016


                              77 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2016 iWave Information System, Inc., All Rights
                                    Reserved
                      VeriGift Charitable Giving by iWave


                         RECIPIENT: Telamon Corporation
           DONOR: U.S. Department of Agriculture, Rural Development/
                           Housing Preservation Grant


                          LAST UPDATED: June 21, 2016
                              DONATION YEAR: 2013

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * TRANSACTION SUMMARY * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


DONATION TYPE:  Annual Gift
DONATION RANGE:  USD Unspecified

* * * * * * * * * * RECIPIENT DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


RECIPIENT:  Telamon Corporation
TAXCODE:  56-1022483
URL:  http://www.telamon.org
LOCATION:  Raleigh, NC, 27612
CATEGORY:  Human Services

* * * * * * * * * * DONOR DETAILS * * * * * * * * * *


DONOR:  U.S. Department of Agriculture, Rural Development/Housing Preservation
Grant
DONOR TYPE:  Other

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2016


                              78 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                               May 7, 2007 Monday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

KEEPING FAITH IN THE HOME. Inspired by their pastor, couple saved and sacrificed
their way to ownership

BYLINE: BY LORE CROGHAN DAILY NEWS BUSINESS WRITER

SECTION: YOUR MONEY; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 804 words


The pastor preached the importance of home ownership. Kevin and Patricia Walton
took his message to heart. And then a church member passed on a piece of advice
that made buying a home affordable for the Staten Island couple.

"Take the course at the housing counseling agency," she told them. "It's free,
and it gets you grant money."

The Waltons spent three years shaping up their finances. Now they and their four
kids are settling into a two-story, single-family house off DeHart Ave. in
Mariners Harbor - a house of their very own.

"If you really sacrifice, you can do it," said Patricia, 33, over tea in her
newly renovated kitchen.

She earns $12,000 a year as a part-time teacher's aide at Port Richmond Day
Nursery. Kevin, 39, makes $30,000 as a custodial supervisor at the College of
Staten Island, where he oversees a team of seven workers.

Before owning a home could even be a realistic thought, the Waltons had to
confront money troubles from the past: Kevin had two court judgments against him
for $7,200 for unpaid credit card bills.

Month by month, they paid off the debt, and cut out such items as cable TV.
Kevin stopped buying lunch at work. They quit going to movies - it cost $60
every time the family went. They rented a house from Patricia's mom for $1,000 a
month. Before that, they lived in Mariners Harbor public housing project.

The couple also took first-time home-buyer classes at a Staten Island nonprofit,
Northfield Community Local Development Corp., in 2005. That and their income
level entitled them to a certificate qualifying them for a city Housing
Preservation and Development Department grant for their closing costs. (For more
info, check nyc.gov/hpd, click on homebuyers and then down payment assistance.)

The certificate was good for a year, but time ran out before they were ready to
buy a house; they were still paying off credit card debt.

"I was the king of credit," Kevin explained. In the past, he had plastic from
American Express, Visa, Discover, J.C. Penney, Sears - even a Kay Jewelers card
he'd used to buy Patricia's wedding ring 13 years ago. Now, he uses just one
card, sparingly.

While they prepped for their purchase, the Waltons often heard encouraging words
from the pulpit at Victory Church in Jesus Christ World Outreach Center in Port
Richmond.

Their pastor, Bishop Joseph Ricks, explained that he advocates home ownership
because "the Bible instructs us that a good man leaves an inheritance for his
children's children."

Of the 25 couples who are members of the nondenominational Christian church, 12
have become first-time homeowners in recent years - including the pastor and his
wife, Melisa.

"You've got to practice what you preach," Bishop Ricks said.

Kevin took Northfield's home-buyer course a second time, and qualified again
last spring for the city grant. In the summer, he and Patricia started
house-hunting with a price limit of $300,000.

They searched all over the north shore of Staten Island, where Kevin was born
and brought up, and Trinidad-born Patricia had moved at age 11. Even their
romance had a Staten Island flair - they met on the ferry to Manhattan.

As they searched, and searched, "We saw so many houses I was getting sick of
looking," Patricia said.

The house they liked best turned out to be just three and half blocks away. That
meant their commutes wouldn't change and their kids could stay at their school,
Public School 44.

While they made only a $100 down payment for the $270,000 house, they used their
$16,700 city grant for closing costs. The Waltons got a 30-year mortgage from
HSBC with a fixed interest rate of 6.5% and payments of $2,088 a month.

Despite their careful planning, their January closing was a cliffhanger.

They found out on a Monday evening that it was scheduled for Wednesday. They
couldn't contact the Housing Preservation and Development Department until
Tuesday, just 24 hours in advance. The agency typically requires 48 hours'
notice to transfer grant money.

When the closing started, the money hadn't arrived. But officials pulled some
strings and the money came through, making the Waltons homeowners.

Their children - Kevin, 10; Glory, 8; Isaiah, 7, and Aaron, 6 - now sleep in the
two upstairs bedrooms. Kevin and Patricia considered putting their bedroom in
the finished basement, but opted for the first floor.

"We need to be able to hear the kids," Kevin explained. The basement has become
the family's living room and dining room.

Fresh from their success, the Waltons have spread the word about Northfield's
home-buyer classes, prompting a colleague of Kevin's, a co-worker of Patricia's
and a member of their church to sign up.

"When you're a first-time home-buyer, there's so much you don't know," Patricia
said. "Once you get exposed to the information, you realize there's a lot to
learn."

lcroghan@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A city grant helped Patricia and Kevin Walton buy a house in Mariners
Harbor, S.I., with room to raise their four kids. Photos by Nicholas Fevelo

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Daily News, L.P.


                              79 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            February 16, 2004 Monday

POL HIJACKED OUR FED HOUSING $$: TENANTS

BYLINE: TOM TOPOUSIS

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 520 words


After living through one of the worst real-estate scandals in recent decades,
tenants in 15 Brooklyn apartment buildings are blaming a powerful state lawmaker
for trying to hijack a federally funded program to repair their dilapidated
homes.

The outcry has prompted U.S. Rep. Nydia Velazquez to request a federal probe
into the selection of housing groups to repair and operate Bushwick buildings
plundered during a real-estate scam so notorious that it inspired an episode of
"The Sopranos."

Velazquez is fuming that the Ridgewood-Bushwick Senior Citizens Council, founded
by Assemblyman Vito Lopez and run by his girlfriend, city Planning Commissioner
Angela Battaglia, was foisted on tenants over their objections.

The tenants chose as their developer a Manhattan-based group called the Urban
Homesteading Assistance Board. But city officials decided to pair that firm with
Lopez's organization, as a co-developer.

"My suspicion is that Ridgewood-Bushwick is delaying the whole process to see to
it that some of the tenants are gone because [the residents] are using another
community organization," Velazquez said.

In a letter last month to the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development's
inspector general, Velazquez questioned whether the city sidestepped federal
rules in order to give additional projects to Ridgewood-Bushwick.

Tenants in the 15 buildings had filed petitions with the city's Department of
Housing, Preservation and Development to convert their homes into low-income
cooperatives, under rules set out by the federal government.

And they were determined to use the Manhattan group.

"We don't want Ridgewood-Bushwick involved because all those years that we
struggled, they didn't do anything to help us," said Frank Cardova, who moved
into his Jefferson Avenue apartment in 1999.

Cardova's building was one of 593 across the city that were sold at vastly
inflated prices to little-known not-for-profits bankrolled with federal grants.
The not-for-profits allegedly kicked back some of the sale price and abandoned
the buildings.

Ann Marie Hendrickson, an assistant commissioner at the city's Department of
Housing, Preservation and Development, defended the decision to give
Ridgewood-Bushwick a role in the rehabilitation program, despite protests from
tenants. "Both groups bring different kinds of strength to the project. The
combination of the two will bring success in the end," said Hendrickson.

Sam Schaeffer, a spokesman for Lopez, declined comment on the charges by tenants
and Velazquez. But he defended Ridgewood-Bushwick's role in the redevelopment
because of the agency's roots in the community.

----

Bushwick battle

* Speculators in the late 1990s fleeced Washington for $70 million to buy and
abandon 593 buildings citywide.

* Repair cost is pegged at $130 million citywide, paid for by the feds.

* In Bushwick, a nonprofit group run by Assemblyman Vito Lopez wrested control
of the rehabilitation of 15 buildings into low-income co-op apartments over the
objection of tenants.

* Lopez's group also won the rights to redevelop another 48 buildings as rental
housing.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: -Rep. Nydia Velazquez: Wants investigation. -Assemblyman Vito Lopez:
Under fire. -Rep. Nydia Velazquez: Wants investigation.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   May 5, 2000, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Residential Real Estate;
Harlem to Add 8 Rental Buildings in City Program

BYLINE: By RACHELLE GARBARINE

SECTION: Section B; Page 10; Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 925 words


Eight vacant or partly occupied city-owned lots in Harlem are to be filled over
the next two and half years with 726 mixed-income rental apartments under a new
city program.

The studio to three-bedroom units will be in 4- to 11-story buildings at cross
streets along Frederick Douglass Boulevard, Fifth, First and Bradhurst Avenues.
Spread among the buildings will also be 104,000 square feet of space for
professional offices, stores and community uses, including an annex for a
charter school. While the plans for these buildings still must undergo review
and could be modified, construction is expected to start in the summer of 2001,
city housing officials said.

Most of the apartments are to be rented with income limits to tenants who may
make up to $140,500 a year, depending on family size. Some units are to be
leased at market rents.

The projects are part of the Cornerstone Program, started by New York City's
Department of Housing Preservation and Development last October to spur
mixed-income housing in areas where the city has made substantial investments
and private market forces have taken hold. Initially, the program will focus on
Harlem, "where the strength of the private market is most evident," said Richard
T. Roberts, the commissioner of the housing department.

"The program is intended to send a clear signal that we want to focus on housing
that relies more on private financing and less on public subsidies," he said. Of
the $145 million being invested in the initial projects, $11.7 million is in
direct public subsidy, he said.

The city is selling the first eight sites for $1 each to developers, whose
proposals were selected last month from 44 others. In turn, the developers
"dictated what was viable to develop on the sites" and chose from several
existing public financing sources, Mr. Roberts said.

While many civic and political leaders in Harlem have welcomed the new housing,
there are concerns. One is the lack of opportunities for home ownership; another
is that few Harlem-based development groups were selected to build the projects.

The developers were chosen on the strength of their proposals, development
records and access to "the equity to successfully develop the projects," Mr.
Roberts said.

Five of the initial eight projects are to receive financing from the New York
City Housing Development Corporation's New Housing Opportunities Program. It
provides developers with bond financing as well as a subsidy in the form of a
second loan at an interest rate of 1 percent for up to $40,000 per unit.

Depending on family size, the tenant's annual income may not exceed seven or
eight times the monthly rents, or 250 percent of the median city income, or
$140,500, whichever is less. Tenants are expected typically to earn $40,000 to
$90,000 a year. Maximum monthly rents are to range from $850 for a studio to
$1,750 for a three-bedroom unit.

Among the projects is a 64-unit, 6-story apartment building at the southwest
corner of Frederick Douglass Boulevard and West 117th Street. The $15 million
project will include a 31,500-square-foot annex for the John A. Reisenbach
Charter School as well as 5,300 square feet of stores. It will be developed
using $1.9 million in bond financing from the city's Housing Development
Corporation and $1 million from the borough president's office. The developer is
a joint venture of TNS Development Group of Mount Vernon and Lemle & Wolff of
the Bronx.

"Harlem is an active market where rents are rising," said Steven M. Judelson,
vice president of TNS. "But today, the rental income is still not enough to
cover the cost of developing and owning the project."

He said the partners would invest $2.2 million of their own money into the
project and secure the rest from private sources. Rents for the one- to
three-bedroom apartments are expected to be $850 to $1,250 a month.

The partners, using $1.2 million in private financing, will also redevelop a
smaller site, about 200 feet east of their corner site, into three four-story
three-family homes.

The other middle-income projects are a 145-apartment building on the west side
of Fifth Avenue between 138th and 139th Streets; a 144-unit structure on the
west side of First Avenue between 102nd and 103rd Streets; a 98-unit building on
the northeast corner of Douglass Boulevard and West 117th Street; and a 41-unit
on the south side of 117th Street between Douglass Boulevard and St. Nicholas
Avenue.

The final two developments, both on Bradhurst Avenue, are proposed as so-called
80-20 projects. With such projects, the state or the city issues tax-exempt
bonds to provide financing to builders, who in return keep 20 percent of the
rentals affordable to low-income tenants. The remaining units are leased at
market rents.

Those projects -- one with 153 apartments in an 11-story, $35 million building,
the other with 60 units in a 5-story $16 million structure -- are to rise on the
northeast corner and southwest corner respectively of Bradhurst Avenue and West
145th Street. The developer is a partnership between the Richman Group, based in
Elmsford, N.Y., and the Gotham Organization of Manhattan.

Plans call for each of the buildings to have one- to three-bedroom apartments,
with 608 to 1,200 square feet. The affordable units will be for tenants with
annual incomes of up to $32,600, depending on family size. Monthly rents for the
market-rate apartments are expected to be $1,200 to $2,700 a month, said Pam
King, assistant vice president of the Richman Group.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: A rendering of a 64-unit apartment building that is planned at
the southwest corner of Frederick Douglass Boulevard and 117th Street. (Larsen
Shein Ginsberg and Magnussen)

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              81 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 March 21, 1988

Task Force Foresees Funded Housing Loss

SECTION: Pg. 32

LENGTH: 263 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The lack of affordable housing for low and moderate income households of the
United States is an increasingly serious problem according to a report issued by
the National Housing Preservation Task Force.

The study says the future of the approximately two million of privately-owned
housing units built or rehabilitated with government subsidy is unclear because
of the expiration of rent subsidy contracts, aging physical plants and the
absence of future financial incentives for owners to operate within assistance
programs.

The task force cites the Federal government's failure to provide adequate and
continuous funding for housing and the effects of tax reform as inimical to the
interest of funded housing.

The need for a consistent and ongoing funding is important because, according to
the study, 86% of the 2.2 million renters with incomes below $ 3,000 per year
paid more than 60% of their income for rent, the number of low income households
rose far in excess of the supply and the waiting list for funded housing is
long.

The report sees the potential of mortgage prepayment, expiring subsidies and the
physical condition of the housing as threats to the intent of the funded housing
system.

"By the year 2000, the reduction could exceed 1.8 million units," concludes the
report.

To alleviate the crunch, the Task Force study suggests incentives to induce
owners to retain their projects' low and middle income character, long-term
renewal of project-based rent subsidy contracts and low-interest loans for
repairs to prevent further degradation.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 National Thrift News, Inc.


                              82 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 June 29, 1987

Low-Income Housing Commission Formed

SECTION: STATE FINANCINGS; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 206 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


With the support of Congressional housing subcommittees and under the
sponsorship of the National Corporation for Housing Partnerships, a new
commission dedicated to the preservation of low-income housing has been formed.

The new commission, called the National Low-Income Housing Preservation
Commission, will seek to examine two million units of privately owned and
publicly assisted rental housing and determine the number of endangered units,
the possible means of saving the units for low-income people and will make
recommendations on how to pay for the proposed solutions.

The spark for the creation of the new commission was a recent survey that found
that the need for housing for low-income people is steadily growing at the same
time that a large part of the nation's privately owned and publicly assisted
rental housing units -- which now number about two million -- is in danger of
becoming unavailable for low-income housing over the next 10 years, due to the
loss of Federal subsidies.

The commission will be co-chaired by Carla A. Hills, a former secretary of the
Department of Housing and Urban Development and Henry S. Reuss, former chairman
of the House Committee on Banking, Finance and Urban Affairs.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 National Thrift News, Inc.


                              83 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            August 15, 1995, Tuesday

HOPE FOR HOMEBUYERS 1M FED GRANT TO AID LOW-INCOME FAMILIES

BYLINE: By PETE DONOHUE

SECTION: Suburban; Pg.  3

LENGTH: 450 words


A nearly $ 1 million federal grant will help 29 low-income New York City
families -- including several in Queens -- buy their first homes.

The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development grant will be used to
renovate vacant city-owned houses and sell them at affordable prices, officials
said yesterday.

Funds also will be used to defray closing costs for eligible families, and
provide home ownership counseling and other services, officials said.

"Home ownership remains only a dream for too many families who work hard and
play by the rules, but these grants will enable some of these low-income
families to realize that dream and become first-time homebuyers," said Jose
Cintron, a HUD official.

HUD awarded the Homeownership Opportunity for People Everywhere (HOPE 3) grant
jointly to the city Housing Preservation and Development Department and
Neighborhood Housing Services of New York Inc., a nonprofit housing agency.

HPD has not yet identified the one and two-family houses that will be renovated
for sale, but some will be in Jamaica, according to Susan Ponce de Leon, who
oversees HPD's Small Buildings Rehabilitation Program. Jamaica has a large
supply of houses seized by the city for failure to pay taxes, Ponce de Leon
said.

HPD Commissioner Deborah Wright said the federal funds provide a boost to
efforts to sell the approximately 700 one to four-family houses HPD has acquired
through foreclosure houses that are off the tax rolls. The program also will
help revitalize neighborhoods within vacant homes and rental properties.

"Everything we know about neighborhoods and housing suggests that property
owners have a real stake in their community not just surviving but prospering,"
Wright said.

The structures selected for the grant will be gutted and receive new plumbing,
electrical systems and other renovations.

Eligible applicants must be seeking to purchase their first home, live in New
York City and prove they are credit-worthy, HPD said.

"We want to make sure people are able to afford and enjoy these homes, not
become straddled with debt they can't pay," HPD spokeswoman Mara Neville said.

Applicants cannot earn more than 80% of the median income for the metropolitan
area. A family of four, for example, can make no more than $ 39,200, HPD said.

HPD expects the average price for a house to be about $ 90,000, Ponce de Leon
said.  This marks the second time HPD and NHS have received a HOPE 3 grant. In
1992, HUD awarded the duo more than $ 2 million to rehabilitate and sell 54
houses in Brooklyn, Queens and Staten Island.

Of that batch, 39 houses have been renovated and 35 have been sold, HPD
officials said.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1995 Daily News, L.P.


                              84 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             December 23, 1987, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

New York City Seeks To Raze a Landmark

BYLINE: By DAVID W. DUNLAP

SECTION: Section B; Page 1, Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 773 words


New York City's housing agency is seeking to demolish a century-old Brooklyn
apartment building that is under the protection of the City Landmarks
Preservation Commission.

The landmarks panel did not sanction a proposal for the demolition yesterday, as
housing officials hoped it would. Instead, the commission sought a month to
learn if there were any way to save the building, the Vendome, at 363 Grand
Avenue, in the Clinton Hill Historic District.

A deputy commissioner of the Housing Preservation and Development Department
said there was no economic alternative to razing the Vendome - and, for safety's
sake, as soon as possible. Neighbors urged rehabilitation of the abandoned,
burned-out, city-owned building.

''I don't want to mislead you that some miracle is going to happen,'' the deputy
commissioner, Mark A. Willis, told the landmarks panel. ''I don't see any other
option but demolition.''

What is needed in the way of miracles would be a preservation grant, amounting
to about $700,000, that would make it economical for the city and its private
partners to renovate the Vendome as affordable housing for middle-income
families. As it is now, Mr. Willis said, ''there is no way to make the economics
work.''

Approval Not Required

Barring the possibility of such an eleventh-hour rescue, however, the housing
department could raze the Vendome without approval from the landmarks
commission, even before the panel meets again to consider the matter on Jan. 26.
Unlike private landlords, city agencies are not bound by landmarks commission
rulings.

The six-story Vendome, on the corner of Grand and Gates Avenues, is described by
the landmarks commission as a ''distinctive Romanesque Revival-Queen Anne''
building, notable for a steep mansard roof, a variety of dormers, terra-cotta
panels, a richly detailed cornice and a plaque with the building's name.

It has been abandoned for years, was taken by the city for failure to pay taxes
and suffered a serious fire in 1980. It would be demolished not to make way
immediately for a new building on its site but to enhance development of
adjacent parcels.

That development is being undertaken by the city, the nonprofit New York City
Partnership and Stephen B. Jacobs & Associates, architects and builders. It is
composed of 20 duplex row houses on Grand Avenue and four on Gates Avenue, a
total of 48 condominium units.

Concern About Marketing

A vice president of the partnership, Kathryn Wilde, told the commission, ''It is
not feasible to do the contiguous properties for the investors - essentially,
the banks - without knowing what the disposition of the Vendome is going to
be.''

Stephen B. Jacobs said a short time later that the lender, the Chase Manhattan
Bank, would go forward ''if I want to go forward.'' But, he said, ''I don't want
to be in a position, when I market these buildings, of having the Vendome
sitting there in the condition it's in today.''

Mr. Jacobs, Mr. Willis and Ms. Wilde all said they had reached the decision to
raze the Vendome reluctantly. Mr. Jacobs, who is experienced in renovating
historic properties, went so far as to call the building ''unique'' and
''brilliant.''

''I would just like to state for the record that I'm not in the business of
tearing down buildings,'' Mr. Jacobs said.

A member of the Society for the Preservation of Clinton Hill, Ralph Walter, said
that his group ''has long been a supporter of Mr. Jacobs and has cheered his
successes.''

Angry Exchanges

''I understand that it would not be feasible for him to renovate the Vendome,''
Mr. Walter said. ''But it would only be fair to allow other developers to see
whether it would be economically feasible for them. There's a steam-roller
effort to push this through because a construction loan has to close. It should
not steamroll this building down.''

By the end of the two-hour session, which was punctuated with some shouted
outbursts and angry exchanges, members of the landmarks commission seemed
inclined to agree that at least one month more was warranted to study the issue.

''I hate to be part of the bureaucratic process that holds up housing,'' David
F. M. Todd said. ''But our first obligation is as landmarks commissioners. What
I see is the need to do work fast -very fast.''

Another commission member, Anthony M. Tung, also pointed out that the engineer's
report on the Vendome had not been available until Monday.

''The public can't very well offer meaningful discourse if it can't speak to an
application,'' Mr. Tung said. ''And they can't do that if the application is not
complete until the night before.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos of The Vendome, an apartment building; inscription of building's
name (NYT/William E. Sauro)

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                              85 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                October 6, 1997

Partnership Restores Vacant Buildings

BYLINE: BY GLENN J. KALINOSKI

SECTION: AFFORDABLE HOUSING; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 346 words

DATELINE: New York


A partnership between the city's Department of Housing Preservation and
Development and Neighborhood Housing Services of New York City Inc. has resulted
in the restoration of 28 vacant, city-owned properties.

The organizations received a grant under the Department of Housing and Urban
Development's HOPE 3 program to purchase and rehabilitate the one- and
two-family homes, which will be sold to first-time homebuyers carning up to 80%
of the city's median income.  North central Brooklyn is the location of 15 of
the homes while the Queens neighborhood of South Jamaica has nine with four
located in the South Bronx.

Sales prices range from $ 65,000 to $ 130,000.  Borrowers will receive
prepurchase counseling on buying and owning a home.

More than 2,500 requests for applications were received for the lottery that was
held for the homes.

"The impact is greater than the actual number of homes being developed because
it is a scattered-site project and many of these homes are located on blocks
where they are the only abandoned property," said David Beer, who is NHS'
director of housing development.  "So a gap-tooth effect is eliminated on the
block and you have a new owner-occupant on the block who has a stake in the
neighborhood.  It's 28 residential blocks that have gotten a real shot in the
arm with this program."

NHS, which is a nonprofit community revitalization organization, received $ 2.6
million from HUD and HPD while European American Bank provided $ 2.7 million for
construction financing.

EAB will also provide 30-year, fixedrate mortgages through its Neighborhood
Mortgage Program.

The average cost of renovation is $ 130,000 per unit, but subsidies result in a
lower purchase price.  Construction began during the spring and 12 homes have
been completed.  The remaining 16 houses are expected to be ready for occupancy
next month.

The developer, NHS Housing Development Fund Corporation, is a subsidiary of NHS.
Interior and exterior renovations have been completed, including new windows,
electrical and plumbing systems and siding.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Pictures 1 and 2, One of the 28 restored homes in New York City is at
121-32 Grayson St. in Queens, which was photographed both before and after it
was renovated; Picture 3, The new owner of the renovated home Jennifer Williams
participated in a recent ribbon cutting ceremony along with the city's
Department of Housing Preservation and Development commissioner Richard Roberts
and Francine Justa, who is the executive director of Neighborhood Housing
Services of New York City Inc.

                         Copyright 1997 Faulkner & Gray


                              86 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            November 29, 2002 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Residential Real Estate;
With Change in Plans, Apartments Now Rise

BYLINE:  By EDWIN McDOWELL

SECTION: Section B; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 694 words


A 77-unit apartment building now rising in Harlem is on a different schedule
than its developers had originally expected, and it is a co-op rather than the
rental they had planned.

When the Richman Group and the Gotham Organization formed a joint venture in
1999 to build residential projects on city-owned land, the city awarded the
partners two sites in Harlem. The site they decided to develop first was at
145th Street between Edgecombe and Bradhurst Avenues, opposite Jackie Robinson
Park. They then applied for a $3.2 million grant from the Manhattan borough
president's capital budget.

Such requests are usually granted when the purpose is to lower the cost of
construction and when the grant money is likely to make apartments or houses
more affordable. But the Richman-Gotham request was turned down because during
the spring of last year there was not enough money available in the capital
budget of C. Virginia Fields, the Manhattan borough president. So the developers
put both projects on hold.

Now, however, the Hamilton, an eight-story building, is under construction by
Richman-Gotham, and is expected to be completed by next spring. The buyers for
all but one of its 77 apartments (one will be reserved for the on-site
superintendent) will be selected in a lottery.

Why the turnabout? In March, Ms. Fields unexpectedly discovered money in her
capital budget that had been allocated for other developments, one of which fell
through.

Lee Chong, the director of the land use, housing and development unit in Ms.
Fields's office, offered the developers $1.3 million -- on condition that they
build co-ops instead of rental units. That condition grew out of Ms. Fields's
longtime advocacy of homeownership in New York, Ms. Chong said.

"When the developers ran the numbers," she added, "they decided it made sense
financially and from a community viewpoint."

In addition, Citibank provided a $14.8 million construction loan, the city's
Department of Housing Preservation and Development provided the land and the New
York City Housing Development Corporation is making $6.1 million available for
construction and permanent loan financing.

The building will have one-, two- and three-bedroom apartments. Seven will be
penthouses, five with wraparound terraces, ranging in size from 635 square feet
to 1,190 square feet. The apartments will sell for $128,000 to $303,000.

To qualify, households must have incomes of $52,000 to $157,000, assuming a 5
percent down payment. The prices and income ranges are estimated and subject to
change.

All apartments will have stainless-steel sinks and refrigerators, dishwashers,
gas ranges and microwaves; wood parquet floors; an audio/video intercom and
security system; floor-to-ceiling windows; and wiring for high-speed Internet
access and cable service. The building will also have indoor parking, a 24-hour
attended lobby, a package room in the lobby for pickup and delivery, a fitness
center and a landscaped private courtyard. The building architect is Greenberg
Farrow Architecture in Manhattan.

The Hamilton will also have at least two retail tenants. Duane Reade has already
signed a lease, and an unidentified retailer is expected to move in when the
building is ready for occupancy.

The Department of Housing Preservation and Development will oversee the lottery
through which the Hamilton's co-ops will be sold.

Preference will be given to New York City residents, and to current residents of
Community District 9, where the Hamilton is located. Five percent of the
apartments will be reserved for uniformed New York City police officers, another
5 percent will be for households that have members with impaired mobility, and 2
percent will be for occupants with impaired sight or hearing.

Applications can be obtained at the Web site www.thehamiltonnyc.com, or from the
Hamilton, 163 Amsterdam Avenue, No. 181, New York, N.Y. 10023. Completed
applications must be postmarked by Dec. 17. Applications received after that
date will be placed on a waiting list; once the lottery applications are
exhausted those on the waiting list will be offered the opportunity to buy a
co-op on a first-come-first-served basis.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: The Hamilton apartment building, being constructed on 145th
Street between Edgecombe and Bradhurst Avenues in Harlem, will contain 77 co-op
units. (G. Paul Burnett/The New York Times)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                              87 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 August 27, 1995, Sunday, Late Edition - Final
                              Correction Appended

NEIGHBORHOOD REPORT: WOODSIDE;
A Fee Grows In Queens: Fury at the Big 6

BYLINE: By JANE H. LII

SECTION: Section 13;  Page 10;  Column 5;  The City Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 469 words


Margaret Mack, 68, a retired secretary, thought she had heard the worst when she
and other shareholders of the Big Six Towers learned in March that their
cooperative housing complex was $20 million in debt after a decade of
mismanagement, bad investments and possible fraud.

But earlier this month, she found a note under her door saying that the co-op
board planned to ask the city for a 25 percent increase in the maintenance. If
the proposal is approved by the city, Ms. Mack, whose current maintenance fee is
$327.17 a month for a one-bedroom apartment and a terrace, would be paying more
than $400.

"I was so mad," Ms. Mack said. "How could they do it to me? I worked for a
Catholic school and have very little pension."

Last Monday, in the sweltering heat, Ms. Mack and some 200 angry shareholders
marched to demand that management postpone a meeting with the city's Department
of Housing Preservation and Development, which oversees operations of Big Six
Towers, a publicly subsidized complex for moderate- and middle-income New
Yorkers.

The clash was the latest between the committee and the co-op board over how best
to resolve the crisis. The complex, which has 975 apartments and 4,000
residents, has been in turmoil since March, when the co-op board discovered the
financial irregularities.

The board has filed civil suits in Federal court against a former manager,
Richard Stone, and past board members, Roland Solomon and Paul Goldstein, and
others, accusing them of mismanagement and fraud. City and state investigators
are also trying to determine if they diverted Big Six's money into unrelated
projects in return for kickbacks.

Mr. Solomon's lawyer, Louis Venezia, said that his client had worked hard for
the co-op as a director for 25 years, and that he had never committed fraud. Mr.
Goldstein and Mr. Stone could not be reached.

Ms. Jacobowitz's committee wants to elect a new board and to have the Department
of Housing Preservation and Development bail out the co-op. But the board says
it is best if it stays, to aid the investigations, and it wants tenants to raise
enough money to keep daily operations going while a solution is sought.

"With the money we are taking in now, there is not enough money to keep the
daily operations going," said Margaret DiBari, the board's president.

The board last raised maintenance by 18.5 percent in 1993, and before that there
had been no increase for about a decade, Ms. DiBari said. The complex is
operating at a deficit of $100,000 a month, she said.

Mara Neville, a spokeswoman for the city's housing department, said it had
postponed the hearing on the proposed increase, scheduled for last Thursday, at
the board's request, and would review the Big Six's financial records before
ruling on an increase.   JANE H. LII

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: September 3, 1995, Sunday

CORRECTION:

An article in the Neighborhood Report last Sunday about financial problems at
the Big Six Towers, a cooperative housing complex in Woodside, Queens, omitted
the name of a group of resident shareholders who are challenging the co-op
board's request for a 25 percent increase in maintenance fees. It is the
Cooperative Council of Big Six Towers. The article also omitted the first name
of a leader of the group. She is Maxine Jacobowitz.


GRAPHIC: Photo: Angry residents at a protest. (Frances Roberts for The New York
Times)

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              88 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              June 11, 2006 Sunday
                              Correction Appended
                              Late Edition - Final

Who Wants to Become A Working-Class Designer?

BYLINE: By JANNY SCOTT

SECTION: Section 1; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 41

LENGTH: 789 words


In an effort to bring better design to working-class housing, the Bloomberg
administration and an architects' group are to announce today a competition to
pick an architect and a developer to build an apartment complex on vacant
city-owned land in the South Bronx.

Sponsored by the city's Department of Housing Preservation and Development and
the New York chapter of the American Institute of Architects, the competition is
said to be the first of its kind in the city. It is intended to produce a
building that is innovative in its design, environmentally friendly, financially
viable and replicable by others.

The criteria to be used by the jury of architects, developers and city officials
that will select the winning plan will put a premium on design quality,
affordability and factors like energy efficiency and the use of renewable
resources. Then the city will give the winning team the site, a
40,000-square-foot former railyard, for about a dollar a lot for the two lots
involved.

''We want to create an exemplary model that could not just put in place the best
standards of design being used elsewhere but could actually create new standards
for design going forward,'' said Shaun Donovan, commissioner of the New York
City Department of Housing Preservation and Development, who was himself trained
as an architect.

The city condemned the site, at Brook Avenue and East 156th Street, in an urban
renewal program in 1972. It is among the last remaining large tracts of vacant
city-owned land.

An abandoned rail line runs through it; the soil and groundwater may be
contaminated. It is northeast of the Hub, the third largest shopping district in
the Bronx and a neighborhood that is reviving after decades in decline.

The building is to include as many as 150 apartments on the upper floors with
commercial and community facilities at ground level. The aim is to produce
apartments for people with a range of incomes, from low-income units to those at
market rate. The architect-developer teams are encouraged to propose a mix of
public subsidy programs and private financing.

Karen Kubey, another architect and co-chairwoman of the steering committee of
New Housing New York, the group that organized the competition, said, ''We're
saying that good design shouldn't be just for rich people but for everyone. What
can we do to make design affordable and sustainable?''

Architects said proposals could include design elements like open staircases
that encourage residents to climb rather than ride elevators; ''green'' features
like photovoltaic electrical generation and bamboo floors instead of hardwood,
and the use of paints and carpeting that do not contribute to indoor air
pollution.

As for the price, Mr. Donovan said good design ''doesn't necessarily mean higher
costs.''

Mark Ginsberg, an architect on the steering committee, said that even if a
building ended up costing a little more than it would have otherwise, its
''lifetime energy cost'' -- the cost to operate the building -- might be less.

Juried design competitions are not uncommon for museums and other cultural
institutions; and architects like Le Corbusier informed early visions of public
housing. But the practice of hiring visionary designers for low-income housing,
architects say, fell out of favor in the United States as public housing
projects came to be seen as a failure.

In 2004, the New York City Council, the local American Institute of Architects
chapter and the City University of New York sponsored a competition to elicit
ideas for quality low- and moderate-income housing. That competition produced
ideas but no buildings. The new competition is intended to produce a building
that might serve as a prototype.

The initiative comes at a time when the city is facing a shortage of low- and
moderate-income housing. The population is growing, land is scarce and real
estate values remain high. As a result, Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg has vowed to
create or preserve 165,000 low- and moderate-income units by 2013.

''A design competition is often a question of picking the best and the
brightest, not just the low bidder,'' said Fredric Bell, executive director of
the New York chapter of the American Institute of Architects and a former
official in the city's Department of Design and Construction. ''The mechanisms
by which architects are selected by competition can generate some very exciting
ideas.''

The competition will include two parts. First, teams of architects, developers
and contractors will submit their qualifications. Then the 10-member jury will
chose half a dozen teams, each of which will receive a stipend to help cover the
cost of preparing a full proposal. The jury is to select the winner this fall.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: June 12, 2006



CORRECTION: Because of an editing error, an article yesterday about a
competition to design a working-class apartment development in the South Bronx
incorrectly stated the date the competition would be announced. It is today, not
yesterday.

GRAPHIC: Map of Bronx, N.Y. highlighting Melrose: Apartments are to be built on
a site that was condemned in 1972.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              89 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                February 23, 1997, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

NEIGHBORHOOD REPORT: LOWER EAST SIDE;
Arts Group Wins Eviction Battle

BYLINE: By ANDREW JACOBS

SECTION: Section 13; Page 8; Column 6; The City Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 346 words


ABC No Rio, the brash arts center that for three years has been battling
eviction from its city-owned building, received an unexpected reprieve recently
from the Department of Housing Preservation and Development.

After a raucous sit-in at the agency's headquarters on Feb. 5, startled
protesters were invited by the outgoing commissioner, Lilliam Barrios-Paoli, to
a meeting at which she agreed to drop eviction proceedings.

As part of the tentative agreement, a half-dozen squatters living in the
ramshackle building at 156 Rivington Street will leave to allow the center to
renovate and expand. Ms. Barrios-Paoli also said ABC No Rio must come up with a
financial plan to refurbish the building and raise at least $100,000 for the
project.

"If they can prove that they're capable of raising a substantial amount of
money, I will give them the building for $1," she said.

The deal would nullify plans by Asian Americans for Equality, a nonprofit
housing developer in Chinatown, to convert the four-story tenement into
affordable housing.

"We're really shocked," said ABC No Rio's president, Dave Powell. "It just goes
to show you that resistance pays." Other members of the arts center's board plan
to seek loans and grants to pay for renovations.

Born out of anti-gentrification protests in 1980, ABC No Rio quickly became an
avant-garde performance and gallery space renowned for its free-form poetry
readings and ear-splitting punk rock concerts. But since 1994, when the city
stopped accepting its rent checks, ABC No Rio has been locked in a struggle for
survival.

Christopher Kui, the Asian group's organization's executive director, said he
was not disappointed by the city's decision. "I can understand the change," he
said.

Ms. Barrios-Paoli, who was recently appointed Commissioner of the city's Human
Resources Administration, said that Asian Americans for Equality was "feeling a
lot of angst to be at odds with another community organization."

She added, "This is one of those rare situations where everyone is happy."
ANDREW JACOBS

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              90 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 10, 1983, Monday, Late City Final Edition

ON HOUSING THE HOMELESS, THE CITY IF FIGHTING AN UPHILL BATTLE

SECTION: Section A; Page 18, Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 623 words


To the Editor:


Those of us in city government responsible for providing emergency services to
displaced families agree with Diane Adler and Peter Bourbeau that tax-foreclosed
city-owned property (

in rem

) is a valuable housing resource for the homeless (letter Sept. 27). In fact,
all their suggestions are already a matter of city policy.

Over the next 18 months the rehabilitation of more than 3,500

in rem

 apartments will begin. For example, since August the Department of Housing
Preservation and Development has been renting all available renovated

in rem

 apartments only to the homeless. Rehabilitated at a rate of 180 units per
month, they will produce over 2,000 apartments for homeless families by the end
of June 1984.

This month the Board of Estimate and the City Council approved the Mayor's $28
million Capital Jobs Program, which includes $20 million to rehabilitate almost
1,100

in rem

 apartments for the homeless. We have also provided funds for S.R.O. and other
uses, and have applied to the state for aid in rehabilitating several hundred
additional units.

However, the writers' allusion to the availability of over 30,000

in rem

 dwelling units overstates the number of apartments that realistically can be
considered for rehabilitation without Federal subsidy or another source for the
enormous sums required.  Until recently H.P.D. was rehabilitating apartments
costing $5,000 or less per unit, but we are quickly running out of buildings
that can be salvaged at that level of investment. It must be remembered that
properties we take in tax-foreclosure were abandoned by their owners, and are
often in very bad condition. If buildings need more than simple paint and
plaster, costs quickly rise well above $5,000 per apartment. We have
rehabilitated the most habitable buildings first, but those selected for the
Capital Jobs Program will average $20,000 per unit. We will eventually reach a
point at which the advantages of rehabilitation no longer outweigh the
advantages of new construction.  Clearly, the use of

in rem

 properties alone will not in itself solve the problem of housing several
thousand families and homeless individuals. In May, the Human Resources
Administration began offering private landlords two months of the emergency
assistance shelter allowance (about $2,400 for a family of four) in exchange for
a guaranteed two-year lease at the established welfare rent allowance maximum
($218 for a family of four).  Although over 120,000 letters announcing this
offer were mailed to private landlords, few positive responses were received. In
August the city received approval from the state to offer landlords four months
of the emergency rate ($4,800 for a family of four) to guarantee a two-year
lease. We hope this increased incentive will open up many private market
apartments for homeless families.

I think these efforts demonstrate that the city has considered the full scope of
the low-income housing situation and all practical solutions. Although we
recognize that hotels do not address the cause of the severe housing shortage -
the virtual elimination of Federal housing programs coupled with the failure of
the welfare rent allowance to keep pace with market rents - they nevertheless
provide an emergency housing resource.

The hotels are unpleasant for the families involved, and expensive for
government. We do not place families in hotels by choice, but only as an
alternative to leaving them homeless. Every reasonable chance to provide
permanent housing - even at considerable expense - is being pursued.

BRENDAN SEXTON Director, Office of Operations Office of the Mayor New York,
Sept. 29, 1983

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER TO THE EDITOR

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              91 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 11, 1995, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

U.S. Awards $100 Million To Assist Homeless

BYLINE: By SHAWN G. KENNEDY

SECTION: Section B;  Page 3;  Column 6;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 535 words


In what Federal officials suggested could be the last big infusion of
homeless-assistance money for years to come, the Government yesterday awarded
New York City $100 million for emergency shelter, permanent housing, drug
treatment and day care.

In making the announcement at City Hall yesterday, Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani
said the grant would be shared by 70 not-for-profit housing and social service
organizations and some city agencies, including the Department of Housing
Preservation and Development.

New York City's portion of the money was by far the largest of the $900 million
that the Department of Housing and Urban Development is awarding to projects for
the homeless in 228 communities across the country and in Puerto Rico and the
Virgin Islands. More than 3,000 communities and organizations competed for the
money.

Mr. Giuliani was joined by Andrew Cuomo, an assistant housing secretary, who
said the money awarded to New York was the largest single grant the Federal
Government has made to help homeless people.

"We have said homelessness is a priority and we want to help communities move
people off our nation's street's to self sufficiency and housing," said Mr.
Cuomo, who before joining the Clinton Administration helped shape the homeless
strategy of former Mayor David N. Dinkins.

Mr. Cuomo said he took pride in the fact that he could make the announcement in
the first place, given the budget-cutting fervor in Washington and the
Republican Party's control of Congress. He noted that a House of Representatives
subcommittee was meeting today and among the items on the agenda was whether his
agency should be disbanded.

He said the money represented a commitment the Cliton Administration made more
than two years ago.

Joan Malin, the Commissioner for the Department of Homeless Serices, who also
joined the Mayor and Mr. Cuomo at City Hall yesterday, said scores of
not-for-profit oganizations, which usually compete with one another for such
grants, formed a coalition to apply for the HUD money as a single entity. "They
put aside their differences," said Ms. Malin, "for the benefit of the city."

Among those that will share in the grant will be Housing Works Inc., the Lower
East Side Services Center, Institute for Community Living, Episcopal Social
Services of New York, Women in Need, the Henry Street Settlement and Project
Renewal.

The Department of Housing Preservation and Development will receive $19 million
to renovate four buildings to create 259 units for single homeless people. The
renovations had been on the drawing board until last year when they were
postponed as part of Mr. Giuliani's efforts to cut the budget.

In 1992, Mr. Cuomo, the son of Gov. Mario M. Cuomo, was appointed by Mayor
Dinkins to head a commission to study the city's growing homeless crisis. Mr.
Cuomo's panel called for a sweeping overhaul of the city's shelter system,
suggesting that homeless people needed more that a cot and three meals a day.

The panel found that more than 80 percent of the homeless men in city shelter's
used drugs or alcohol and suggested that homeless people be required to take
part in drug treatment, psychotherapy and job training.

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              92 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 4, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Sens. Warner, Kaine, Announce Nearly $7 Million to Support
Affordable Housing Development in Virginia

LENGTH: 3516  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Mark R. Warner has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Sens. Mark R. Warner and Tim Kaine (both D-VA) announced today that 18
initiatives led by local financial institutions and non-profits in Virginia will
receive $6.6 million from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta (FHL-Bank
Atlanta)'s Affordable Housing Program (AHP) to support affordable housing
development in Virginia.





 "Affordable housing is one of the bedrocks of economic security and financial
stability for American families," said Sen. Warner. "These funds will provide
valuable resources for existing housing networks in Virginia, which are already
on the ground working to provide individuals with a place to live that is within
their reach. This support will help revitalize local neighborhoods, create jobs,
and encourage economic development within the Commonwealth."



 FHL-Bank Atlanta is one of the 11 regional banks in the Federal Home Loan Bank
System, providing commercial banks, credit unions, savings institutions,
community development financial institutions, and insurance companies within
seven southeastern states, including Virginia, with a reliable source of funding
for affordable home mortgages and community lending. More information on
FHL-Bank-Atlanta can be found here.



 The 18 awardees and programs descriptions are listed below:



 Lindsay Hill: Lorton, VA



 Member: Burke & Herbert Bank & Trust Company. Sponsored by: Community Housing
Partners Corporation. Grant: $275,000 for 55 rental units. Total Development
Cost: $15,077,337.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the adaptive-reuse of five existing
historic buildings within the Spring Hill Senior Community Located in Lorton,
VA. Lindsay Hill will serve seniors age 62 and older and individuals with
disabilities in Fairfax County.



 Washburn Place: Marshall, VA



 Member: Middleburg Bank. Sponsored by: Windy Hill Foundation. Grant: $500,000
for 30 rental units. Total Development Cost: $8,998,123.



 Description: AHP funds will be used in connection with the new construction of
a 30-unit family housing project in Marshall, VA. Rent for the units will be
affordable to households at 40, 50, and 60 percent of the area median income.



 Robinson Park: Harrisonburg, VA



 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Southeastern Housing
Preservation, Inc. Grant: $243,909 for 88 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$11,624,106.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the new construction of 88 units of
affordable rental housing to families earning 50 and 60 percent of the area
median income. Upon completion, Robinson Park will be EarthCraft Platinum
certified.



 The Village at Rockbridge: Lexington, VA



 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Mark-Dana Corporation.
Secondary Sponsor: Virginia United Methodist Housing Development Corporation.
Grant: $325,000 for 64 rental units. Total Development Cost: $4,368,570.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the rehabilitation of a 64 unit
affordable apartment property in Lexington, VA. Rehabilitation will include
replacement of roofing, water fixtures, cabinets, doors, flooring, windows,
appliances, and HVAC units.



 Cavalier Senior Apartments: Petersburg, VA



 Member: Bank of America, National Association. Sponsored by: Humanities
Foundation, Inc. Grant: $471,911 for 80 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$11,686,838.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward a new construction development located in
the City of Petersburg, VA. The development will consist of 80 garden style
apartments for seniors and will be a mix of one and two-bedroom units targeting
residents at 40, 50, and 60 percent of the area median income.



 Jackson Ward Senior: Richmond, VA



 Member: Capital One, National Association. Sponsored by: Community Housing
Inc.. Grant: $500,000 for 72 rental units. Total Development Cost: $13,757,488.



 Description: The Jackson ward Senior building is part of the multiphase
redevelopment of a low income senior public housing site in Richmond, VA. The
new building will contain 72 one bedroom units and will be built to Earth Craft
Platinum standards.



 New Clay House II: Richmond, VA



 Member: Union Bank & Trust. Sponsored by: Virginia Supportive Housing. Grant:
$500,00 for 80 rental units. Total Development Cost: $14,845,886.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the renovation and expansion of an
affordable housing development for formerly homeless individuals in Richmond.
After the renovation and expansion, at least 55 units will be reserved for
formerly homeless individuals and the remaining units will be reserved for
individuals earning at or below 50 percent of the area median income.



 Creekside Manor: Henrico, VA



 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Mark-Dana Corporation.
Secondary Sponsor: Virginia United Methodist Housing Development Corporation.
Grant: $500,000 for 97 rental units. Total Development Cost: $7,448,920.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the rehabilitation of a 97-unit
affordable apartment property in Henrico, VA. Rehabilitation will include
replacement of roofing, water fixtures, cabinets, doors, flooring, windows,
appliances, and HVAC units.



  Village Green: Gloucester, VA



 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Southeastern Housing
Preservation, Inc. Grant: $168,736 for 32 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$3,227,197.



 Description: Village Green consists of the acquisition and rehabilitation of 32
existing multi-family units. Rehabilitation will include new windows, HVAC,
water heaters, appliances, roofs, siding, flooring, and improvements to
accessibility. Upon completion, the property will be EarthCraft certified.



 Cypress Landing: Chesapeake, VA



 Member: TowneBank. Sponsored by: Second Act Communities. Grant: $500,000 for 50
rental units. Total Development Cost: $10,448,624.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the construction of an apartment
development containing 44 one-bedroom units and six two-bedroom units. The
development will serve very low-income disabled and/or homeless veterans.
Thirty-eight units will serve veterans who have incomes at or below 30 percent
of the area median income and the remaining 12 units will serve veterans who
have incomes at or below 50 percent of the area median income.



 King's Arms: Hampton, VA



 Member: The Old Point National Bank of Phoebus. Sponsored by: Hampton
Redevelopment and Housing Authority. Grant: $500,000 for 48 rental units. Total
Development Cost: $9,466,152.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the construction of a 48-unit
affordable senior independent housing development consisting of garden style
apartments. The development will include housing for elderly veterans.



 Ada Park: Newport News, VA



 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Southeastern Housing
Preservation, Inc. Grant: $202,295 for 42 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$7,998,558.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the construction of an affordable
housing development which will provide 42 units of rental housing to families
earning below 65 percent of the area median income.



 Belleville Meadows: Suffolk, VA



 Member: Capital One, National Association. Sponsored by: Community Housing
Partners Corporation. Grant: $300,000 for 128 rental units. Total Development
Cost: $14,322,493.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the rehabilitation of an existing
affordable housing development in Suffolk, VA. Rehabilitation will include new
flooring, roofing, energy efficient windows, kitchen appliances, faucets, and
showerheads.



 Dale Homes Phase I: Portsmouth, VA



 Member: TowneBank. Sponsored by: Portsmouth Redevelopment and Housing
Authority. Grant: $500,000 for 146 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$22,907,475.



 Description: AHP funds will be used in connection with the acquisition and
rehabilitation of an existing 146 unit public housing development known as Dale
Homes Phase I and will be targeted to very low income families in Portsmouth,
VA. The project involves the conversion of public housing units under the Rental
Assistance Demonstration program.



 Dale Homes Phase II: Portsmouth, VA



 Member: TowneBank. Sponsored by: Portsmouth Redevelopment and Housing
Authority. Grant: $500,000 for 150 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$23,494,499.



 Description: AHP funds will be used in connection with the acquisition and
rehabilitation of an existing 150-unit public housing development known as Dale
Homes Phase II, and will be targeted to very low income families in Portsmouth,
VA. The project involves the conversion of public housing units under the Rental
Assistance Demonstration program.



 Homeownership and Hope- Virginia: various sites, VA



 Member: Union Bank & Trust. Sponsored by: Greater Lynchburg Habitat for
Humanity (*). Secondary Sponsors: Habitat for Humanity in the Roanoke Valley and
Farmville Area Habitat for Humanity, Inc. Grant: $199,500 for 20 ownership
units. Total Development Cost: $3,380,305



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the construction and rehabilitation of
single family homes across Virginia. Eleven of the units will be new
construction and nine will be rehabilitation of existing and vacant houses.



 Greater Charlottesville Habitat for Humanity: Charlottesville, VA



 Member: Union Bank & Trust. Sponsored by: Greater Charlottesville Habitat for
Humanity. Grant: $186,200 for 19 ownership units. Total Development Cost:
$3,003,788.



 Description: AHP funds will go for the construction of single family homes in
Charlottesville, Virginia. Habitat for Humanity reserves at least 25 percent of
its homeownership opportunities for residents of public housing or who have with
Charlottesville Redevelopment and Housing Authority Housing Choice vouchers. All
of the proposed new homes are accessible with at least one no-step entryway and
are built to ENERGY STAR® 3 specifications.



 Sun Valley Landings: Dublin and Radford, VA



 Member: Union Bank & Trust. Sponsored by: Community Housing Partners
Corporation. Grant: $246,333 for 42 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$5,326,516.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the acquisition and rehabilitation of a
scattered site development of two properties. Sun Valley Landings will serve low
income households earning at or below 50 percent and 60 percent of the area
median income.







 ###



 WASHINGTON - U.S. Sens. Mark R. Warner and Tim Kaine (both D-VA) announced
today that 18 initiatives led by local financial institutions and non-profits in
Virginia will receive $6.6 million from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta
(FHL-Bank Atlanta)'s Affordable Housing Program (AHP) to support affordable
housing development in Virginia.







 "Affordable housing is one of the bedrocks of economic security and financial
stability for American families," said Sen. Warner. "These funds will provide
valuable resources for existing housing networks in Virginia, which are already
on the ground working to provide individuals with a place to live that is within
their reach. This support will help revitalize local neighborhoods, create jobs,
and encourage economic development within the Commonwealth."







 FHL-Bank Atlanta is one of the 11 regional banks in the Federal Home Loan Bank
System, providing commercial banks, credit unions, savings institutions,
community development financial institutions, and insurance companies within
seven southeastern states, including Virginia, with a reliable source of funding
for affordable home mortgages and community lending. More information on
FHL-Bank-Atlanta can be found here.







 The 18 awardees and programs descriptions are listed below:







 &middot;       Lindsay Hill: Lorton, VA



 Member: Burke & Herbert Bank & Trust Company. Sponsored by: Community Housing
Partners Corporation. Grant: $275,000 for 55 rental units. Total Development
Cost: $15,077,337.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the adaptive-reuse of five existing
historic buildings within the Spring Hill Senior Community Located in Lorton,
VA. Lindsay Hill will serve seniors age 62 and older and individuals with
disabilities in Fairfax County.







 &middot;       Washburn Place: Marshall, VA



 Member: Middleburg Bank. Sponsored by: Windy Hill Foundation. Grant: $500,000
for 30 rental units. Total Development Cost: $8,998,123.



 Description: AHP funds will be used in connection with the new construction of
a 30-unit family housing project in Marshall, VA. Rent for the units will be
affordable to households at 40, 50, and 60 percent of the area median income.







 &middot;       Robinson Park: Harrisonburg, VA



 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Southeastern Housing
Preservation, Inc. Grant: $243,909 for 88 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$11,624,106.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the new construction of 88 units of
affordable rental housing to families earning 50 and 60 percent of the area
median income. Upon completion, Robinson Park will be EarthCraft Platinum
certified.







 &middot;       The Village at Rockbridge: Lexington, VA



 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Mark-Dana Corporation.
Secondary Sponsor: Virginia United Methodist Housing Development Corporation.
Grant: $325,000 for 64 rental units. Total Development Cost: $4,368,570.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the rehabilitation of a 64 unit
affordable apartment property in Lexington, VA. Rehabilitation will include
replacement of roofing, water fixtures, cabinets, doors, flooring, windows,
appliances, and HVAC units.







 &middot;       Cavalier Senior Apartments: Petersburg, VA



 Member: Bank of America, National Association. Sponsored by: Humanities
Foundation, Inc. Grant: $471,911 for 80 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$11,686,838.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward a new construction development located in
the City of Petersburg, VA. The development will consist of 80 garden style
apartments for seniors and will be a mix of one and two-bedroom units targeting
residents at 40, 50, and 60 percent of the area median income.







 &middot;       Jackson Ward Senior: Richmond, VA



 Member: Capital One, National Association. Sponsored by: Community Housing
Inc.. Grant: $500,000 for 72 rental units. Total Development Cost: $13,757,488.



 Description: The Jackson ward Senior building is part of the multiphase
redevelopment of a low income senior public housing site in Richmond, VA. The
new building will contain 72 one bedroom units and will be built to Earth Craft
Platinum standards.







 &middot;       New Clay House II: Richmond, VA



 Member: Union Bank & Trust. Sponsored by: Virginia Supportive Housing. Grant:
$500,00 for 80 rental units. Total Development Cost: $14,845,886.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the renovation and expansion of an
affordable housing development for formerly homeless individuals in Richmond.
After the renovation and expansion, at least 55 units will be reserved for
formerly homeless individuals and the remaining units will be reserved for
individuals earning at or below 50 percent of the area median income.







 &middot;       Creekside Manor: Henrico, VA

 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Mark-Dana Corporation.
Secondary Sponsor: Virginia United Methodist Housing Development Corporation.
Grant: $500,000 for 97 rental units. Total Development Cost: $7,448,920.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the rehabilitation of a 97-unit
affordable apartment property in Henrico, VA. Rehabilitation will include
replacement of roofing, water fixtures, cabinets, doors, flooring, windows,
appliances, and HVAC units.







 &middot;       Village Green: Gloucester, VA



 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Southeastern Housing
Preservation, Inc. Grant: $168,736 for 32 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$3,227,197.



 Description: Village Green consists of the acquisition and rehabilitation of 32
existing multi-family units. Rehabilitation will include new windows, HVAC,
water heaters, appliances, roofs, siding, flooring, and improvements to
accessibility. Upon completion, the property will be EarthCraft certified.







 &middot;       Cypress Landing: Chesapeake, VA



 Member: TowneBank. Sponsored by: Second Act Communities. Grant: $500,000 for 50
rental units. Total Development Cost: $10,448,624.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the construction of an apartment
development containing 44 one-bedroom units and six two-bedroom units. The
development will serve very low-income disabled and/or homeless veterans.
Thirty-eight units will serve veterans who have incomes at or below 30 percent
of the area median income and the remaining 12 units will serve veterans who
have incomes at or below 50 percent of the area median income.



 &middot;       King's Arms: Hampton, VA



 Member: The Old Point National Bank of Phoebus. Sponsored by: Hampton
Redevelopment and Housing Authority. Grant: $500,000 for 48 rental units. Total
Development Cost: $9,466,152.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the construction of a 48-unit
affordable senior independent housing development consisting of garden style
apartments. The development will include housing for elderly veterans.







 &middot;       Ada Park: Newport News, VA



 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Southeastern Housing
Preservation, Inc. Grant: $202,295 for 42 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$7,998,558.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the construction of an affordable
housing development which will provide 42 units of rental housing to families
earning below 65 percent of the area median income.







 &middot;       Belleville Meadows: Suffolk, VA



 Member: Capital One, National Association. Sponsored by: Community Housing
Partners Corporation. Grant: $300,000 for 128 rental units. Total Development
Cost: $14,322,493.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the rehabilitation of an existing
affordable housing development in Suffolk, VA. Rehabilitation will include new
flooring, roofing, energy efficient windows, kitchen appliances, faucets, and
showerheads.







 &middot;       Dale Homes Phase I: Portsmouth, VA



 Member: TowneBank. Sponsored by: Portsmouth Redevelopment and Housing
Authority. Grant: $500,000 for 146 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$22,907,475.



 Description: AHP funds will be used in connection with the acquisition and
rehabilitation of an existing 146 unit public housing development known as Dale
Homes Phase I and will be targeted to very low income families in Portsmouth,
VA. The project involves the conversion of public housing units under the Rental
Assistance Demonstration program.







 &middot;       Dale Homes Phase II: Portsmouth, VA



 Member: TowneBank. Sponsored by: Portsmouth Redevelopment and Housing
Authority. Grant: $500,000 for 150 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$23,494,499.



 Description: AHP funds will be used in connection with the acquisition and
rehabilitation of an existing 150-unit public housing development known as Dale
Homes Phase II, and will be targeted to very low income families in Portsmouth,
VA. The project involves the conversion of public housing units under the Rental
Assistance Demonstration program.







 &middot;       Homeownership and Hope- Virginia: various sites, VA



 Member: Union Bank & Trust. Sponsored by: Greater Lynchburg Habitat for
Humanity (*). Secondary Sponsors: Habitat for Humanity in the Roanoke Valley and
Farmville Area Habitat for Humanity, Inc. Grant: $199,500 for 20 ownership
units. Total Development Cost: $3,380,305



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the construction and rehabilitation of
single family homes across Virginia. Eleven of the units will be new
construction and nine will be rehabilitation of existing and vacant houses.







 &middot;       Greater Charlottesville Habitat for Humanity: Charlottesville,
VA



 Member: Union Bank & Trust. Sponsored by: Greater Charlottesville Habitat for
Humanity. Grant: $186,200 for 19 ownership units. Total Development Cost:
$3,003,788.



 Description: AHP funds will go for the construction of single family homes in
Charlottesville, Virginia. Habitat for Humanity reserves at least 25 percent of
its homeownership opportunities for residents of public housing or who have with
Charlottesville Redevelopment and Housing Authority Housing Choice vouchers. All
of the proposed new homes are accessible with at least one no-step entryway and
are built to ENERGY STAR® 3 specifications.







 &middot;       Sun Valley Landings: Dublin and Radford, VA



 Member: Union Bank & Trust. Sponsored by: Community Housing Partners
Corporation. Grant: $246,333 for 42 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$5,326,516.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the acquisition and rehabilitation of a
scattered site development of two properties. Sun Valley Landings will serve low
income households earning at or below 50 percent and 60 percent of the area
median income.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 4, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Sens. Warner, Kaine, Announce Nearly $7 Million to Support
Affordable Housing Development in Virginia

LENGTH: 3516  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Mark R. Warner has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Sens. Mark R. Warner and Tim Kaine (both D-VA) announced today that 18
initiatives led by local financial institutions and non-profits in Virginia will
receive $6.6 million from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta (FHL-Bank
Atlanta)'s Affordable Housing Program (AHP) to support affordable housing
development in Virginia.





 "Affordable housing is one of the bedrocks of economic security and financial
stability for American families," said Sen. Warner. "These funds will provide
valuable resources for existing housing networks in Virginia, which are already
on the ground working to provide individuals with a place to live that is within
their reach. This support will help revitalize local neighborhoods, create jobs,
and encourage economic development within the Commonwealth."



 FHL-Bank Atlanta is one of the 11 regional banks in the Federal Home Loan Bank
System, providing commercial banks, credit unions, savings institutions,
community development financial institutions, and insurance companies within
seven southeastern states, including Virginia, with a reliable source of funding
for affordable home mortgages and community lending. More information on
FHL-Bank-Atlanta can be found here.



 The 18 awardees and programs descriptions are listed below:



 Lindsay Hill: Lorton, VA



 Member: Burke & Herbert Bank & Trust Company. Sponsored by: Community Housing
Partners Corporation. Grant: $275,000 for 55 rental units. Total Development
Cost: $15,077,337.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the adaptive-reuse of five existing
historic buildings within the Spring Hill Senior Community Located in Lorton,
VA. Lindsay Hill will serve seniors age 62 and older and individuals with
disabilities in Fairfax County.



 Washburn Place: Marshall, VA



 Member: Middleburg Bank. Sponsored by: Windy Hill Foundation. Grant: $500,000
for 30 rental units. Total Development Cost: $8,998,123.



 Description: AHP funds will be used in connection with the new construction of
a 30-unit family housing project in Marshall, VA. Rent for the units will be
affordable to households at 40, 50, and 60 percent of the area median income.



 Robinson Park: Harrisonburg, VA



 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Southeastern Housing
Preservation, Inc. Grant: $243,909 for 88 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$11,624,106.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the new construction of 88 units of
affordable rental housing to families earning 50 and 60 percent of the area
median income. Upon completion, Robinson Park will be EarthCraft Platinum
certified.



 The Village at Rockbridge: Lexington, VA



 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Mark-Dana Corporation.
Secondary Sponsor: Virginia United Methodist Housing Development Corporation.
Grant: $325,000 for 64 rental units. Total Development Cost: $4,368,570.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the rehabilitation of a 64 unit
affordable apartment property in Lexington, VA. Rehabilitation will include
replacement of roofing, water fixtures, cabinets, doors, flooring, windows,
appliances, and HVAC units.



 Cavalier Senior Apartments: Petersburg, VA



 Member: Bank of America, National Association. Sponsored by: Humanities
Foundation, Inc. Grant: $471,911 for 80 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$11,686,838.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward a new construction development located in
the City of Petersburg, VA. The development will consist of 80 garden style
apartments for seniors and will be a mix of one and two-bedroom units targeting
residents at 40, 50, and 60 percent of the area median income.



 Jackson Ward Senior: Richmond, VA



 Member: Capital One, National Association. Sponsored by: Community Housing
Inc.. Grant: $500,000 for 72 rental units. Total Development Cost: $13,757,488.



 Description: The Jackson ward Senior building is part of the multiphase
redevelopment of a low income senior public housing site in Richmond, VA. The
new building will contain 72 one bedroom units and will be built to Earth Craft
Platinum standards.



 New Clay House II: Richmond, VA



 Member: Union Bank & Trust. Sponsored by: Virginia Supportive Housing. Grant:
$500,00 for 80 rental units. Total Development Cost: $14,845,886.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the renovation and expansion of an
affordable housing development for formerly homeless individuals in Richmond.
After the renovation and expansion, at least 55 units will be reserved for
formerly homeless individuals and the remaining units will be reserved for
individuals earning at or below 50 percent of the area median income.



 Creekside Manor: Henrico, VA



 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Mark-Dana Corporation.
Secondary Sponsor: Virginia United Methodist Housing Development Corporation.
Grant: $500,000 for 97 rental units. Total Development Cost: $7,448,920.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the rehabilitation of a 97-unit
affordable apartment property in Henrico, VA. Rehabilitation will include
replacement of roofing, water fixtures, cabinets, doors, flooring, windows,
appliances, and HVAC units.



  Village Green: Gloucester, VA



 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Southeastern Housing
Preservation, Inc. Grant: $168,736 for 32 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$3,227,197.



 Description: Village Green consists of the acquisition and rehabilitation of 32
existing multi-family units. Rehabilitation will include new windows, HVAC,
water heaters, appliances, roofs, siding, flooring, and improvements to
accessibility. Upon completion, the property will be EarthCraft certified.



 Cypress Landing: Chesapeake, VA



 Member: TowneBank. Sponsored by: Second Act Communities. Grant: $500,000 for 50
rental units. Total Development Cost: $10,448,624.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the construction of an apartment
development containing 44 one-bedroom units and six two-bedroom units. The
development will serve very low-income disabled and/or homeless veterans.
Thirty-eight units will serve veterans who have incomes at or below 30 percent
of the area median income and the remaining 12 units will serve veterans who
have incomes at or below 50 percent of the area median income.



 King's Arms: Hampton, VA



 Member: The Old Point National Bank of Phoebus. Sponsored by: Hampton
Redevelopment and Housing Authority. Grant: $500,000 for 48 rental units. Total
Development Cost: $9,466,152.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the construction of a 48-unit
affordable senior independent housing development consisting of garden style
apartments. The development will include housing for elderly veterans.



 Ada Park: Newport News, VA



 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Southeastern Housing
Preservation, Inc. Grant: $202,295 for 42 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$7,998,558.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the construction of an affordable
housing development which will provide 42 units of rental housing to families
earning below 65 percent of the area median income.



 Belleville Meadows: Suffolk, VA



 Member: Capital One, National Association. Sponsored by: Community Housing
Partners Corporation. Grant: $300,000 for 128 rental units. Total Development
Cost: $14,322,493.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the rehabilitation of an existing
affordable housing development in Suffolk, VA. Rehabilitation will include new
flooring, roofing, energy efficient windows, kitchen appliances, faucets, and
showerheads.



 Dale Homes Phase I: Portsmouth, VA



 Member: TowneBank. Sponsored by: Portsmouth Redevelopment and Housing
Authority. Grant: $500,000 for 146 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$22,907,475.



 Description: AHP funds will be used in connection with the acquisition and
rehabilitation of an existing 146 unit public housing development known as Dale
Homes Phase I and will be targeted to very low income families in Portsmouth,
VA. The project involves the conversion of public housing units under the Rental
Assistance Demonstration program.



 Dale Homes Phase II: Portsmouth, VA



 Member: TowneBank. Sponsored by: Portsmouth Redevelopment and Housing
Authority. Grant: $500,000 for 150 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$23,494,499.



 Description: AHP funds will be used in connection with the acquisition and
rehabilitation of an existing 150-unit public housing development known as Dale
Homes Phase II, and will be targeted to very low income families in Portsmouth,
VA. The project involves the conversion of public housing units under the Rental
Assistance Demonstration program.



 Homeownership and Hope- Virginia: various sites, VA



 Member: Union Bank & Trust. Sponsored by: Greater Lynchburg Habitat for
Humanity (*). Secondary Sponsors: Habitat for Humanity in the Roanoke Valley and
Farmville Area Habitat for Humanity, Inc. Grant: $199,500 for 20 ownership
units. Total Development Cost: $3,380,305



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the construction and rehabilitation of
single family homes across Virginia. Eleven of the units will be new
construction and nine will be rehabilitation of existing and vacant houses.



 Greater Charlottesville Habitat for Humanity: Charlottesville, VA



 Member: Union Bank & Trust. Sponsored by: Greater Charlottesville Habitat for
Humanity. Grant: $186,200 for 19 ownership units. Total Development Cost:
$3,003,788.



 Description: AHP funds will go for the construction of single family homes in
Charlottesville, Virginia. Habitat for Humanity reserves at least 25 percent of
its homeownership opportunities for residents of public housing or who have with
Charlottesville Redevelopment and Housing Authority Housing Choice vouchers. All
of the proposed new homes are accessible with at least one no-step entryway and
are built to ENERGY STAR® 3 specifications.



 Sun Valley Landings: Dublin and Radford, VA



 Member: Union Bank & Trust. Sponsored by: Community Housing Partners
Corporation. Grant: $246,333 for 42 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$5,326,516.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the acquisition and rehabilitation of a
scattered site development of two properties. Sun Valley Landings will serve low
income households earning at or below 50 percent and 60 percent of the area
median income.







 ###



 WASHINGTON - U.S. Sens. Mark R. Warner and Tim Kaine (both D-VA) announced
today that 18 initiatives led by local financial institutions and non-profits in
Virginia will receive $6.6 million from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta
(FHL-Bank Atlanta)'s Affordable Housing Program (AHP) to support affordable
housing development in Virginia.







 "Affordable housing is one of the bedrocks of economic security and financial
stability for American families," said Sen. Warner. "These funds will provide
valuable resources for existing housing networks in Virginia, which are already
on the ground working to provide individuals with a place to live that is within
their reach. This support will help revitalize local neighborhoods, create jobs,
and encourage economic development within the Commonwealth."







 FHL-Bank Atlanta is one of the 11 regional banks in the Federal Home Loan Bank
System, providing commercial banks, credit unions, savings institutions,
community development financial institutions, and insurance companies within
seven southeastern states, including Virginia, with a reliable source of funding
for affordable home mortgages and community lending. More information on
FHL-Bank-Atlanta can be found here.







 The 18 awardees and programs descriptions are listed below:







 &middot;       Lindsay Hill: Lorton, VA



 Member: Burke & Herbert Bank & Trust Company. Sponsored by: Community Housing
Partners Corporation. Grant: $275,000 for 55 rental units. Total Development
Cost: $15,077,337.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the adaptive-reuse of five existing
historic buildings within the Spring Hill Senior Community Located in Lorton,
VA. Lindsay Hill will serve seniors age 62 and older and individuals with
disabilities in Fairfax County.







 &middot;       Washburn Place: Marshall, VA



 Member: Middleburg Bank. Sponsored by: Windy Hill Foundation. Grant: $500,000
for 30 rental units. Total Development Cost: $8,998,123.



 Description: AHP funds will be used in connection with the new construction of
a 30-unit family housing project in Marshall, VA. Rent for the units will be
affordable to households at 40, 50, and 60 percent of the area median income.







 &middot;       Robinson Park: Harrisonburg, VA



 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Southeastern Housing
Preservation, Inc. Grant: $243,909 for 88 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$11,624,106.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the new construction of 88 units of
affordable rental housing to families earning 50 and 60 percent of the area
median income. Upon completion, Robinson Park will be EarthCraft Platinum
certified.







 &middot;       The Village at Rockbridge: Lexington, VA



 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Mark-Dana Corporation.
Secondary Sponsor: Virginia United Methodist Housing Development Corporation.
Grant: $325,000 for 64 rental units. Total Development Cost: $4,368,570.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the rehabilitation of a 64 unit
affordable apartment property in Lexington, VA. Rehabilitation will include
replacement of roofing, water fixtures, cabinets, doors, flooring, windows,
appliances, and HVAC units.







 &middot;       Cavalier Senior Apartments: Petersburg, VA



 Member: Bank of America, National Association. Sponsored by: Humanities
Foundation, Inc. Grant: $471,911 for 80 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$11,686,838.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward a new construction development located in
the City of Petersburg, VA. The development will consist of 80 garden style
apartments for seniors and will be a mix of one and two-bedroom units targeting
residents at 40, 50, and 60 percent of the area median income.







 &middot;       Jackson Ward Senior: Richmond, VA



 Member: Capital One, National Association. Sponsored by: Community Housing
Inc.. Grant: $500,000 for 72 rental units. Total Development Cost: $13,757,488.



 Description: The Jackson ward Senior building is part of the multiphase
redevelopment of a low income senior public housing site in Richmond, VA. The
new building will contain 72 one bedroom units and will be built to Earth Craft
Platinum standards.







 &middot;       New Clay House II: Richmond, VA



 Member: Union Bank & Trust. Sponsored by: Virginia Supportive Housing. Grant:
$500,00 for 80 rental units. Total Development Cost: $14,845,886.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the renovation and expansion of an
affordable housing development for formerly homeless individuals in Richmond.
After the renovation and expansion, at least 55 units will be reserved for
formerly homeless individuals and the remaining units will be reserved for
individuals earning at or below 50 percent of the area median income.







 &middot;       Creekside Manor: Henrico, VA

 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Mark-Dana Corporation.
Secondary Sponsor: Virginia United Methodist Housing Development Corporation.
Grant: $500,000 for 97 rental units. Total Development Cost: $7,448,920.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the rehabilitation of a 97-unit
affordable apartment property in Henrico, VA. Rehabilitation will include
replacement of roofing, water fixtures, cabinets, doors, flooring, windows,
appliances, and HVAC units.







 &middot;       Village Green: Gloucester, VA



 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Southeastern Housing
Preservation, Inc. Grant: $168,736 for 32 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$3,227,197.



 Description: Village Green consists of the acquisition and rehabilitation of 32
existing multi-family units. Rehabilitation will include new windows, HVAC,
water heaters, appliances, roofs, siding, flooring, and improvements to
accessibility. Upon completion, the property will be EarthCraft certified.







 &middot;       Cypress Landing: Chesapeake, VA



 Member: TowneBank. Sponsored by: Second Act Communities. Grant: $500,000 for 50
rental units. Total Development Cost: $10,448,624.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the construction of an apartment
development containing 44 one-bedroom units and six two-bedroom units. The
development will serve very low-income disabled and/or homeless veterans.
Thirty-eight units will serve veterans who have incomes at or below 30 percent
of the area median income and the remaining 12 units will serve veterans who
have incomes at or below 50 percent of the area median income.



 &middot;       King's Arms: Hampton, VA



 Member: The Old Point National Bank of Phoebus. Sponsored by: Hampton
Redevelopment and Housing Authority. Grant: $500,000 for 48 rental units. Total
Development Cost: $9,466,152.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the construction of a 48-unit
affordable senior independent housing development consisting of garden style
apartments. The development will include housing for elderly veterans.







 &middot;       Ada Park: Newport News, VA



 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Southeastern Housing
Preservation, Inc. Grant: $202,295 for 42 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$7,998,558.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the construction of an affordable
housing development which will provide 42 units of rental housing to families
earning below 65 percent of the area median income.







 &middot;       Belleville Meadows: Suffolk, VA



 Member: Capital One, National Association. Sponsored by: Community Housing
Partners Corporation. Grant: $300,000 for 128 rental units. Total Development
Cost: $14,322,493.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the rehabilitation of an existing
affordable housing development in Suffolk, VA. Rehabilitation will include new
flooring, roofing, energy efficient windows, kitchen appliances, faucets, and
showerheads.







 &middot;       Dale Homes Phase I: Portsmouth, VA



 Member: TowneBank. Sponsored by: Portsmouth Redevelopment and Housing
Authority. Grant: $500,000 for 146 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$22,907,475.



 Description: AHP funds will be used in connection with the acquisition and
rehabilitation of an existing 146 unit public housing development known as Dale
Homes Phase I and will be targeted to very low income families in Portsmouth,
VA. The project involves the conversion of public housing units under the Rental
Assistance Demonstration program.







 &middot;       Dale Homes Phase II: Portsmouth, VA



 Member: TowneBank. Sponsored by: Portsmouth Redevelopment and Housing
Authority. Grant: $500,000 for 150 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$23,494,499.



 Description: AHP funds will be used in connection with the acquisition and
rehabilitation of an existing 150-unit public housing development known as Dale
Homes Phase II, and will be targeted to very low income families in Portsmouth,
VA. The project involves the conversion of public housing units under the Rental
Assistance Demonstration program.







 &middot;       Homeownership and Hope- Virginia: various sites, VA



 Member: Union Bank & Trust. Sponsored by: Greater Lynchburg Habitat for
Humanity (*). Secondary Sponsors: Habitat for Humanity in the Roanoke Valley and
Farmville Area Habitat for Humanity, Inc. Grant: $199,500 for 20 ownership
units. Total Development Cost: $3,380,305



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the construction and rehabilitation of
single family homes across Virginia. Eleven of the units will be new
construction and nine will be rehabilitation of existing and vacant houses.







 &middot;       Greater Charlottesville Habitat for Humanity: Charlottesville,
VA



 Member: Union Bank & Trust. Sponsored by: Greater Charlottesville Habitat for
Humanity. Grant: $186,200 for 19 ownership units. Total Development Cost:
$3,003,788.



 Description: AHP funds will go for the construction of single family homes in
Charlottesville, Virginia. Habitat for Humanity reserves at least 25 percent of
its homeownership opportunities for residents of public housing or who have with
Charlottesville Redevelopment and Housing Authority Housing Choice vouchers. All
of the proposed new homes are accessible with at least one no-step entryway and
are built to ENERGY STAR® 3 specifications.







 &middot;       Sun Valley Landings: Dublin and Radford, VA



 Member: Union Bank & Trust. Sponsored by: Community Housing Partners
Corporation. Grant: $246,333 for 42 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$5,326,516.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the acquisition and rehabilitation of a
scattered site development of two properties. Sun Valley Landings will serve low
income households earning at or below 50 percent and 60 percent of the area
median income.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           August 25, 2004 Wednesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

SLUM'S LANDLORDS GIVEN ULTIMATUM

BYLINE: BY LISA L. COLANGELO DAILY NEWS CITY HALL BUREAU

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 211 words


THE OWNERS OF THE troubled Ennis Francis Houses in Harlem have 30 days to make
repairs to the deteriorated buildings, a Housing Court judge ruled yesterday.

Tenants and city housing officials had asked the court to take control of the W.
124th St. property away from owner Herbert Wright.

They cited a history of fiscal mismanagement and building violations ranging
from mold and leaking roofs to rats and sewage backup.

But Judge Kevin McClanahan stopped short of appointing a new administrator and
ordered the owners to post an $825,000 bond and fix the most serious violations
within 20 days.

"We want the tenants to live in safe and decent housing and would like the owner
to make the extensive and necessary repairs to get his property up to code,"
said Carol Abrams of the U.S. Department of Housing Preservation and
Development, which argued the case on behalf of the tenants and the city.

The Daily News publicized the plight of tenants at the Ennis Francis Houses on
Monday.

The federally subsidized buildings, which provide affordable housing to people
with Section 8 vouchers, failed several city and federal inspections. The
Department of Housing Preservation and Development has started foreclosure
proceedings on the property.

lcolangelo@edit.nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Daily News, L.P.


                              95 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                September 3, 1989, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

POSTINGS: 71 Low-Income Units;
Doing Rehabs

BYLINE: By RICHARD D. LYONS

SECTION: Section 10; Page 1, Column 3; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 280 words


A Brooklyn community group that has been renovating abandoned and dilapidated
buildings in the Williamsburg section is to open three rehabilitated apartment
houses near the Brooklyn-Queens Expressway at 10:30 A.M. Friday in a ceremony at
344 Rodney Street. The Rodney Street building and two nearby buildings, at 334
South Third Street and 778 Driggs Avenue, have been redeveloped into a total of
71 apartments: eight three-bedrooms, 44 two-bedrooms, 13 one-bedrooms and six
studios. Eight of the 71 apartments will be reserved for the homeless. The
redevelopment program was carried out by the Southside United Housing
Development Fund Corporation, more commonly known as Los Sures, which means
''southside neighbors'' in Spanish. Los Sures has renovated almost 500
apartments and manages 450 others in 31 buildings.

The $6.1 million cost of renovating the 71 apartments was met by a $3.6 million
loan from New York City's Department of Housing Preservation and Development, a
$500,000 grant from the Federal Department of Housing and Urban Development and
a $2 million investment by the New York Equity Fund, an affiliate of the Local
Initiatives Support Corporation. The fund raises money for housing from
corporations, which benefit through tax credits.

More than 5,000 people have applied for the new apartments, which are to be
awarded to low-income families, typically a family of four with an income of no
more than $18,792. The apartments will be awarded on the basis of an eligibility
screening process followed by random selection under a procedure developed by
the Department of Housing Preservation and Development. Rents will range from
$302 to $506 a month.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                              96 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 5, 2016 Friday

Washington: Sens. Warner, Kaine Announce Nearly $7 Million To Support Affordable
Housing Development In Virginia

LENGTH: 1757  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Tim Kain has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Sens. Mark R. Warner and Tim Kaine (both D-VA) announced today that 18
initiatives led by local financial institutions and non-profits in Virginia will
receive $6.6 million from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Atlanta (FHL-Bank
Atlanta)'s Affordable Housing Program (AHP) to support affordable housing
development in Virginia.





 "Affordable housing is one of the bedrocks of economic security and financial
stability for American families," said Sen. Warner. "These funds will provide
valuable resources for existing housing networks in Virginia, which are already
on the ground working to provide individuals with a place to live that is within
their reach. This support will help revitalize local neighborhoods, create jobs,
and encourage economic development within the Commonwealth."



 FHL-Bank Atlanta is one of the 11 regional banks in the Federal Home Loan Bank
System, providing commercial banks, credit unions, savings institutions,
community development financial institutions, and insurance companies within
seven southeastern states, including Virginia, with a reliable source of funding
for affordable home mortgages and community lending. More information on
FHL-Bank-Atlanta can be found here.



 The 18 awardees and programs descriptions are listed below:



     Lindsay Hill: Lorton, VA



 Member: Burke & Herbert Bank & Trust Company. Sponsored by: Community Housing
Partners Corporation. Grant: $275,000 for 55 rental units. Total Development
Cost: $15,077,337.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the adaptive-reuse of five existing
historic buildings within the Spring Hill Senior Community Located in Lorton,
VA. Lindsay Hill will serve seniors age 62 and older and individuals with
disabilities in Fairfax County.



     Washburn Place: Marshall, VA



 Member: Middleburg Bank. Sponsored by: Windy Hill Foundation. Grant: $500,000
for 30 rental units. Total Development Cost: $8,998,123.



 Description: AHP funds will be used in connection with the new construction of
a 30-unit family housing project in Marshall, VA. Rent for the units will be
affordable to households at 40, 50, and 60 percent of the area median income.



     Robinson Park: Harrisonburg, VA



 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Southeastern Housing
Preservation, Inc. Grant: $243,909 for 88 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$11,624,106.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the new construction of 88 units of
affordable rental housing to families earning 50 and 60 percent of the area
median income. Upon completion, Robinson Park will be EarthCraft Platinum
certified.



     The Village at Rockbridge: Lexington, VA



 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Mark-Dana Corporation.
Secondary Sponsor: Virginia United Methodist Housing Development Corporation.
Grant: $325,000 for 64 rental units. Total Development Cost: $4,368,570.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the rehabilitation of a 64 unit
affordable apartment property in Lexington, VA. Rehabilitation will include
replacement of roofing, water fixtures, cabinets, doors, flooring, windows,
appliances, and HVAC units.



     Cavalier Senior Apartments: Petersburg, VA



 Member: Bank of America, National Association. Sponsored by: Humanities
Foundation, Inc. Grant: $471,911 for 80 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$11,686,838.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward a new construction development located in
the City of Petersburg, VA. The development will consist of 80 garden style
apartments for seniors and will be a mix of one and two-bedroom units targeting
residents at 40, 50, and 60 percent of the area median income.



     Jackson Ward Senior: Richmond, VA



 Member: Capital One, National Association. Sponsored by: Community Housing
Inc.. Grant: $500,000 for 72 rental units. Total Development Cost: $13,757,488.



 Description: The Jackson ward Senior building is part of the multiphase
redevelopment of a low income senior public housing site in Richmond, VA. The
new building will contain 72 one bedroom units and will be built to Earth Craft
Platinum standards.



     New Clay House II: Richmond, VA



 Member: Union Bank & Trust. Sponsored by: Virginia Supportive Housing. Grant:
$500,00 for 80 rental units. Total Development Cost: $14,845,886.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the renovation and expansion of an
affordable housing development for formerly homeless individuals in Richmond.
After the renovation and expansion, at least 55 units will be reserved for
formerly homeless individuals and the remaining units will be reserved for
individuals earning at or below 50 percent of the area median income.



     Creekside Manor: Henrico, VA

     Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Mark-Dana
Corporation. Secondary Sponsor: Virginia United Methodist Housing Development
Corporation. Grant: $500,000 for 97 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$7,448,920.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the rehabilitation of a 97-unit
affordable apartment property in Henrico, VA. Rehabilitation will include
replacement of roofing, water fixtures, cabinets, doors, flooring, windows,
appliances, and HVAC units.



     Village Green: Gloucester, VA



 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Southeastern Housing
Preservation, Inc. Grant: $168,736 for 32 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$3,227,197.



 Description: Village Green consists of the acquisition and rehabilitation of 32
existing multi-family units. Rehabilitation will include new windows, HVAC,
water heaters, appliances, roofs, siding, flooring, and improvements to
accessibility. Upon completion, the property will be EarthCraft certified.



     Cypress Landing: Chesapeake, VA



 Member: TowneBank. Sponsored by: Second Act Communities. Grant: $500,000 for 50
rental units. Total Development Cost: $10,448,624.



 Description: AHP funds will go toward the construction of an apartment
development containing 44 one-bedroom units and six two-bedroom units. The
development will serve very low-income disabled and/or homeless veterans.
Thirty-eight units will serve veterans who have incomes at or below 30 percent
of the area median income and the remaining 12 units will serve veterans who
have incomes at or below 50 percent of the area median income.



     King's Arms: Hampton, VA



 Member: The Old Point National Bank of Phoebus. Sponsored by: Hampton
Redevelopment and Housing Authority. Grant: $500,000 for 48 rental units. Total
Development Cost: $9,466,152.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the construction of a 48-unit
affordable senior independent housing development consisting of garden style
apartments. The development will include housing for elderly veterans.



     Ada Park: Newport News, VA



 Member: Branch Banking and Trust Company. Sponsored by: Southeastern Housing
Preservation, Inc. Grant: $202,295 for 42 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$7,998,558.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the construction of an affordable
housing development which will provide 42 units of rental housing to families
earning below 65 percent of the area median income.



     Belleville Meadows: Suffolk, VA



 Member: Capital One, National Association. Sponsored by: Community Housing
Partners Corporation. Grant: $300,000 for 128 rental units. Total Development
Cost: $14,322,493.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the rehabilitation of an existing
affordable housing development in Suffolk, VA. Rehabilitation will include new
flooring, roofing, energy efficient windows, kitchen appliances, faucets, and
showerheads.



     Dale Homes Phase I: Portsmouth, VA



 Member: TowneBank. Sponsored by: Portsmouth Redevelopment and Housing
Authority. Grant: $500,000 for 146 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$22,907,475.



 Description: AHP funds will be used in connection with the acquisition and
rehabilitation of an existing 146 unit public housing development known as Dale
Homes Phase I and will be targeted to very low income families in Portsmouth,
VA. The project involves the conversion of public housing units under the Rental
Assistance Demonstration program.



     Dale Homes Phase II: Portsmouth, VA



 Member: TowneBank. Sponsored by: Portsmouth Redevelopment and Housing
Authority. Grant: $500,000 for 150 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$23,494,499.



 Description: AHP funds will be used in connection with the acquisition and
rehabilitation of an existing 150-unit public housing development known as Dale
Homes Phase II, and will be targeted to very low income families in Portsmouth,
VA. The project involves the conversion of public housing units under the Rental
Assistance Demonstration program.



     Homeownership and Hope- Virginia: various sites, VA



 Member: Union Bank & Trust. Sponsored by: Greater Lynchburg Habitat for
Humanity (*). Secondary Sponsors: Habitat for Humanity in the Roanoke Valley and
Farmville Area Habitat for Humanity, Inc. Grant: $199,500 for 20 ownership
units. Total Development Cost: $3,380,305



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the construction and rehabilitation of
single family homes across Virginia. Eleven of the units will be new
construction and nine will be rehabilitation of existing and vacant houses.



     Greater Charlottesville Habitat for Humanity: Charlottesville, VA



 Member: Union Bank & Trust. Sponsored by: Greater Charlottesville Habitat for
Humanity. Grant: $186,200 for 19 ownership units. Total Development Cost:
$3,003,788.



 Description: AHP funds will go for the construction of single family homes in
Charlottesville, Virginia. Habitat for Humanity reserves at least 25 percent of
its homeownership opportunities for residents of public housing or who have with
Charlottesville Redevelopment and Housing Authority Housing Choice vouchers. All
of the proposed new homes are accessible with at least one no-step entryway and
are built to ENERGY STAR® 3 specifications.



     Sun Valley Landings: Dublin and Radford, VA



 Member: Union Bank & Trust. Sponsored by: Community Housing Partners
Corporation. Grant: $246,333 for 42 rental units. Total Development Cost:
$5,326,516.



 Description: AHP funds will be used for the acquisition and rehabilitation of a
scattered site development of two properties. Sun Valley Landings will serve low
income households earning at or below 50 percent and 60 percent of the area
median income.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              97 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           December 4, 2008 Thursday
                                 Metro Edition

Need to prevent foreclosure? Get some advice? Follow that snow plow!

BYLINE: Chris Havens, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 307 words


Dump trucks, pickups and snow plows will be among more than 400 vehicles in the
St. Paul Public Works Department's fleet sporting magnetic signs urging
residents to call the city's foreclosure prevention hot line if they are worried
about losing their homes.

City officials unveiled the promotion Tuesday and also touted a series of free
foreclosure legal clinics, the first of which is tonight.

As of Nov. 21, the number of foreclosures in the city was 2,157, about 300 more
than last year.

More than 1,300 households have received counseling through the program since
April 2007.

Preventing foreclosures is the most cost-effective way to keep neighborhoods
stable and minimize the use of city resources, Mayor Chris Coleman said .

The foreclosure prevention program is managed by the Planning and Economic
Development Department and is free. The city has received nearly $600,000 in
grants since last year to help pay for it.

There are seven full-time, multilingual program counselors who provide financial
and budget counseling services, educate residents about the foreclosure process
and work with lenders to see if there are solutions.

The first of three free legal clinics will be tonight from 6 to 8 p.m. at the
Summit-University Planning Council, 665 Selby Av. Homeowners will be able to
have their mortgage and foreclosure documents reviewed by attorneys from the
Housing Preservation Project. Two other clinics -- 1-3 p.m. Saturday and 6-8
p.m. Jan. 29 -- will be held at the Greater Frogtown Community Development
Corporation, 533 Dale St.

Jane Bowman, an attorney with the Housing Preservation Project, said homeowners
should be aware of scams, such as the requirement of up-front fees for
foreclosure rescue efforts. Call 651-642-0102, ext. 117, for more information.

The city's foreclosure prevention hot line is 651-266-6626.

CHRIS HAVENS

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2008 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             August 2, 2004 Monday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

STICKER SHOCKLESS New apts. tony but affordable

BYLINE: BY KEVIN MURAWINSKI DAILY NEWS WRITER

SECTION: SUBURBAN; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 446 words


"MANHATTAN. ALL NEW! Two-bedroom penthouse apt. w/ large outdoor terrace,
panoramic views; 1 1/2 baths, abundant natural light: $200,000."

Wait a minute - $200,000?

That's right. Thanks to the city's Housing Preservation and Development
Department and Housing Development Corp. - which provided subsidies to cut costs
on land and construction - plush digs are being served up at affordable prices
at a new West Harlem housing complex.

The seven-story Bradhurst Court will cover an entire city block - bounded by
145th St., Frederick Douglass Blvd., 146th St. and Bradhurst Ave. - and will
boast a full-size Pathmark supermarket and an underground parking garage.

The bargain price tags on the apartments are a far cry from the asking prices
for similar accommodations 60 blocks south, on the upper East Side, where a
four-bedroom penthouse goes for $12 million.

Because of the various government subsidies, would-be buyers will have to meet
income and other requirements for the 127 units, which have from one to three
bedrooms.

"We wanted to provide as many amenities as we could for people buying their
first home at an affordable price," said co-developer Jerry Salama, former
deputy commissioner of Housing Preservation and Development, who developed
Bradhurst Court with the Related Companies.

"It's a significant project," said Marvin Meltzer, whose Meltzer-Mandl
architectural firm designed the building. "A whole city block is getting
developed, which just doesn't happen very often - especially in a dense urban
community like this."

Salama agreed it's rare in New York City that a whole block goes up in one
project. He also said this particular project has been on the back burner a long
time.

"This property was in the works for 20 years before we worked on it," Salama
said. "A number of developers couldn't get financing on it. With the Related
Companies, we were able to finally get it done."

Construction is about half to 60% completed.

The Pathmark, long sought by the local community and the key to the deal, will
become the largest in Harlem at about 45,000 square feet, making it the chain's
second full-size supermarket to open in the area between the upper West Side and
Washington Heights. The other Pathmark is at 125th Street and Lexington Ave.

Besides the Pathmark and the 188-car garage, the building will feature a
13,700-square-foot landscaped courtyard.

The downtown restaurant Maroon's also will be adding a franchise at Bradhurst
Court, with a bakery and a catering hall on the first floor.

Developers said half the units have been committed.

Interested applicants can call the marketing office at (212) 283-1000, or go to
its Web site at www.bradhurstcourt.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Daily News, L.P.


                              99 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 August 27, 1995, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

NEIGHBORHOOD REPORT: WOODSIDE;
For Many in Troubled Co-Op, Maintenance Rise Is Last Straw

BYLINE: By JANE H. LII

SECTION: Section 13; Page 12; Column 3; The City Weekly/Queens

LENGTH: 470 words


Margaret Mack, 68, a retired secretary, thought she had heard the worst when she
and other shareholders of the Big Six Towers learned in March that their
cooperative housing complex was $20 million in debt after a decade of
mismanagement, bad investments and possible fraud.

But earlier this month, she found a note under her door saying that the co-op
board planned to ask the city for a 25 percent increase in the maintenance. If
the proposal is approved by the city, Ms. Mack, whose current maintenance fee is
$327.17 a month for a one-bedroom apartment and a terrace, would be paying more
than $400.

"I was so mad," Ms. Mack said. "How could they do it to me? I worked for a
Catholic school and have very little pension."

Last Monday, in the sweltering heat, Ms. Mack and some 200 angry shareholders
marched to demand that management postpone a meeting with the city's Department
of Housing Preservation and Development, which oversees operations of Big Six
Towers, a publicly subsidized complex for moderate- and middle-income New
Yorkers.

The clash was the latest between the committee and the co-op board over how best
to resolve the crisis. The complex, which has 975 apartments and 4,000
residents, has been in turmoil since March, when the co-op board discovered the
financial irregularities.

The board has filed civil suits in Federal court against a former manager,
Richard Stone, and past board members, Roland Solomon and Paul Goldstein, and
others, accusing them of mismanagement and fraud. City and state investigators
are also trying to determine if they diverted Big Six's money into unrelated
projects in return for kickbacks.

Mr. Solomon's lawyer, Louis Venezia, said that his client had worked hard for
the co-op as a director for 25 years, and that he had never committed fraud. Mr.
Goldstein and Mr. Stone could not be reached.

Ms. Jacobowitz's committee wants to elect a new board and to have the Department
of Housing Preservation and Development bail out the co-op. But the board says
it is best if it stays, to aid the investigations, and it wants tenants to raise
enough money to keep daily operations going while a solution is sought.

"With the money we are taking in now, there is not enough money to keep the
daily operations going," said Margaret DiBari, the board's president.

The board last raised maintenance by 18.5 percent in 1993, and before that there
had been no increase for about a decade, Ms. DiBari said. The complex is
operating at a deficit of $100,000 a month, she said.

Mara Neville, a spokeswoman for the city's housing department, said it had
postponed the hearing on the proposed increase, scheduled for last Thursday, at
the board's request, and would review the Big Six's financial records before
ruling on an increase.   JANE H. LII

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Angry residents at a protest. (Frances Roberts for The New York
Times)

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                             100 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            August 6, 2008 Wednesday
                              Correction Appended
                              Late Edition - Final

Bronx Building to Be Withdrawn From Mitchell-Lama Participation

BYLINE: By JENNIFER 8. LEE; Dmitry Kiper contributed reporting.

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 698 words


The sale of a Bronx apartment building is proceeding, even though city housing
officials rejected the deal just months ago.

The owners of the 100-unit building at 1520 Sedgwick Avenue, widely regarded as
the birthplace of hip-hop, have notified the Department of Housing Preservation
and Development that they intend to cancel the building's participation in the
Mitchell-Lama program by paying off the mortgage, effectively ending the city's
regulatory power over any sale.

''They have requested a payoff letter for early September,'' said Seth Donlin, a
spokesman for the housing department. ''It means they want to pay off their
mortgage and exit.''

Steven Frankel, a lawyer for 1520 Sedgwick Associates, the owner, would not
comment.

A proposed sale of the building had alarmed tenants and advocates of
moderate-income housing because the reported price being paid by an investment
group led by Mark Karasick, a real estate developer, significantly exceeded the
building's assessed value of $7.5 million. They feared that such a high price
meant that the investment group would almost certainly take the building out of
the Mitchell-Lama program after the sale.

Earlier this year, the Department of Housing Preservation and Development
rejected a previous sale ''because the proposed purchase price is inconsistent
with the use of property as a Mitchell-Lama affordable housing development.''

Jose M. Serrano, the state senator who represents the area, said:  ''A few
months back, there was a lot of fanfare; it looked like we had been able to save
affordability at 1520. All of that is now in jeopardy.''

Tenants had hoped to buy the building, but advocates of that plan said that the
tenants' offer fell far short of the asking price.

''This was the nuclear option,'' said Senator Charles E. Schumer, whose office
has been active on the issue. ''It is simply outrageous for the owners to ignore
the tenants' offer to negotiate, and instead push blindly ahead with their
decision to take this building out of the Mitchell-Lama program.''

That program, established in 1955 by the State Legislature, spurred the
development of about 105,000 units of housing in 269 developments by giving
developers subsidies and tax breaks in exchange for rent limits for a fixed time
period. Rents under the Mitchell-Lama program are generally determined by the
budget of the landlord in operating the building, and are generally raised when
there are substantial investments.

In recent years, the 20-year time limits on developers' contracts expired, and
buildings across the city have been taken out of the program and sold to
investors, many for what tenants' advocates call worrisomely inflated prices.

The immediate impact on the rents at 1520 Sedgwick will not be substantial,
because buildings removed from the Mitchell-Lama program are generally subject
to rent stabilization. A number of elected officials, however, have raised
concerns that an inflated purchase price is very risky.

The officials said that the debts on some other buildings that left
Mitchell-Lama  were so large in relation to the rents that they might trigger
foreclosure or a substantial cut in services.

The officials pointed to another Bronx building, Robert Fulton Terrace, which
was sold in 2006 at what they said was an inflated price. Mr. Karasick was also
involved in that sale. Michael Benjamin, a Bronx assemblyman whose district
includes the building, said that his office had already received complaints
about repairs and cleanliness.

Others predicted that such purchases could become the apartment-building
equivalent of the mortgage crisis surrounding single-family homes.

''The bank is taking a speculative position by lending money on that property,''
said Thomas J. Waters, a housing-policy analyst who has taken a look at the real
estate financing. The commercial mortgages, like mortgages on single-family
homes, are often packaged into securities that are sold on Wall Street -- as was
the case with Robert Fulton Terrace.

''The same kind of thinking went into lending $400,000 to someone who had the
$50,000 income, or someone who couldn't prove their income,'' Mr. Waters said.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: August 8, 2008



CORRECTION: An article in some editions on Wednesday about a Bronx apartment
building whose owners intend to cancel the building's participation in the
Mitchell-Lama program by paying off the mortgage, effectively ending the city's
regulatory power over any sale, misstated which buildings are generally subject
to rent stabilization when removed from the program. It is only buildings built
before 1974, not all buildings.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Times Company


                             101 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 14, 1983, Monday, Late City Final Edition

Fake Blinds Can't Hide Blight

SECTION: Section A; Page 18, Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 185 words


New York's Department of Housing Preservation and Development seems bent on
proving that one can have too much of a pretty and good thing.

The good thing was the sparing use of colorful decals on boarded up windows to
give a lived-in look to a few deserted buildings in struggling but lively
neighborhoods. But this practice becomes ugly and destructive when officialdom
sets out to pretend that a large deceased section of the city still hums with
life.

When last we looked 18 months ago, the fake decal curtains, blinds and flower
pots were being used only on dead buildings whose neighbors petitioned for them.
The illusion seemed to cheer the neighbors and drive off vagabonds.  But no such
valid purpose is served by spreading decals across the deserted stretches of
abandoned buildings adjoining the Cross Bronx Expressway. The $100,000 so
invested would symbolize not Government's interest in struggling neighborhoods
but its desire to hide unpleasant realities. The modest Federal subsidies for
community repair should be used to make a dent, however slight, in places where
real people live.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             102 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                            August 21, 2007 Tuesday

$14M Set Aside To Preserve 'Affordable' Housing in City

BYLINE: GRACE RAUH -, Staff Reporter of the Sun

SECTION: NEW YORK; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 296 words


Dilapidated housing in the city that is subsidized by the federal government is
poised to get a $14 million facelift: The City Council has set aside the funding
to repair an estimated 500 apartments in an effort to preserve New York's
"affordable" housing stock, city officials announced yesterday.

Housing developments that are subsidized by the federal Department of Housing
and Urban Development and fall into disrepair face foreclosure, and there is no
guarantee that a new landlord would remain in the federal subsidy program and
rent the apartments at rates below the market value, city officials said.

"Any time we go out and talk to our constituents, the no. 1 concern we hear is
the need for more affordable housing," the council speaker, Christine Quinn,
said. "As the city gets more and more expensive and less and less affordable, as
I said, we can't lose one unit."

The city's Department of Housing Preservation and Development already repairs
federally subsidized buildings in poor condition. Officials said the repairs
have kept 17 buildings comprising more than 2,100 apartments from being sold
through public auction, where they might have lost their "affordable" status.

When asked about the contention that preserving "affordable" housing in the city
drives up rents for the rest of New Yorkers, Ms. Quinn said the idea is
"ridiculous."

"The times when there are less or no rent protections, rents go up and
skyrocket," she said. "That is a very frequently heard spin put out there by
property owners, but I don't think there's any truth to that at all."

The Housing Preservation and Development commissioner, Shaun Donovan, said the
city should protect its "affordable" housing and build more housing "to increase
the supply to bring down the price for everyone."

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             103 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Sanford Herald (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           August 17, 2011 Wednesday

Board approves incentives deal

BYLINE: Billy Ball, The Sanford Herald, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1246 words


Aug. 17--SANFORD -- A split Lee County Board of Commissioners threw its support
Monday behind a newly fashioned, job-based incentive deal for one Apex
manufacturer.

The deal, which differs from the county Economic Development Corporation's
typical method of giving tax breaks, extends a $1,000 grant to machine
component-maker JMC Tools & Machine Company for every job they create over the
next three years.

Officials said the company is seeking to buy the former Colfax building in Lee
County Industrial Park, investing more than $2 million and adding 50 jobs in the
next few years.

The EDC-recommended grant maxes out at $50,000 based on the $1,000-per-job deal.

"This brings new jobs to a county that desperately needs them," Commissioner
Richard Hayes said.

Monday's deal is the first incentive package to come before commissioners since
the bitterly divided board moved to withdraw its financial stake in the EDC and
bring its chief under the umbrella of the county manager in December.

The embattled nonprofit has been a target for conservative critics who say its
incentivized methods of attracting new businesses and retaining corporate
citizens are unfair and ineffective.

GOP commissioners Linda Shook and Jim Womack reaffirmed their opposition Monday,
casting the lone two opposing votes against the JMC Tool deal.

Shook blasted the incentive for financing jobs that largely have already been
hired out to workers at the company's Apex facility.

Officials said it was unclear how many new jobs would be added and how many
would be retained from the Apex plant if JMC Tool made the move to Lee County,
although Hayes estimated as many as 20 or so workers would be commuting from
outside of the county.

"This one's going to open up a whole can of worms because this was a strange
deal," Shook said.

Shook said JMC Tool would be a welcome corporate addition to Lee County, but
criticized the notion of paying for jobs that already exist.

"We do have small businesses here in Lee County that have been creating jobs
that ask for no incentives," she said. "Why not (have) them all come and say
'we've been creating jobs.' ... This was a situation I was just not comfortable
with from the beginning."

But Hayes dismissed the conservative laments from Shook and Womack as a sign
that the longtime incentive critics will stand in front of any deal.

Hayes said the cash is returned to the county if JMC Tool does not deliver on
the jobs, adding that concerns about whether the jobs are going to Lee County
residents or commuters from Wake County are misplaced.

"That doesn't give me any real concern," he said. "It's a net gain for Lee
County."

Hayes said the company has been working with county officials for more than a
year, and seemed bound to look elsewhere after the former Transmatic building
they were eyeing for purchase was scooped up by construction machinery giant
Caterpillar.

Nevertheless, the manufacturer approached EDC leaders and County Manager John
Crumpton recently about a new, job-based deal, he said.

"They would be willing to come," Hayes said. "They think that Lee County would
be the best place they could come because of the workforce here, which makes my
heart beat faster."

Commissioners also gave the unanimous go-ahead Monday to EDC officials to begin
a state grant application process for local contractor WST Industries.

The company, launched five years ago in Sanford, is buying the Hills Florist
building on Beechtree Drive in Sanford, but will need to make refurbishments to
the facility as it is "dire need" of work, according to EDC Director Bob Heuts.

The renovations grant from the N.C. Rural Center requires a 3 percent local
match in funds, cash that will be paid by WST, Heuts said.

Heuts added that the deal should add about $100,000 in value to the county
without using any local funds.

"Clearly, we're going to have a building that's much more durable and useful
than it is today," he said.

Tornado recovery

In his report to the commissioners included in the agenda package for Monday's
meeting, County Manager John Crumpton provided an update on tornado recovery
progress, which some residents worry isn't moving fast enough.

According to the report, some residents in affected areas have raised concerns
that some neighbors have not begun reconstruction or demolition work on damaged
homes.

"They want to make sure something is done with a neighbor's property, and that
the value of their property isn't affected by the person next door," Crumpton
said. "This is something we expected. We've seen this in other communities where
recovery takes longer for some than for others."

Crumpton said the community development department is spearheading the effort to
address those issues, and the general services department is also working with
properties that still have debris issues.

Planning and Development Director Bob Bridwell said the community development
department has taken the survey of damaged properties that was completed
immediately following the tornado and compared it to the department's list of
building and demolition permits and development projects. The department will
visit the property owners that have not yet applied for permits and talk with
them about any issues they are facing and the resources they have available.

"People can be shell-shocked from disaster, and it takes awhile for them to make
decisions," Bridwell said. "Some people are still going through that, some
people are having insurance problems, some people are having mortgage issues,
some people haven't found the right contractor."

Bridwell said the department will work closely with the San-Lee Interagency
Disaster Recovery committee, a non-profit focused on long-term recovery efforts.
Abby Cameron, a member of SLIDR and community services coordinator for the Lee
County American Red Cross, said the organization had been working diligently to
help people get back on their feet, but she agreed with Crumpton's assessment
that recovery for some could take up to a year.

"SLIDR is actually in the process of working with people right now who are not
insured or were under-insured," Cameron said. "They're trying to get to the most
drastic cases first, who are literally in houses they shouldn't be living in.
They've also been working a lot with the elderly and disabled."

USDA Housing Preservation Grant

The commissioners also approved Monday a joint application between Lee County
and the City of Sanford for a U.S. Department of Agriculture Housing
Preservation Grant. If the application is approved, the $95,000 grant would go
toward preserving existing housing that has deteriorated over the years,
Bridwell said.

The application includes a $20,000 local match, which would be split evenly
between the city and the county. The application was set to go before the City
Council for approval Tuesday night.

"Both the city and the county have always been very interested in improving the
quality of housing," Bridwell said. "We've been very fortunate over the years to
receive a number of community development grants."

Bill Ball can be reached at bball@sanfordherald.com; Alexa Milan can be reached
at amilan@sanfordherald.com

To see more of The Sanford Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.sanfordherald.com Copyright (c) 2011, The Sanford Herald, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110817-HD-Board-approves-incentives-deal-0817-20110817

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HD


                         Copyright 2011 Sanford Herald


                             104 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 10, 1984, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

RISING RENTS AND SPACE SHORTAGE BESET ARTS GROUPS

BYLINE: By NICOLE SIMMONS

SECTION: Section 8; Page 7, Column 1; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 1017 words


In 1976, Tina Ramirez moved her Ballet

Hispanico from its cramped midtown

space to an Upper West Side building owned by the city - an 1892 carriage house
that had been used to store rat poison. The company was charged a nominal rent
of $375 and, after spending $20,000 on emergency renovations, it had two dance
studios in place.

''We thought we'd be safe here for five years,'' said Miss Ramirez, who had
shepherded the organization around Manhattan as it outgrew studio after studio.
But under the West Side Urban Renewal Plan, which was reactivated in 1977, the
company had to choose between buying the building or moving elsewhere.

It took nearly seven years for their purchase to make its way through the city's
tortuous Uniform Land Use Review Procedure. In the meantime, it acquired the
right to develop the rundown adjoining building at 169 West 89th Street.

On April 30, Ballet Hispanico made a $37,000 down payment on the carriage houses
at Nos. 167 and 169. The city lent the company the rest of the $110,000 purchase
price - far below market value - at below-market interest rates under its
purchase-money mortgage plan. Of the more than $1 million the group expects to
spend on renovating the buildings, $359,000 in Federal community-development
funds was channeled through the Department of Cultural Affairs to the dance
company. Much of the grant was devoted to providing the company with two elegant
dance studios in No. 169, and it is seeking further grants for the complete
renovation of its home.

To the arts industry, Ballet Hispanico's tale is a rare success story. More and
more arts groups, industry sources say, are having trouble finding space and
meeting increasing rents.

A year ago last month, the threat of large rent increases for groups in
city-owned buildings set off a wave of protests that led the Department of
Housing Preservation and Development to reduce planned increases for tenants in
urban-renewal areas. But the Division of Real Property, with the help of the
Department of Cultural Affairs, still is negotiating terms with organizations in
city-owned buildings outside of urban-renewal areas. In privately owned
buildings, said Jane Moss of the Alliance of Resident Theaters/New York, rents
for arts groups usually skyrocket at the end of a lease.

The Department of Cultural Affairs, according to Gregory Millard, assistant
commissioner for programs, has commissioned a three-month study of the problem
of finding reasonable space at affordable terms for arts groups. The study,
cosponsored by the Office of Economic Development and the independent, nonprofit
Cultural Assistance Center, will assess the extent of the problem, suggest
possible solutions and, Cultural Affairs officials hope, stimulate city action.
A panel to conduct the study has not yet been named.

THE city, according to Robert H. Reach,

director of Manhattan planning for the

Office of Economic Development, is chary about selling a building to a nonprofit
group. ''You don't want to sell to an organization,'' he said, ''if there is a
sense that they might not be around next year.''

He explained that because of the necessity of a close scrutiny of the finances
of the city's often struggling arts organizations, the laborious review
procedure can take even longer than usual.  To ease the city's qualms, Miss Moss
said, arts organizations should band together to buy a building or acquire a
long-term lease. ''Then even if one theater company isn't around in three
years,'' she said, another company could take its place.

A group of arts organizations, including the Alliance of Resident Theaters, has
joined to submit a proposal for using the vacant United States Custom House on
Bowling Green. The coalition, organized by Gilbert Tauber, an urban planner,
would like to turn 86,000 square feet of the deserted building into a cultural
center, including two theaters, an ocean-liner museum, and a branch of the
Theater Development Fund's ticket-discount TKTS booth.

The proposal, which seeks a 25-year lease with option to renew, is one of six
submitted for the Custom House. The winning proposal must be approved by the
General Services Administration, which expects to make its choice late next
month.

Sara Garretson and Donald J. Checki of the city's Office of Business Development
are considering forming a similar group. Mrs. Garretson, director of the newly
formed nonprofit desk in the office's marketing-services division, is
establishing herself as the arts community's link with the maze of city services
and agencies. Her job, she says, is ''to keep nonprofit industry in the city,''
and she has put the arts community's real-estate problems high on her agenda.

Mrs. Garretson has directed some arts groups to the ''space bank'' run by Mr.
Checki's Division of Business Services. Brokers list their available industrial
spaces in the bank, along with their vital statistics - ceiling heights, floor
loads and the amount of open space. The division then works with a company to
determine what kind of space it needs and can afford; thus far, small
manufacturers comprise the largest group.

''I see the arts organizations as a very special constituency,'' Mr. Checki
said. He hopes to find brokers who deal in the large open spaces that arts group
need, ''package together'' several groups that need 4,000 square feet or more
and ''mix and match'' the brokers with the performers.

The Office of Property Management in the Department of Housing Preservation and
Development, whose rent increases were the target of protests a year ago, has
also been working with performing groups to forestall further complaints. Mary
Tierney, associate director for the arts in the Department of Cultural Affairs,
has acted as liaison.

The office has even asked resident arts groups for their suggestions on
developing the Cooper Square area, which has been an urban-renewal area without
a renewal plan. ''Most of the groups we're dealing with are good groups,'' said
Deputy Commissioner Joseph Shuldiner, ''and we're trying to keep them in
business.''


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Ballet Hispanico building ; Photo of dancers at work

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             105 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            August 26, 2008 Tuesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

BUY-PASSING BIDDING RULES CITY AGENCIES SPENT 146M ON SERVICES IN TIME OF
EMERGENCY

BYLINE: BY ADAM LISBERG DAILY NEWS CITY HALL BUREAU CHIEF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 502 words


AGENCIES LIKE THE NYPD and the Fire Department rarely skip bidding rules to make
emergency purchases, but the agencies in charge of housing and water management
do it regularly.

Of the $146 million city agencies have spent for emergency products and services
since 2006, $45 million was spent by the Department of Housing Preservation and
Development - largely on tearing down unstable buildings.

Agency spokesman Seth Donlin said Housing Preservation and Development usually
seeks quick bids from a list of qualified contractors, using its inspectors to
judge whether the bids are fair.

The second-largest spender was the Department of Environmental Protection at
$41.5 million - mostly to fix an unstable dam and recover from flooding in its
upstate watershed.

"If you run water mains or occupied housing, of course you're going to have
emergencies," said Marla Simpson, director of the Mayor's Office of Contract
Services.

Agencies can skip the city's usual bidding rules if they can convince the Law
Department and the controller's office there's a compelling need to do so.

"Accidents don't just happen during normal work hours," said Michael Loughran, a
spokesman for the controller's office, which designates someone to answer
middle-of-the-night phone calls seeking approval for spending in genuine
emergencies.

The Fire Department spent almost $11 million outside usual bidding rules, but
not on anything relating to fires. It needed to hire a cleaning service for its
buildings after the first cleaner defaulted, and it had to hire a prescription
manager using grant money that came with a tight deadline.

Other agencies cited similar circumstances for its emergency spending, as well
as emergency repairs to roofs, walls and other crumbling infrastructure.

The Health Department spent $12,384 on credit reports after a laptop computer
with employees' personal information was stolen.

Several agencies said they seek multiple bids for their emergency work, even if
it doesn't follow the sometimes cumbersome rules for regular purchasing.

"Emergency procurements are tracked and monitored just as we would any other
contract," said Sheila Stainback of the Administration for Children's Services,
which spent almost $1.3 million, largely on emergency nursing for children.

"There can still be a competitive bidding process for an emergency procurement,
but that process would be accelerated."

alisberg@nydailynews.com

Graphic: URGENT SPENDING

New York has spent $146 million since the beginning of 2006 on emergency items
and services that skip usual bidding rules. Breakdown by agency:

$45,076,790 Housing Preservation, Development

$41,548,210 Environmental Protection

$14,558,688 Design and Construction

$11,635,291 Health

$11,023,095 Parks

$10,966,819 FDNY

$4,470,697 Transportation

$1,952,788 Citywide Administrative Services

$1,440,794 Sanitation

$1,404,101 Office of Emerg. Management

$1,292,031 Admin. for Children's Services

$453,710 NYPD

$252,134 Social Services

$151,699 City University

$19,980 Aging

Source: Controller's office

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC;LIST

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EXCLUSIVE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 Daily News, L.P.


                             106 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 26, 1997, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Residential Real Estate;
South Bronx Revival Shifting to 2-Family Houses

BYLINE: By RACHELLE GARBARINE

SECTION: Section B; Page 7; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 885 words


President Clinton's visit this month to Charlotte Gardens, 89 suburban-style
homes in the Crotona Park East section of the Bronx, focused attention on how
much has changed in the South Bronx since the 1970's. It also served as a
reminder that the rebuilding is not over.

"No one has called the South Bronx the Garden of Eden," said Clint Roswell, the
spokesman for Borough President Fernando Ferrer. But the $2 billion in city and
Federal subsidies invested since 1986 and the resulting 30,000 new and renovated
residences for low- and moderate-income families has proved that rebuilding the
area, and the borough, can be accomplished, he said.

The work continues. Thousands of residences -- developed by community and church
groups as well as nonprofit and for-profit developers using public subsidies,
land donated by the city and tax abatements -- are in various stages of
development.

Four blocks from Charlotte Gardens, work is nearly complete on the 82 two-family
homes of Longfellow Estates. Construction is under way on Horizon Homes, 33 two-
and three-family homes in the Crotona Park North neighborhood. And next month,
work will start on a 72-unit rental building in Tremont.

While Charlotte Gardens, built between 1983 and 1986, became an early symbol of
the rebuilding effort, its homes on quarter-acre lots are an anomaly. Today, the
trend is toward higher-density projects, from two- and three-family homes to
condominium and rental buildings.

Veronica M. White, president of the nonprofit New York City Housing Partnership,
said that two- and three-family homes "better utilize city land and fit the
neighborhoods."

The Housing Partnership, with the city's Department of Housing Preservation and
Development, is responsible for much of the housing created in the South Bronx.
Since 1983, they have sponsored the construction of 4,597 two- and three-family
homes in the area, and 1,175 more are under way or planned, most of them also in
the South Bronx. Since 1995, they have also sponsored the development of 210
renovated rental units, and 258 more are planned, with about 90 percent of them
in the South Bronx.

The Housing Partnership homes, including those at Longfellow Estates and Horizon
Homes, are targeted for buyers with annual incomes of $28,000 to $70,000.

The 82 two-family homes at Longfellow Estates occupy once vacant city-owned
sites along six blocks, from Jennings to East 172d Street and Bryant to
Longfellow Avenue. Each has a 1,200-square-foot three-bedroom apartment and a
700-square-foot, one-bedroom rental, which rents for $700 a month. They also
have two-car garages and 25-by-30-foot backyards.

City, state and Federal subsidies lowered the price of the houses by $56,000, to
an average of $164,400, and all have been sold, said R. Randy Lee, president of
the Leewood Real Estate Group of Staten Island, the developer. The Mid-Bronx
Desperadoes, a nonprofit community group, is the sponsor.

"These homes show the South Bronx is not the wasteland it used to be, and people
want to live there," Mr. Lee said.

Horizon Homes comprises 24 two-family and 9 three-family homes that are rising
in four clusters, mostly between 175th and 176th Streets and Mohegan and Marmion
Avenues. The two-family homes will have a 1,600- to 2,000-square-foot,
three-bedroom apartment and an 800- to 1,000-square-foot, two-bedroom rental.
The three-family houses will have a 1,640-square-foot, two- or three-bedroom
apartment and two 820-square-foot, two-bedroom rentals. All will have one-car
driveways and backyards that are 20 feet wide and 30 to 40 feet deep.

Public subsidies will lower the price of the two-family homes by $40,000 to
$165,000, to a high of $184,500; the three-family houses will be lowered by
$93,000 to $215,350, to $221,500, said Jeffrey E. Levine, who heads Levine
Builders of Douglaston, Queens, which is developing the project with the local
Alemar Associates. The Aquinas Housing Corporation is the community sponsor.
Rents will be $500 to $600 a month. Occupancy is set for June, Mr. Levine said,
adding that the project "not only adds new houses to the neighborhood, but
supports those already there."

The 72-unit rental project on Hughes Avenue between 180th and 181st Streets is
to be built under New York City's 421a tax certificate program. Under it, the
developer, Atlantic Development Group of Manhattan, is to receive five
transferable tax-abatement certificates from the city for each low-income unit
it will build on the site.

In turn, Atlantic will sell its certificates for $5.7 million to a builder
planning a market rate housing project in Manhattan. The company will use that
money to repay its $5 million construction loan, said Marc Altheim, a partner.
He said the remaining $2.7 million of the $8.4 million needed to build the
project, which will be owned and managed by a local nonprofit group, has been
raised by the sale of Federal tax credits, bought by individuals or corporations
for tax write-offs.

The 400- to 800-square-foot apartments will rent for $350 to $550 a month. The
project, to be built over the next 11 months, is designed as a crescent-shaped,
six-story building around a courtyard, said Marvin H. Meltzer, the architect,
"to give tenants a touch of suburbia in a protected space."

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             107 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            November 16, 2014 Sunday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

Build & bilk: Labor cheats cash in Workers out millions Affordabe housing firms
undercut their employees

BYLINE: BY GREG B. SMITH NEW YORK DAILY NEWS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 1278 words


SOME MEMBERS of the team helping Mayor de Blasio reach his dream of increasing
the supply of affordable apartments in New York have a dirty little secret - an
$11.8 million one.

That's how much an elite group of 10 contractors and one developer now building
affordable units across the city owed this year to workers cheated out of wages
they were supposed to get, a Daily News investigation has found.

The group is building or renovating nearly 2,800 affordable apartments in 37
developments across the city, records obtained under the Freedom of Information
Law show. These projects are receiving $41 million in city grants or
low-interest loans plus $206 million worth of tax credits. When finished, the
apartments they're building will count toward de Blasio's oft-stated goal of
building or preserving 200,000 affordable units in 10 years - a cornerstone of
his administration.

The city Housing Preservation & Development Department allows these builders to
work on these projects, despite their track record, on the condition that they
repay what is owed.

All 11 were placed on a special "enhanced review" list after subcontractors they
brought in on earlier jobs got caught paying workers a fraction of what they
were owed. The builders are responsible for making sure that doesn't happen.

"We require contractors to obey all labor laws and have instituted strong
measures to deal with noncompliance," department spokesman Eric Bederman said
Saturday. "Our enhanced review procedure identifies contractors who have had
past issues and subjects them to a number of measures to ensure they fulfill
their legal obligations. We are seeing significant improvements in compliance
and are determined to use every tool at our disposal to ensure that workers are
protected." The city tallied $11.89 million in lost wages owed by 10 of the 11
and withheld that amount in contract funds to cover what was owed. As the jobs
progress, the contractors pay it off.

As of last week, they were down to $4.8 million owed, records show. Two managed
to get off the list by paying everything off. One of the 11, MJM, has no wages
withheld but is on the list as a precaution because it was linked to a firm
barred from city business because of wage-cheating issues.

Robert Bonanza, business manager of the 17,000-member Mason Tenders District
Council, said this approach rewards bad behavior and undermines the credibility
of de Blasio's pronouncements about helping working people.

"On one hand, they are withholding millions of dollars from bad contractors who
have exploited workers and stolen their hard-earned wages," Bonanza said. "On
the other hand, (the Housing Preservation & Development Department) continues to
knowingly reward these same bad contractors with taxpayer-subsidized projects
worth hundreds of millions of dollars."

For a 41-year-old scaffold builder named Bequer, this arrangement was a raw deal
at an affordable housing project, Riverway Apartments, in Brownsville, Brooklyn.

Bequer, who is trying to support a wife and two children, says he was supposed
to get $35 to $40 an hour. Instead, his employer, a subcontractor, paid him $18
an hour - take it or leave it.

"They exploited me because I didn't have my papers," he said.

As the general contractor on the Riverway job, Procida Construction Corp. was
supposed to make sure all workers were properly paid. Bequer says at one point,
an inspector showed up on site and made a feeble inquiry about wages.

That day, he and his underpaid colleagues were simply told to hide at the job
site.

"It is humiliating," he told The News.

Procida, investigated by state Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, agreed in
2013 to pay $830,000 to cover underpayments at the Riverway project and another
affordable housing project in Brooklyn. A lawyer for Procida did not return
calls seeking comment.

Yet Procida was allowed to continue building affordable housing for the city,
working on one taxpayer-subsidized project in Manhattan and two in the Bronx,
including a 176-unit building now under construction that will provide housing
for inpatients of the soon-to-be decommissioned Goldwater Memorial Hospital on
Roosevelt Island.

City officials, including de Blasio and his predecessor, Michael Bloomberg,
didn't mention the enhanced review list when announcing one of these affordable
housing projects.

A June press release by the Housing Preservation & Development Department, for
example, boasts of city financing for 18 projects, including Plover Apartments,
a rehab job in the South Bronx that will produce 138 affordable units. The
department noted the developer was Lemle & Wolff, but did not mention that the
company was on the review list and owed $500,000 in back wages. As of last week,
the developer was down to $100,000. Lemle & Wolff did not return calls seeking
comment.

Last summer, when de Blasio showed up at a 124-unit development in Harlem called
Sugar Hill, workers were kept upstairs, away from the news conference. The
workers told The News they were being paid a fraction of what they were supposed
to get.

At the time, a Sugar Hill contractor, Mountco Construction, had been placed on
the enhanced review list, owing $610,000 in back wages. As of last week, Mountco
still owed $300,000, and is building more apartments at another project in the
Bronx, Common Ground. The alleged deliberate cheating of workers sits in sharp
contrast with de Blasio's promise to expand the so-called living wage to workers
across the city.

In September, the mayor signed an executive order expanding the city's living
wage law to include all employees of tenants in commercial projects that have
received more than $1 million in city subsidies. The mayor said the city was
"raising the floor for working families struggling to get by."

Yet some of the key contractors and developers helping him reach his affordable
housing goal have run projects where wage cheating was rampant, records show.

Lettire Construction owed $5.1 million in back wages when it was put on the
"enhanced review" program. Lettire is now working on Van Cortlandt Green in the
Bronx, 86 units of senior citizen housing facing the park. As of last week,
Lettire still owed $2.8 million. Lettire director Matthew Gross said Friday wage
problems at past projects have been eliminated and the firm now aggressively
monitors pay at the Van Cortlandt job.

"We have had a chance to work through the compliance issues," Gross said. "We're
doing everything we can to ensure that Lettire Construction is in compliance."

Mega Contracting got off the list earlier this year. Mega settled up by paying
$1.1 million in back wages owed by its subcontractors and agreeing to be
monitored on three projects.

The monitor gave the company a clean bill of health, and it was taken off the
list.

Notias Construction also got off the list, by paying off $500,000 in back wages.

[CHART]

JUST CALL THESE COMPANIES THE BIG OWES

CONTRACTOR WITHHELD PAY AT TIME OF ENHANCED REVIEW AMOUNT STILL OWED TO WORKERS

C & A General Contracting $500,000 $500,000

Delight Construction/U.S. Tech $500,000 $250,000

Galaxy General construction $1,401,496 $700,000

Great American Construction $771,644 $200,000

Lemle & Wolff $500,000 $100,000

Lettire Construction $5,177,596 $2,814,189

Mega Contracting $1,103,655 $0

Mountco Construction $610,000 $300,000

Notias Construction $500,000 $0

Procida Construction $830,000 undetermined

$11,894,392 $4,864,189

[MAP]

2311 Tiebout Ave.

Galaxy General construction.

6469 Broadway

Lettire Construction

803 Knickerbocker Ave.

Galaxy General construction

301 E. 99th St.

Procida Construction

1070 Washington Ave.

Great American Construction

230 W. 114th st.

Mega Contracting

BRONX

MANHATTAN

BROOKLYN

QUEENS

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS BY RICHARD HARBUS; ALEX RUD

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Daily News, L.P.


                             108 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                January 5, 1986, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

PERSPECTIVES: AFFORDABILITY;
Organizing to Build More Housing

BYLINE: By ALAN S. OSER

SECTION: Section 8; Page 6, Column 1; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 1234 words


IN a curious stroke of timing, Mayor Koch has formally sought the advice of
major developers in the city on how to pick up the pace of housing construction
at the very time that a formidably qualified committee of developers, former
housing officials, nonprofit producers and others has given him advice that may
take him aback.

The Mayor sent a letter to 34 developers two weeks ago, asking for suggestions
on how to meet an annual production target of 10,000 additional new or
substantially rehabilitated units of housing affordable to people of moderate to
middle income. These he defined as households with incomes of $15,000 to $48,000
a year.

What the city needs for such a production effort, the committee urged, is an
entirely new housing-delivery system, with a small, hard-driving public-benefit
corporation to lead it. The job cannot be done, the report said, by a large city
housing agency burdened with many regulatory and management tasks.

This was the most striking of several suggestions in a 77-page report published
last month by the Citizens Housing and Planning Council called ''On Its Own: New
York City Approaches Affordable Housing.'' It was prepared by Willa Appel,
executive director of the civic group, based on the recommendations of a
committee that included many experienced figures in the field of assisted
housing: Robert Berne, A. Carleton Dukess, Duncan Elder, Clara Fox, David
Gardner, Reuben S. Glick, Lee Goodwin, Peter Joseph, Sander Lehrer, Frances
Magee, Marvin Markus, Robert Seavey, Albert A. Walsh, William D. Wilson, Louis
Winnick and Kathryn Wylde.

''The Department of Housing Preservation and Development has a huge area of
responsibility as regulator, manager and lender for housing, roles which make it
inappropriate for the agency to act as housing development advocate and
initiator,'' the report says. ''Moreover, H.P.D. is subject to changing
priorities and political pressures which direct energy and attention away from
housing production.''

To be effective, the council says, a development agency must be small enough to
act quickly and to follow through on individual projects. It must be ''a
tenacious and focused housing entity distinct from other city agencies.''

The Housing Development Services Corporation would act as an ''interim
developer,'' seeking out necessary zoning actions, coordinating community and
public approvals and assembling financing for the construction companies that
would do the building. There would be both public and private members on the
corporation's board, appointed by the Mayor.

The corporation would be exempt from taxation, enabled to receive public funds,
and exempted from civil service procedures so that it could attract a staff
qualified in development and finance, the committee says.

Giving added force to this recommendation is the fact that it comes from a
committee that includes two former housing commissioners (Mr. Walsh and Mr.
Lehrer), a former deputy commissioner in charge of development (Mr. Joseph), and
past and present producers of assisted housing under city auspices (Mr. Elder,
Mr. Glick, Mrs. Fox and Miss Wylde).

Funds for the corporation's activities would come largely from another new
entity, the New York City Housing Trust. Its revenue would come mainly from the
incremental growth in city's share of the state mortgage-transfer tax and the
capital-gains tax, and 75 percent of the money collected by the
urban-development action grant revolving fund. It could also receive money from
private sources.

The Housing Trust would have the authority to make loans and grants to both
multifamily projects and home owners, including so-called up-front grants,
downpayment grants, construction loans, subordinate loans, and direct equity
investments. The Housing Development Services Corporation would be one of the
applicants for this assistance, but there could be other applicants as well.

The council's report reflects a widely held view that institutional changes as
well as financial assistance are needed for any large program in assisted
housing to take hold in the city. To many producers, the Department of Housing
Preservation and Development often seems as much an obstacle as an advocate in a
city in which development activity is subject to innumerable frustrations,
delays and uncertainties.

Many construction organizations are deterred from participating in city-assisted
housing efforts by a distaste for interminable, and therefore costly, city
processes; by a fear of undependable contractual arrangements, and by a disdain
for administrators of limited practical experience who lack decision-making
authority or seem to assume an adversarial role.

The term ''affordable housing'' has come to be used in the city to apply to any
housing that requires some level of governmental assistance to be affordable to
the market for which it is produced. Specifically, it has been used in the city
to refer to housing affordable to people who would qualify for State of New York
Mortgage Agency loans - households earning up to about $50,000 a year. THE Mayor
specifically sought guidance on production for the moderate-income spectrum
(household incomes of about $15,000 to $25,000) and the middle-income spectrum
($25,000 to $50,000). However, the toughest group to serve with new or
substantially rehabilitated housing, without Federal subsidies, is the
lower-income group.

The Citizens Housing and Planning Council report therefore stresses the
importance of sustaining the existing stock of buildings serving lower-income
people. It would provide a higher shelter allowance for welfare tenants in
buildings that maintain an acceptable level of services and amenities.

The current allowance - which is $270 a month for a family of four -virtually
insures that most people who receive welfare payments will live in substandard
housing, the report says. It should go up $125 in buildings that meet code
standards.

In addition, the council recommends a ''second tier'' of shelter allowances to
permit some welfare tenants to live in the assisted units built as part of
tax-exempt mixed-income housing development. Thus, if the rent for a
lower-income household were $500 a month in such an apartment, the shelter
allowance would have to rise $230 a month for a public-assistance household to
be able to move in.

Also, the report says that elderly low-income tenants who are not on welfare
should be brought into new tax-exempt buildings by further exemptions or cash
payments to owners to compensate for the tenants' lowered rents. IF it were
established, the Trust Fund would get revenue from private as well as public
sources, the council suggested. In an appendix, it mentioned as possibilities
the placing of an ''exaction'' on commercial development or conventionally
financed ''luxury'' residential construction.

The fund might also receive cash contributions from builders wishing to receive
Section 421a tax benefits within the excluded area - Manhattan south of 96th
Street - in lieu of pledges to produce lower-income units elsewhere.

In effect, the Trust Fund would become a new financing engine for housing
without necessarily utilizing a controversial source of funds - exactions for
zoning allowances, as practiced, for example, in San Francisco. That practice
opens the door to charges of ''zoning for sale.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             109 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 18, 1988, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Q and A

BYLINE: By RICHARD D. LYONS

SECTION: Section 10; Page 7, Column 4; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 584 words



Litigating Shareholders

Question: When a shareholder of a cooperative apartment corporation sues the
corporation he is, in effect, suing himself. With that in mind, should a
shareholder be required to pay his portion of the corporation's legal fee if he
does sue, or may he withold his share when paying his maintenance charge? . . .
L. K. Hopewell Junction, N.Y.

Answer: Arthur I. Weinstein, a Manhattan lawyer specializing in real estate
issues, replied that such a shareholder ''would have no legal justification
whatsoever in withholding funds in this way.'' Mr. Weinstein said Section 216 of
the Internal Revenue Service Code, which deals with cooperative corporations,
states that their costs must be apportioned equally among the shareholders.

''Nothing prevents the suing shareholder from asking the court for relief of his
legal fees and a judge might consider the adjustment of his maintenance, but it
would not reduce his original legal obligation,'' Mr. Weinstein said, adding
that ''there is no built-in mechanism for him to escape his share of the legal
costs of a suit against his corporation.''

Applying for a SCRIE

Question: I want to apply for a Senior Citizen Rent Increase Exemption (known in
legalese as ''SCRIE'') and wonder what factors are considered by the Department
of Housing Preservation and Development when deciding whether to grant such an
exemption. Could you please provide precise details governing eligibility for
the program, usually known as a means test? . . . A. E., Manhattan

Answer: Barrington Wright, assistant commissioner for rent policy and regulation
of the Department of Housing Preservation and Development, noted that last month
the limit on disposable income for someone seeking a SCRIE was raised from
$12,025 to $15,000 a year as a result of earlier action by the Board of
Estimate.

Mr. Wright said the eligibility requirements for a SCRIE involve four factors:
An applicant must be at least 62 years old; the combined income of the applicant
and all family members living in the applicant's household cannot exceed $15,000
a year; the applicant must be paying at least one-third of his income for rent,
and the applicant must live in a rent-regulated apartment - one that is either
rent controlled, or rent stabilized - or in a Mitchell-Lama project.

Applications may be obtained by phoning 566-5541, or in person or by writing
from the housing agency's Division of Rent Policy and Regulation, 17 John
Street, New York, N.Y. 10038. An unsuccessful applicant may also file an appeal
with the same agency.

Widow's Right to a Lease

Question: My husband moved into a rent-stabilized apartment in 1967. When we
married in 1982 I moved into the apartment as well. My husband died last April.
I have asked the management company to correct their records to reflect my
tenancy in the apartment but they have not done so. Will I be permitted to renew
the lease at the stabilized rent when the lease expires next month even though
my name is not on the document? . . . K. B., Manhattan

Answer: David L. Smith, a real estate partner of the Manhattan law firm of Rand,
Rosenzweig, Smith & Radley, said a renewal of the lease certainly would be
permitted in this case. Mr. Smith said according to Section 2523 of the Rent
Stabilization Code ''any member of a tenant's immediate family who has lived in
the apartment . . . since the commencement of the relationship shall be entitled
to be named as a party to a renewal lease.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing

TYPE: Question

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             110 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 9, 1981, Monday, Late City Final Edition

THE CITY;
Landlords Penalized On Heat Charges

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 119 words


Landlords charged with failing to provide heat and hot water are barred from
getting two-party rent checks from welfare tenants under a new city policy.

The policy was announced by Stanley Brezenoff, Human Resources Administrator,
and Anthony B. Gliedman, Commissioner of Housing Preservation and Development.
Thirty-seven landlords have so far been cut off from two-party rent checks for
81 welfare households.

Two-party checks require signatures of both a welfare recipient and a landlord.
They are issued when welfare clients have failed to pay rent for at least two
months. They prevent a tenant from diverting a rent grant for other uses.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             111 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

New York City Urged to Review Tax Abatements

                            August 14, 1981, Friday

DATELINE: ALBANY


New York State Comptroller Edward V. Regan, in his latest report on New York
City's property tax exemption and abatement programs, continued to urge the city
to track the programs more carefully to determine if they are achieving their
goals.

Criticizing the way in which the city keeps data on the various programs, the
comptroller said, "It is difficult, if not impossible, to determine the
programs' cost effectiveness using the data presently available."

The comptroller recommended that the city conduct a comprehensive review of the
programs, define the incentives' objectives more carefully, and collect data in
such a way as to make cost-benefit analysis easier.

He also urged the city to "limit tax breaks to those cases where construction or
improvements would not be undertaken without tax incentives."

Property tax revenues foregone by the city through its major tax incentive
programs have risen 47% since fiscal 1979 to $156 million this fiscal year, the
report said.

"These millions of dollars in foregone tax revenues can be seen essentially as
funds that have to be compensated for by other taxpayers, or as services that
the city does not render to its citizens," Mr. Regan said.  "As such, tax
incentive programs should be scrutinized and justified as carefully as those
expenditures which are presented in the city's financial plan."

"The city's goal should be to target and administer the tax incentives to
realize maximum benefits at the least possible cost to the taxpayers," Mr. Regan
said.

He also suggested that the city consider changing its system of control over the
programs, in which responsibility is divided among the Industrial and Commercial
Incentive Board, the city's Finance Department and the Department of Housing
Preservation and Development, in favor of a centralized and consolidated agency.

The programs reviewed in the comptroller's report were the J-51 program, which
resulted in $59 million in tax breaks for fiscal 1981; the senior citizen tax
incentive programs, $46 million; the 421-a and 421-b incentives, $32 million and
$3 million, respectively; the Industrial and Commercial Incentive Board, $11
million; and the Industrial Development Agency, $6 million.

The report paid particular attention to the J-51 program, which encourages the
conversion of non-residential buildings to multiple dwellings and the
rehabilitation of multiple dwellings.  Tax revenues foregone under the program
rose from $41 million in fiscal 1979 to $58 million in 1981 -- 75% of which went
to properties in Manhattan, largely in higher-income areas, Mr. Regan said.

Although the city has recently acted to limit the use of J-51s in Manhattan, Mr.
Regan noted, the revised law still permits tax reductions to properties in the
area's business district, where property values and investor interest have grown
dramatically.

The comptroller questioned the need to grant for 32 years the 100% tax exemption
on the assessed value of multiple dwellings that have under-gone moderate
rehabilitation, in contrast to the regular 12-year period for the other J-51
programs.

The city also should extend its efforts to study the costs and relative benefits
of incentive and abatment programs in the boroughs outside Manhattan, Mr. Regan
said.

The comptroller urged the city to attempt to distinguish between growth in
assessed value due to improvements and that due to a rise in the economic value
of a property.

He also urged that the programs be more tightly administrated, noting that the
Department of Housing Preservation and Development has been cited in various
audits for consistent failure to obtain required documentation from applicants
and for poor audit procedures.

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 628 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1981 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             112 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

House and Senate Conferees Eliminate Funding for Drinking Water Program

                              May 15, 1995, Monday

By Heather Ann Hope

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


House and Senate conferees have agreed to eliminate funding for a proposed
revolving loan fund that would help state and local governments finance the
construction of drinking water treatment plants.

But the negotiators also agreed to restore funds for the popular Community
Development Block Grant program and the low-income housing preservation program.

The funding decisions came as negotiators inched toward agreement late last week
on overall legislation to rescind more than $13 billion in current-year spending
that had been approved by Congress in previous fiscal years.

While the conferees reached agreement on the funding cuts for Environmental
Protection Agency and Department of Housing and Urban Development programs, they
are not expected to finish hammering out the entire package of so-called
rescissions and emergency supplemental funding until later this week.

The agreement reached by the negotiators adopted the measure approved by the
House in March, which called for the elimination of the entire $1.3 billion
appropriated over the last two years for a new state revolving loan fund
program. That program was to be created as part of legislation Congress is
supposed to consider later this year to renew the safe drinking program. The
Senate-approved version would have retained $800 million for the revolving fund.

The drinking water revolving loan program would be modeled after a program
created in 1987 that helps state and local governments finance the construction
of wastewater treatment plants. Under the revolving loan program, states are
able to leverage the federal funds they receive by issuing tax-exempt bonds.

Eliminating the money set aside for the drinking water revolving fund would
"make it difficult to resuscitate that program. If the (drinking water) bill is
authorized this year ... the availability of funding would have made it easier
to get the program started," said James N. Smith, executive director of the
Council of Infrastructure Financing Authorities.

Smith said he was relieved that the conferees chose not cut the existing
wastewater revolving fund, "but ultimately saddened because the effect is that
the cuts will reduce the overall amount in the water infrastructure fund," he
said.

In the housing area, conferees agreed to cut $6.3 billion in spending for
housing and community development programs, but restored $349 million for the
Community Development Block Grant program. The Senate proposed leaving the
program intact while the House proposed rescinding the $349 million. The move
keeps CDBG funding at its fiscal 1995 level.

Conferees followed a Senate recommendation and left intact $406 million for a
HUD low-income housing preservation program, but proposed delaying paying out
the money until the end of the fiscal year, Sept. 30. Under the program, private
nonprofit organizations have been issuing tax-exempt bonds to finance
multifamily housing projects. The House proposed eliminating the $406 million.


SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 500 words

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1995 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             113 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Senate Committee Cuts Less From HUD, EPA Than House

                             March 27, 1995, Monday

By Heather Ann Hope and Joan Pryde

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The Senate Appropriations Committee approved legislation Friday that would make
less severe cuts to fiscal 1995 allocations in federal housing programs and a
proposed drinking water revolving loan fund than a bill passed by the House
earlier this month.

However, the committee, chaired by Sen. Mark O. Hatfield, R-Ore., voted to
rescind $443 million from a wastewater grant program that the House left
untouched.

The committee voted 27 to 1 to rescind $13.2 billion in current-year funding for
a number of domestic programs including $800 million for a drinking water loan
program that, if created, would make it easier for states to issue tax-exempt
bonds. That compares with $1.3 billion cut from the loan program in the House
bill.

The committee's proposal for cutting $4.6 billion from 1995 allocations for
Department of Housing and Urban Development programs is far less draconian than
the House bill, which proposes $7.2 billion in rescissions.

The Senate panel spared the Community Development Block Grant program, which
would lose $350 million under the House bill. The committee also declined to
follow the House's lead in virtually abolishing the low-income housing
preservation program, under which private, nonprofit organizations have been
gearing up to issue tax-exempt bonds to buy housing projects.

Earlier this month the House voted to rescind a total of $17.3 billion in
current-year funding that included eliminating the entire $1.3 billion budget of
the drinking water revolving loan fund because it had not yet been created.

Even though the Senate committee's bill would rescind a total of $1.24 billion
from the Environmental Protection Agency's water infrastructure program, it
would leave $500 million in the drinking water loan fund "with the expectation
that this program will be authorized in the near future," according to a
committee document.

Sen. Christopher Bond, R-Mo., chairman of the Senate Appropriations subcommittee
that oversees EPA and HUD, was pressured by local governments ready for the
program to leave some money in the fund, said Diane Shea, associate legislative
director for the National Association of Counties.

Under the existing wastewater revolving loan fund program that is part of the
Clean Water Act, states use the revolving funds to leverage their federal
dollars by issuing tax-exempt bonds to help finance the construction and
maintenance of wastewater treatment plants. The drinking water revolving loan
program would be modeled after the wastewater program.

The Senate Environment and Public Works Committee is expected to begin action on
the drinking water reauthorization bill next month, with the House following
close behind.

In the housing area, the Senate committee originally had been expected to make
small cuts in both the CDBG and HOME programs. The subcommittee overseeing HUD
and the EPA had tentatively proposed cutting $130 million from CDBG and $125
million from HOME, according to a subcommittee document. But no cuts in either
program were made by the full committee.

Under the appropriations bill passed last year, the block grant program is
supposed to receive $4.6 billion in fiscal 1995 and the HOME program $1.4
billion.

The House's proposal for the low-income housing preservation program would
rescind $465 million, or nearly all the program's funding for the current year
as well as allocations for previous years that have not yet been spent.

The Senate committee proposed, instead, to delay paying out the $465 million
until later this year. The committee said the delay would give Congress time to
draft legislation to make needed reforms in the program. If no legislation
passes, the $465 million would be released to the program in November.

The preservation program, created in 1990, was designed to provide financial
incentives for multifamily project owners not to prepay their federally insured
loans and turn the properties into market rate units. Instead, the owners were
supposed to sell to private, nonprofit organizations. But bureaucratic delays
have kept deals from being completed under the program until recently.


SECTION: Pg. 5

LENGTH: 691 words

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1995 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             114 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  The Leader-Times (Kittanning, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 5, 2014 Saturday

Home improvement grants coming to Armstrong

BYLINE: Brad Pedersen, The Leader Times, Kittanning, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 230 words


July 05--A housing grant could help about a dozen low-income families in
Armstrong County fix up their homes.

Officials in the Armstrong County Department of Planning and Development applied
for a $65,000 housing preservation grant from the Department of Agriculture.

The county will match the grant with $65,000 from its annual housing trust,
which is funded by fees from recording deeds and mortgages, said Carmen Johnson,
the department's assistant director.

"The money will cover general improvements such as updating a roof, furnace or
replacing carpeting," Johnson said. "It's not for bigger things, like adding
onto their home."

Homeowners qualify for the program depending upon their annual household income.
For example, a single person can make no more than $19,950 annually to be
eligible, while a family of four cannot bring in more than $28,450, according to
the USDA website.

Families could receive up to $10,000 for improvements, Johnson said.

Johnson expects the funding will be available by the end of the year. Families
can apply for the program by calling the Department of Planning and Development.

Brad Pedersen is a staff writer for Trib Total Media. He can be reached at
724-543-1303, ext. 1337, or bpedersen@tribweb.com

___ (c)2014 The Leader Times (Kittanning, Pa.) Visit The Leader Times
(Kittanning, Pa.) at www.triblive.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140705-KT-Home-improvement-grants-coming-to-Armstrong-0705-20140705

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KT


                        Copyright 2014 The Leader-Times


                             115 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               New York Observer

                               February 13, 2009

Bloomberg Taps Former Insider Cestero for Top Housing Job

LENGTH: 377 words


Mayor Bloomberg has tapped a former deputy commissioner for the city's top
housing job, as he announced this morning that Rafael Cestero will be the new
commissioner of the Department of Housing Preservation and Development.

Mr. Cestero, who left the city for the nonprofit Enterprise in 2007, takes the
spot recently left vacant by Shaun Donovan, who became President Obama's HUD
secretary.

Formerly the deputy commissioner for development, Mr. Cestero had a large hand
in crafting and managing the city's ambitious affordable housing plan.

Many tools within that plan, however, were aimed to leverage a strong market to
create tens of thousands of units of below-market-rate housing. Now many of the
plan's tools and programs have been paralyzed or weakened, leaving Mr. Cestero
with a partially completed plan that faces major challenges.

The use of inclusionary housing, for instance, has slowed dramatically as it
relies on developers building in newly rezoned areas; the Federal Low Income
Housing Tax Credit, used for numerous programs citywide, has been paralyzed by
the economic crisis, ivering far less subsidy to affordable housing developers;
and the city's budget office, which frequently sparred with Mr. Donovan over
using capital money for his housing plan, has cut the size of the city's capital
plan by 30 percent after effectively cutting it last year by 20 percent, putting
direct government subsidy in shorter supply.

Mr. Cestero, appearing alongside Mayor Bloomberg this morning, acknowledged that
change would be needed, saying officials would have to "roll up our sleeves and
think about new ways to get it done."

Mayor Bloomberg repeated his commitment to his 10-year housing plan to create
and preserve 165,000 units citywide, which has been stretched out by a year.

With counsel from Mr. Donovan, city officials honed in on Mr. Cestero weeks ago,
though the announcement did not come until this morning. Also at today's
announcement, Mr. Bloomberg indicated he was opposed to the repeal of the
Urstadt Law, which would give the city, not Albany, control over much of its
housing regulation policy. As Azi Paybarah notes at PolitickerNY, that stance
puts him at odds with Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver and Council Speaker
Christine Quinn.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Observer, L.P.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             116 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 23, 1986, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Q AND A

BYLINE: By Dee Wedemeyer

SECTION: Section 8; Page 9, Column 5; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 549 words


Roosevelt Island Rentals Question: I have read several reports about plans for
new housing on Roosevelt Island. How can I apply for these units? . . . I.J.
Manhattan Answer: Starrett Housing Corporation, the developer, has no rental
information now, but you can write to its rental agency, Grenadier Realty, 1230
Pennsylvania Avenue, Brooklyn, N.Y. 11239. When information becomes available,
it will be sent to you. Tracking an Abatement Question: How can I find out if
the owner of a building is applying for a J-51 tax abatement? I am particularly
interested in the building at 307 West 87th Street. . . . C.F.S., Manhattan
Answer: According to Larry Finkelstein, director of tax incentive programs in
the city's Housing Preservation and Development Department, the building has
been receiving J-51 tax abatements since 1977.

For information on other buildings, call the J-51 program office at 566-0620.
You need both the address and the block and lot numbers of the building. To
obtain the block and lot number, call the real property assessment bureau for
your borough. Rattling Radiators Question: When the heat comes on in my building
it makes an unbearable noise. Neither the building superintendent nor the
plumber have been able to stop the banging. What can I do? . . . L.S., Manhattan
Answer: Your problem sounds like water hammer, which can be a tricky matter. You
might suggest that your landlord Redinger call the Apartment House Institute's
energy help line at 239-1629. The institute, which is part of the New York City
Technical College, has a state grant to help with energy-related problems.

The City Department of Housing Preservation and Development has what it calls a
''Teach and Tag'' program. For $75 the city will send a technician to test
combustion-efficiency, ''tag'' essential parts of the heating plant and supply
information for your particular problem. Call 566-6456 for ''Teach and Tag.''

The Energy Efficiency Council of New York, a trade association, will supply a
list of engineers familiar with this problem. Call 505-7510.

Your lease entitles you to maintenance and quiet enjoyment of your apartment,
says Thomas R. Viola, assistant commissioner of the state's Division of Housing
and Community Renewal. Should your landlord not solve your problem, you could
file a reduction in services complaint with the division or see an attorney
familiar with such issues to discuss further action. Fee for a Sublease
Question: When I obtained a sublease, the prime tenant charged a fee for the
attorney to draft the sublease document. Is this fee legal? . . . A.R. Manhattan
Answer: The tenant cannot pass on a legal fee for preparing the sublease
document. Mr. Viola says the only fees authorized for sublets are: a 10 percent
fee for use of the prime tenant's furniture and - if the prime tenant's lease is
a renewal lease, not the original one -the landlord can charge a surcharge
equivalent to the vacancy increase allowance permitted by the Rent Guidelines
Board in effect when the prime lease commenced. The tenant can pass it on to the
subtenant. Address questions to Real Estate Q & A, The New York Times, 229 West
43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036. Answers can be given only through the column.
Please include name, address and daytime telephone.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing

TYPE: Question

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             117 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright (c) 2016 Center for New York City Law
                                    CITYLAW

                              March / April, 2016

                                    CityLaw

                                 22 City Law 27

LENGTH: 318 words

ARTICLE: CITYREGS UPDATE *





   * For comprehensive and timely notification of the City's regulations
subscribe to CityRegs, a bi-weekly electronic newsletter.

 TEXT:
 [*27]  HOUSING PRESERVATION & DEVELOPMENT

HPD proposes extension of 421-a

   The "421-a Extended Affordability Program Rules" would provide a 10 to 15
year extension to eligible buildings enrolled in the program prior to its
expiration. On March 14, 2016, the Department of Housing Preservation and
Development proposed two agency rules to extend the 421-a real property tax
exemption program for those who already had been benefiting from the program
prior to its expiration in June 2015. The State authorized HPD to promulgate the
new rules on June 26, 2015 via Chapter 20 of the Laws of 2015, which gave the
City authorization to partially preserved and revise 421-a.

   The first rule HPD proposed is the "421-a Extended Affordability Program
Rules" which would grant an additional 10 to 15 years of tax exemption benefits
to residential rental buildings already enrolled in the 421-a program. The new
rule would only apply to buildings that provide evidence of compliance with the
20-percent affordability provision and which set aside an additional five
percent of their rental units for individuals and families with annual earnings
at or below 130 percent of the area median income. Eligible buildings that had
previously been granted a 20-year benefit period would be awarded a 15-year
extension, and buildings previously granted a 25-year benefit period would be
awarded a 10-year extension.

   The second rule HPD proposed is an amendment to its existing 421-a Rules. The
amended rule would implement the State-authorized extension of the existing
program. The specific conditions proposed by HPD require that 30 percent of the
residential units on floors containing affordable housing units be market-rate.
Additionally, HPD proposed to implement Chapter 20's required specifications
pertaining to shared common entrances and common areas.

CityRecord, March 14, 2016, at 897

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Tax LawState & Local TaxesReal Property TaxExemptions


                             118 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Michigan)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           October 28, 2015 Wednesday

BRIEF: GT Band receives housing grant

BYLINE: The Record-Eagle, Traverse City, Mich.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 130 words


Oct. 28--TRAVERSE CITY -- The Grand Traverse Band of Ottawa and Chippewa Indians
received USDA money to repair rural homes.

The band received $24,261 through the agency's Housing Preservation Grant
program, according to a USDA press release. Grants can be used for energy
efficiency and weatherization improvements or to fix up houses so they comply
with health and safety codes.

Grants will be distributed to individual homeowners and owners of multi-family
rental properties or cooperative dwellings who rent to low- and very low-income
residents.

The USDA distributed a total of $3.7 million through the program nationwide.

___ (c)2015 The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Mich.) Visit The Record-Eagle
(Traverse City, Mich.) at record-eagle.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151028-ZK-BRF-GT-Band-receives-housing-grant-1028-20151028

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZK


                        Copyright 2015 The Record-Eagle


                             119 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            October 17, 2004 Sunday
                              Correction Appended
                              Late Edition - Final

A Happy Ending for a Troubled Building

BYLINE: By NADINE BROZAN

SECTION: Section 11; Column 4; Real Estate Desk; POSTINGS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 674 words


TO all but the most untutored eye, the abstract curlicue design etched into the
transom over the front door at 789 MacDonough Street in Brooklyn is simply
decorative.

But it is, in fact, a West African tribal symbol for strength, a quality
residents have needed in abundance over the more than two decades that their
building sank into debt and decay and faced foreclosure.

Now they have cause to celebrate. Through their own perseverance and with the
help of the city and the Urban Homesteading Assistance Board, their home, a
41-unit, six-story limited-equity co-op in the Ocean Hill-Brownsville section of
Brooklyn, is back on sure footing.

The building is the first to benefit from legislation enacted two years ago by
the state that forgives real estate tax debts, interest and penalties accrued
before Jan. 1, 2001, by limited-equity cooperatives. The co-ops have income
ceilings for tenants, who in turn can sell their units for only a limited
profit.

To qualify, the buildings, acquired by the city through tax foreclosures and
then sold to former renters for $250 an apartment, must agree to comply with a
set of regulations and be subject to oversight by the city's Department of
Housing Preservation and Development.

''With property values up, it would be easy for someone to come in, pay the back
taxes and systematically remove the residents who are, for the most part,
working class or poor and principally minorities,'' said Vito Lopez, chairman of
the Housing Committee of the State Assembly and author of the bill. ''The city
has now given up a prospective $20 million to $30 million in property taxes to
save 4,500 units of housing, all in poor and marginal communities that are
starting to change. It is imperative to allow people who lived there in
difficult times to stay.''

There are about 950 of the limited equity co-ops, known as Housing Development
Fund Corporations, in the city, of which 175 are eligible for tax relief,
according to Department of Housing Preservation and Development. So far, 10 have
gained approval.

Like numerous other buildings with tax arrears, 789 MacDonough Street has had a
troubled history, neglected by landlords before the city took over in 1977 and
by managers appointed by community agencies since then.

''For five years, we had no elevator, no heat and no repairs,'' said Deborah
Nunez, a resident of 40 years and vice president of the board, who is employed
as a purchasing manager for the District Council 37 union.

In 1989, the tenants bought the building for $10,000, the standard price for the
low-income co-ops, no matter what their size. One manager after another was
brought in to run the property, but like their predecessors, neglected the
building and dodged its tax assessments and water bills.

''In 1999, we learned we were going into foreclosure because we owed more than
$360,000, said Emma Oliver, president of the board, who is a retired registered
nurse. ''We trusted people. We didn't know the taxes weren't being paid.''

The Urban Homesteading Assistance Board, a nonprofit technical assistance
organization, stepped in to help residents apply for loans from the National
Cooperative Bank and the city and acquire some grants.

''There was no tax relief at the time, but they were determined to save the
building even if it meant borrowing $450,000,'' said Ann Henderson, the board's
associate director for co-op preservation. The tax relief legislation passed,
reducing the loan from the Cooperative Bank to $240,000.

An additional loan for $230,000 from the Department of Housing Preservation and
Development was used to steam-clean and repoint the brick facade, repair
masonry, install a new sidewalk and elevator, upgrade the boiler and spruce up
the lobby.

''I've seen the good, the bad -- and now the beautiful,'' said Constance Wesley,
Ms. Nunez's 76-year-old mother, who moved into the building in 1964. ''It was
heartbreaking what we went through. All we wanted was a livable place with
service. This is so much more.''

Big Deal will return on Oct. 24.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: October 24, 2004



CORRECTION: Because of an editing error, the Postings column last Sunday, about
state legislation that forgives certain tax debts for limited-equity co-ops in
New York City, misstated the standard price that tenants are charged for many
buildings acquired by the city through tax foreclosures. It is $250 per unit,
not $10,000 per building.


GRAPHIC: Photo: FINANCIALLY SOUND -- Building owners at 789 MacDonough Street in
Brooklyn have benefited from state legislation that forgives certain real estate
tax debts. (Photo by Don Hogan Charles/The New York Times)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                             120 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               December 16, 2011

Delegation announces grant award

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 127  words


Sen. Tom Carper, Sen. Chris Coons and Rep. John Carney announced i $50,000
grant, award from the US. Department of Agriculture to Kent County Levy Court
and Sussex County Council for housing preservation initiatives in Kent and
Sussex counties.

These Rural Development funds will be used to provide grants to very low - and
low-income homeowners to repair their homes and remove substandard condition;;.
The grants will be distributed to homeowners and owners of multifamily rental
properties or cooperative dwellings who rent to low-income residents. The grants
may be used to make general repairs, such as installing or improving plumbing,
or providing or enhancing access to people with disabilities. Funding could also
be used to make homes more energy efficient.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2011 Cape Gazette


                             121 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 6, 2012

Delegation announces $50,000 grant award

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 127  words


Sen. Tom Carper, Sen. Chris Coons, and Rep. John Carney announced a $50,000
grant award from the U.S. Department of Agriculture to Kent County Levy Court
and Sussex County Council for housing preservation initiatives in Kent and
Sussex counties.

These Rural Development funds will be used to provide grants to very low - and
low-income homeowners to repair their homes and remove substandard conditions.

The grants will be distributed to homeowners and owners of multifamily rental
properties or cooperative dwellings who rent to low-income residents.

The grants may be used to make general repairs, such as installing or improving
plumbing, or providing or enhancing access to people with disabilities.

Funding could also be used to make homes more energy efficient.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2012 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2012 Cape Gazette


                             122 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         Cape Gazette (Lewes, Delaware)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 11, 2011

Congressmen name grant award;
Briefly &#187;

BYLINE: Cape Gazette staff

LENGTH: 114  words


Sen. Tom Carper, Sen. Chris Coons, and Rep. John Carney announced a $50,000
grant award from the U.S. Department of Agriculture to Kent County Levy Court
and Sussex County Council for housing preservation initiatives in Kent and
Sussex counties.

These Rural Development funds will be used to provide grants to very low- and
low-income homeowners to repair their homes and remove substandard conditions.
The grants will be distributed to homeowners and owners of multifamily rental
properties or cooperative dwellings who rent to low-income residents. Grants may
be used to make repairs, such as installing or improving plumbing, or providing
or enhancing access to people with disabilities.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CPG

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2011 Cape Gazette


                             123 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                           October 7, 2009 Wednesday

Tierra Del Sol gets grant

BYLINE: Sun-News report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 113 words


ANTHONY - Tierra Del Sol Housing Corporation in Anthony has been awarded a
$121,848 grant through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development
Housing Preservation Grant program, U.S. Senator Jeff Bingaman announced Friday.

The New Mexico nonprofit will use the funding to repair and rehabilitate the
homes of five low and very-low income families in designated colonia areas of
Do-a Ana County. In addition to the USDA grant, Tierra Del Sol will provide more
than $300,000 from other sources.

"The grant awarded today will make it possible for Tierra Del Sol to improve the
lives of several families in Anthony by helping ensure they have affordable
housing," Bingaman said.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2009 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             124 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                          September 23, 1999, Thursday

MERCHANT'S BIG MOVE EXPANDED STORE 'A DREAM COME TRUE'

BYLINE: By DONALD BERTRAND DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: Suburban; Pg.  2

LENGTH: 569 words


As he stood behind the counter of his recently expanded sports apparel store,
Ortner (Von) Murray was beaming.

With its track lighting, bright yellow walls and specially designed display
cases, Von's Sportswear looked more like it belonged on the trendy West Side of
Manhattan than on Northern Blvd. in Corona.

But the Corona location is just fine with Murray; in fact, he says, it's "a
dream come true."

"It was relentless pursuit of this building," he said in his Trinidadian accent.
"I just never gave up."

"This building" is 106-13 Northern Blvd., which stood vacant for 33 years. For
more than a decade, Murray had been trying to convince the city to sell him the
property, which is adjacent to Von's Sportswear at 106-11 Northern Blvd.

In all those years, due to a succession of problems, including the demolition of
a nearby property, Murray was never able to get control of the building.

Nevertheless, he took care of it. He put up security gates, covered the roof
with tarp and secured the perimeter to keep out vandals.

"This was my building," he would say.

Murray had eyed the vacant property next door ever since he opened Von's
Sportswear 30 years ago. But the need for expansion became even more imperative
as the business grew and after his son Gerald launched a line of clothing called
SOHK (School of Hard Knocks).

Then, in 1996, StoreWorks, a partnership between the Neighborhood Housing
Services and the city Department of Housing Preservation and Development, was
born.

Under the StoreWorks program, vacant city-owned buildings on commercial strips
are gut-rehabilitated and then turned over at market value to small-business
owners, home buyers and investors in the community.

StoreWorks opened the door for Murray to acquire 106-11 Northern Blvd. At
ribbon-cutting ceremonies this past Tuesday marking the grand opening of the
newly expanded store, local elected officials and representatives of Housing
Preservation and Development were on hand.

"Von has been a great merchant on this boulevard. He is a merchant who has not
closed his eyes to his surroundings. He has been chair of the board of Elmcor
Center [a community center for the Elmhurst-Corona area] and active in our
community in many other ways," said Councilwoman Helen Marshall (D-Corona, East
Elmhurst).

"Northern Blvd. needs stores like this that service the community," said
Marshall.

"If you look back on the history of the boulevard, there was a Woolworth's;
there was a Grants; there were furniture stores; there were great bakeries. All
these things existed on this boulevard at one time," the councilwoman said.
"Now, with the opening of School of Hard Knocks-Von's, I am looking forward to a
rejuvenation of the boulevard and I only hope it continues to grow and grow."

HPD Deputy Commissioner Kimberly Hardy said, "The Murray family has put their
blood, sweat and tears into this building and has helped NHS and HPD to better
the community by taking on the job of expanding their business."

"We are interested in having more community members do just that; expanding
their business when possible or creating new businesses," Hardy said.

At Tuesday's ceremony, Murray said his son's part of the business a line of
urban-style clothing has taken off. At a recent major clothing convention in Las
Vegas it received a number of awards and critical acclaim from the industry.


LOAD-DATE: September 24, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BILL TURNBULL DAILY NEWS SNAZZY Ortner (Von) Murray is celebrating
recent acquisition of the building next door to his Von's Sportswear in Corona.
Expanded store incudes clothing line designed by his son Gerald.

                        Copyright 1999 Daily News, L.P.


                             125 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

House Passes Bill to Cut Programs; Munis Affected

                             March 17, 1995, Friday

By Heather Ann Hope and Joan Pryde

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The House narrowly approved legislation yesterday to eliminate all existing
funding for a proposed drinking water revolving loan program and to sharply cut
several housing programs important to the municipal market.

The House voted 227 to 200 to rescind $17.3 billion in current-year funding for
a number of domestic programs including $1.3 billion for a drinking water
revolving loan program that, if created, would have made it easier for states to
issue tax-exempt bonds.

A total of $7.2 billion of the spending cuts would come from Department of
Housing and Urban Development programs, including the Community Development
Block Grant program, the Section 8 rent subsidy program, and the low-income
housing preservation program.

In the face of growing opposition to the bill from moderate Republicans and
conservative Democrats, House Speaker Newt Gingrich, R-Ga., announced Wednesday
that the savings from the so-called rescissions bill would be used to reduce the
federal budget deficit, not to offset the $189 billion package of GOP tax cuts.

It is unclear whether the Senate will cut as deeply as the House, since several
House proposals have slowed considerably once they have reached the Senate. But
Senate staff members have said that unobligated programs like the drinking water
revolving fund are fair game because the money has gone unused.

Congress approved a total of $1.3 billion for the proposed revolving loan
program in fiscal 1994 and 1995, but failed last year to approve legislation to
renew the Safe Drinking Water Act, which would have formally created the new
fund.

Even though the legislation that created the overall drinking water program
expired in fiscal 1992, the appropriations committees continued funding while it
waiting for it to be renewed.

Under an existing loan fund program that is part of the Clean Water Act, states
use the revolving funds to leverage their federal dollars by issuing tax-exempt
bonds to help finance the construction and maintenance of wastewater treatment
plants. The drinking water revolving loan program would have been modeled after
the wastewater program.

Supporters of the drinking water revolving fund said they will still push for
its creation, but accept that once it is authorized it will take longer to get
it up and running because they would have to wait for an appropriation.

In the housing area, the House bill would cut $350 million from the block grant
program's fiscal 1995 allocation of $4.6 billion, a reduction that Housing
Secretary Henry Cisneros has warned would financially strain state and local
governments who have already budgeted for the funds.

Another $2.7 billion would be cut from the Section 8 rent subsidy program. The
decrease would not eliminate any rent certificates, but would prevent the
planned issuance of 62,000 new ones.

In addition, the bill would cut $465 million from the low-income housing
preservation program. That amount represents nearly all funding for the current
year as well as allocations for previous years that have not yet been spent.

The preservation program, created in 1990, was designed to provide financial
incentives for multifamily housing project owners not to prepay their federally
insured loans and turn the properties into market-rate units. Instead, the
owners were supposed to sell to private, nonprofit organizations who were
expected to issue tax-exempt bonds to finance the purchase of the properties.

Due to regulatory delays, the program got off the ground only recently, and the
first deals are now in the works. Housing lawyers said the rescission, if
enacted, would effectively kill the program.


SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 611 words

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1995 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             126 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                              May 21, 2007 Monday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

GETTING BIG WINNERS IN DA HOUSE. Being chosenn to buy a home through a city
lottery requires luck, patience and preparation

BYLINE: BY LORE CROGHAN

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 806 words


In New York, winning the lottery doesn't just mean striking it rich - it can
also mean landing a home that fits a low- or middle-income family's budget.

To play the housing lottery, you start at the city Department of Housing
Preservation and Development's Web site. It's where developers, who get
subsidies from the city, are matched up with qualified buyers.

Builders typically agree to sell housing at a discount in exchange for
subsidies, such as tax breaks or cheap land from the city. Each project has
specific income limits. In low-income development, buyers can earn up to $56,000
a year for a family of four; middle-income projects allow earnings from $57,000
to $99,000 for a family of four.

About 4,500 subsidized homes for sale are built each year, agency spokesman
Neill Coleman said. Two-thirds are for low-income purchasers - part of an effort
to keep gentrification from driving residents out of resurgent nabes.

"We want the rebuilding of our communities to be something that happens for the
people who live in them, not to the people who live in them," Coleman said.

Due to big demand, the homes are sold through lotteries.

"You need patience and perseverance," he advised.

Indeed - developments draw several thousand applicants. There were more than
2,500 applicants for Glenmore Gardens in East New York, Brooklyn, even though
only nine two-family houses were offered.

At any given time, between 200 and 500 homes are available through lotteries.
They are listed on nyc.gov/hpd - click on the tab marked Homebuyers.

Recent offerings include seven three-family houses in Mott Haven, the Bronx, and
130 condos in the Rockaways in Queens.

To be alerted when new lotteries are announced, click on "sign up for e-mail
updates" below the online services listing.

A common misconception about the lotteries is that, after you apply for one,
you're automatically included for future drawings, when the city actually
requires applicants to file separately for each lottery. You can have your name
in multiple lotteries.

When application deadlines pass, Housing Preservation and Development staffers
and a representative for the developer gather the applications and put them in a
big plastic bag, then choose some randomly.

They check to ensure applicants are income-eligible.

For half the homes for sale, they must find applicants who live in the area
where the development is to be built.

They also must choose city police officers for 5% of the homes and municipal
employees for another 5%.

To make the final cut, the would-be buyers must submit to interviews and credit
checks, and obtain mortgages.

It's recommended but not required that lottery applicants take homebuyer classes
from nonprofit counseling groups. If the organization is city-approved, the
applicants may be able to get grants.

"An educated homebuyer is a better-prepared homeowner," Coleman said.

lcroghan@nydailynews.com

SIDEBAR WHEN HIS LUCKY BREAK CAME, HE WAS READY

It wasn't Mega Millions or the Powerball that helped Tomás Vallejo get a home,
it was a community group dedicated to keeping a Brooklyn neighborhood strong.

Vallejo's name languished on a waiting list for four years before summer 2004,
when a call from Cypress Hills Local Development Corp. changed everything. The
nonprofit agency had rescued a wreck from foreclosure and disrepair, and it was
Vallejo's lucky day.

"I said, 'When can I move? Can I stay here tonight?' I wanted them to give me
the key," Vallejo recalled, speaking in Spanish of the day he went to see the
two-family house on Weldon St.

For the Cypress Hills agency, established 24 years ago by local merchants to
stabilize the community, the home was a typical project.

"It was basically a shell," said Michelle Neugebauer, Cypress Hills' executive
director. "It needed everything."

The group bought the house from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development for $116,000 and put $224,000 of work into it. Then the agency went
looking for the right owner.

Vallejo, 49, who came to America from the Dominican Republic in 1985, had
burnished his credit record and saved $15,000 despite earning just $29,000 as an
assistant supervisor of a mailroom at John Jay College of Criminal Justice in
Manhattan. He got more help from several sources:

$10,000 from a city grant for first-time homebuyers.

$11,375 for closing costs from the State of New York Mortgage Agency.

$90,000, in two forgivable loans from the state Affordable Housing Corp. and
Cypress Hills.

A 30-year fixed-rate mortgage from Astoria Federal Savings at 5.25% helped
stretch his money. Vallejo rents the upstairs unit for $1,083, covering much of
his $1,500 mortgage payment.

A year and a half ago, he welcomed his sister Francisca and her three young
daughters into the home.

"Every day I wake up and say, 'Thank you, God, for the opportunity to share this
house,' " Vallejo said.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Tomás Vallejo waited four years to buy the Brooklyn house where he
lives with his sister and nieces. Photos by John Tracy

DOCUMENT-TYPE: SIDEBAR

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Daily News, L.P.


                             127 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             October 9, 2005 Sunday

AgriBusiness Briefs

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald Staff

SECTION: Events; Pg. b7

LENGTH: 337 words

DATELINE: PRAIRIE DU CHIEN, Wis.


Organization gets $65,000 grant

A local community development organization has been awarded a housing
preservation grant from the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

Community Development Alternatives Inc., of Prairie du Chien, received a grant
for more than $65,000 from the USDA.

The money will be used to assist low-income homeowners to repair and
rehabilitate their homes. It will also help Crawford County homeowners meet
health and safety requirements.

Grant County group schedules banquet

LANCASTER, Wis. - The Grant County Livestock Promoters will host the 26th Annual
Junior Livestock Exhibitor/Buyer Appreciation Banquet Wednesday at the Youth and
Ag Center in Lancaster.

This event will honor the boys and girls who sold project animals at the 2005
Grant County Fair and those who bought their animals.

Cost for supper is $7 and exhibitors will be admitted free.

For more information about tickets, call the First National Bank of Lancaster at
608/723-6666.

Field day set in Delhi

DELHI, Iowa - The "Organic Farm Field Day" on Thursday in Delhi will provide an
opportunity for participants to learn about organic farming.

The event will take place at Patrick and Marian Freiburger's farm, 2846 205th
Ave. in Delhi. Sessions will run hourly from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m.

Lenders seminar slated

DICKEYVILLE, Wis. - The 19th annual Tri-State Ag Lenders Seminar will be held
from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Tuesday, Nov. 1, at Sunset Hall in Dickeyville.

The seminar is sponsored by the Iowa, Illinois and Wisconsin Extension offices
and the University of Wisconsin-Platteville School of Agriculture.

The agenda features Greg Welsh, from Organic Valley, speaking on the Organic
Dairy and Agriculture Outlook, Larry Tranel presenting Millionaire Model Farms
and the Iowa Grazing Center and other speakers and presentations.

Cost is $40 per person, which includes handouts, refreshments and lunch. To
register or for more information, call the Dubuque County Extension Office at
563/583-6496.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2005 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                             128 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      The Canistota Clipper (South Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 19, 2014

USDA Seeks Applications For Grants To Help Repair Housing In Rural Areas

BYLINE: The Canistota Clipper staff

LENGTH: 330  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is seeking
applications for grants to preserve and repair housing for very-low- and
low-income families living in rural areas.

"USDA provides grants to qualified organizations so they can help rural
homeowners and rental housing owners make repairs and improvements," Vilsack
said. "These grants help families with limited incomes preserve their housing
and improve their living conditions. They can be used for a variety of needs,
such as repairs to resolve health or safety issues or for energy-efficiency
improvements to reduce utility costs. The program also boosts economic activity
for housing contractors in rural areas who are hired to make the home upgrades
and repairs."

The funds are being made available in USDA Rural Development's Housing
Preservation Grant program. Eligible applicants include town or county
governments, public agencies, federally recognized Indian Tribes, and non-profit
and faith-based organizations. USDA does not provide funding directly to
homeowners under this program.

Up to $3.9 million is available in Fiscal Year 2014. Applications are due July
28, 2014. More information on how to apply is on page 33495 of today's Federal
Register.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way
-strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that
stands as the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture
Secretary Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Community

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CAN

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2014 The Canistota Clipper


                             129 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                     The Hartford Area News (South Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 June 19, 2014

USDA Seeks Applications For Grants To Help Repair Housing In Rural Areas

BYLINE: The Hartford "Area" News staff

LENGTH: 330  words


Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack today announced that USDA is seeking
applications for grants to preserve and repair housing for very-low- and
low-income families living in rural areas.

"USDA provides grants to qualified organizations so they can help rural
homeowners and rental housing owners make repairs and improvements," Vilsack
said. "These grants help families with limited incomes preserve their housing
and improve their living conditions. They can be used for a variety of needs,
such as repairs to resolve health or safety issues or for energy-efficiency
improvements to reduce utility costs. The program also boosts economic activity
for housing contractors in rural areas who are hired to make the home upgrades
and repairs."

The funds are being made available in USDA Rural Development's Housing
Preservation Grant program. Eligible applicants include town or county
governments, public agencies, federally recognized Indian Tribes, and non-profit
and faith-based organizations. USDA does not provide funding directly to
homeowners under this program.

Up to $3.9 million is available in Fiscal Year 2014. Applications are due July
28, 2014. More information on how to apply is on page 33495 of today's Federal
Register.

President Obama's plan for rural America has brought about historic investment
and resulted in stronger rural communities. Under the President's leadership,
these investments in housing, community facilities, businesses and
infrastructure have empowered rural America to continue leading the way
-strengthening America's economy, small towns and rural communities.

USDA's investments in rural communities support the rural way of life that
stands as the backbone of our American values. President Obama and Agriculture
Secretary Vilsack are committed to a smarter use of federal resources to foster
sustainable economic prosperity and ensure the government is a strong partner
for businesses, entrepreneurs and working families in rural communities.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Agriculture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HAN

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2014 The Hartford Area News


                             130 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 21, 1987, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

TAX BREAK TO AID NEW YORK HOUSING

BYLINE: By ALAN FINDER

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 991 words


In an effort to ease New York City's severe housing shortage, the agency that is
the nation's largest investor in home mortgages will make use of a new Federal
tax incentive to help renovate 1,000 rental apartments for low- and
moderate-income people in New York City.

The agency, the Federal National Mortgage Association, or Fannie Mae, will
invest $28 million in the $70 million program. In return, Fannie Mae will
receive a credit on its Federal taxes for each dollar it invests. The credits
became available under a provision of the Federal tax code that was revised last
year by Congress. Fannie Mae is regulated by the Federal Government but is a
private corporation.

Under the program announced yesterday, a nonprofit national organization, the
Enterprise Foundation, will select the local nonprofit groups that will receive
the money from Fannie Mae. The foundation, established in 1982 to assist the
poor, will also lend technical assistance to the groups, which will be
responsible for overseeing renovations and will operate the buildings once they
are inhabited.

'Dreadful Conditions'

James W. Rouse, the chairman and founder of the Enterprise Foundation, said he
hoped the new Federal tax credits would be used across the country to help
address what he called the ''dreadful conditions in which poor people are forced
to live.''

''Tens of millions of people live in wretched housing in miserable
neighborhoods, and we've got to get them out of it,'' said Mr. Rouse, who also
founded the Rouse Company, builder of the South Street Seaport and many other
projects.

The use by Fannie Mae of the tax credits, which were created to spur companies
to invest in low- and moderate-income housing, marks the second time the new
credits have been used in the city.

Last January, officials of the Local Initiatives Support Corporation, a
nonprofit agency that works with community groups on housing and economic
development, announced that they would seek financing from corporations and
foundations to help renovate 1,000 apartments for low-income New Yorkers. Those
investors would also qualify for the Federal tax credits.

The nonprofit corporation is still marketing its proposal and has had some
success so far, said Katie Marshall, a spokeswoman for the city's Department of
Housing Preservation and Development.

Both efforts come while New York, like other cities, strains to combat a
desperate shortage of housing for the poor. A report released Sunday estimated
that the city needs 231,000 more housing units than it has. The report, prepared
by two consultants for Mayor Koch's Commission on the Year 2000, said the
shortage was most acute for low- and moderate-income New Yorkers.

Unless major new initiatives are begun, by the year 2000 New York City will need
372,000 more apartments and houses than it will have, the report concluded.
''New low- and moderate-income housing is simply not being produced in even a
small fraction of the numbers needed to close the housing gap,'' the report
said.

Last year, the Mayor created a 10-year, $4.2 billion program to substantially
renovate or construct 66,000 apartments and to preserve another 186,000 housing
units. Mr. Koch said the unprecedented city effort would deal, at best, with
half of the city's housing needs for the year 2000. Both programs using the
Federal tax credits would be part of the city's 10-year program.

State Grants Involved

Under the program announced yesterday, the Enterprise Foundation will select
local agencies from among those that have been designated, or soon will be
designated, to receive state grants to help finance housing renovations. Despite
the state grants, which come to $33,000 per apartment, few of the designated
groups have been able to raise enough other financing to begin rehabilitating
apartments, said Paul A. Crotty, the city's Commissioner of Housing Preservation
and Development.

The agreement by Fannie Mae, which buys mortgages in the secondary market from
banks and savings institutions, and the foundation was announced yesterday at a
news conference held on the corner of Second Avenue and 100th Street, across the
street from an abandoned, city-owned building. Mayor Koch and Senator Alfonse M.
D'Amato, a New York Republican, were among the officials who attended the
conference.

Congress eliminated most tax shelters for housing investment when it altered the
Federal tax code last year, but it also created the tax credits for corporations
that invest in low- and moderate-income housing. As much as $9 billion in such
credits could be claimed this year and during the next two years under the
program, although several housing experts say it is very unlikely that companies
will invest so heavily that the maximum amount will be consumed.

Under the program, apartments must be affordable to families earning no more
than 60 percent of a region's median annual income. In New York City, a family
of four could qualify with an income of $17,000 a year or less.

Units Financed in Pittsburgh

The private companies that invest in new or renovated housing for low- and
moderate-income families will be allowed to claim credits for their investments
on their Federal tax, with the credits to be received over a period of 10 years.

Fannie Mae also invested $2 million recently to help finance the development of
270 units of single-room-occupancy housing in Pittsburgh. It will receive tax
credits for that investment.

The average renovation in the New York program will cost about $65,000 per
apartment, Mr. Crotty said. The state will spend about $33,000 per unit, and
about $18,000 per unit will come from Fannie Mae, he said. The rest of the money
from Fannie Mae, about $10 million, will be used to pay for the costs of
syndication and for a reserve fund, Mr. Crotty said.

The city will finance the rest of the cost of renovations, which will come to
about $14,000 per apartment.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             131 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 12, 2013 Monday

Hagan Announces $480K Grant to Build a 60 Homes in Franklin

LENGTH: 228  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Kay Hagan, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

U.S. Senator Kay Hagan today announced that Southeastern Housing Preservation,
Inc. will receive a $480,000 grant from the Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLBank) of
Atlanta for the Westgate Terrace Apartment community in Franklin, which will
provide 60 rental units for very low- to low-income families earning less than
60 percent of the area median income.

"These grants will help ensure that residents in Franklin have an affordable
place to call home," Hagan said. "I'm pleased that our state has received this
funding to help advance projects that will strengthen our communities and
improve the quality of life for North Carolinians."

North Carolina is receiving five grants worth a total of $1.7 million through
FHLBank Atlanta's Affordable Housing Program that seeks to revitalize
neighborhoods, create jobs, and support economic development. The grant grants
will create, improve or preserve 184 affordable rental and homeownership units.

FHLBank Atlanta is a cooperative bank that offers competitively priced
financing, community development grants, and other banking services to help
member financial institutions make affordable home mortgages and provide
economic development credit to neighborhoods and communities.

For further information please visit: http://www.hagan.senate.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             132 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 15, 1985, Friday, Late City Final Edition

ABOUT REAL ESTATE;
THE FORCES REVIVING GRAND CONCOURSE

BYLINE: By KIRK JOHNSON

SECTION: Section A; Page 23, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 824 words


New York City housing policy can often seem like some monolithic machine,
rolling on at its own majestically slow speed toward goals that may or may not
be obvious to the people affected. Rarely, it seems, does the public get a
glimpse of the gears.

On the Grand Concourse in the Bronx, however, where the city is about to dispose
of the last buildings it seized for tax delinquency during the slide of the
1970's, the facade of means and methods has been lifted, if only a bit.

What emerges most clearly is history - how policies and politics are molded by
factors that at first seem far removed from this corner of the South Bronx just
north of Yankee Stadium - and how variables ranging from the level of community
activism on the Lower East Side in Manhattan to the withdrawal of certain
Federal housing subsidies by Washington in the early 1980's can come into play.

At 1220 Grand Concourse, in particular, those forces are especially revealing.
Last month, the city's Board of Estimate approved a $1.5 million rehabilitation
of the five-story building, between 167th and 168th Streets, as low- and
moderate-income housing for artists.

The former apartment house, built in the 1930's and bricked up by the city since
it was seized for nonpayment of taxes in the early 1980's, is to be the first
city-assisted artists' housing project in the Bronx, and one of the first under
a program approved by the city last year.

The building is one of six on the Concourse that are to be rehabilitated over
the next year and a half, all of them through complex financing packages that
include Federal grants and low-interest loans from the city. When the work is
finished, city officials say the Grand Concourse will be whole again, with every
building along its 5.5-mile sweep occupied.

Abandonment, they say, has stopped - at least on the Concourse itself. Of the
other five city-owned buildings on the Concourse, four of them - 1197, 1250,
1290, 1326 - are within a three-block area between 166th Street and East Clarke
Place. The other, at 2051 Grand Concourse, is just north of Burnside Avenue.

How 1220 came to be included among those six, in an area not known for its
artist population, is a story that begins in the early 1980's. At that time the
Federal housing program known as Section 8, which the city had relied on heavily
in previous rehabilitions on the Concourse in the 1970's, was cut back in favor
of other types of Federal housing assistance.

''For a while, nothing was happening at all,'' said Herbert Samuels, district
manager of Community Board 4, which covers much of the South Bronx. ''Now it's a
different story altogether. It's like the hourglass has turned around.''

For the Grand Concourse, a broad boulevard lined with Art Deco apartment
buildings, the turning of the hourglass hinged on several things. The first was
the system of public and private funding assembled by the city to fill the
vacuum created by the withdrawl of Section 8 - the No. 1220 building, for
instance, has four sources of funding, including a substantial investment by the
developer.

The second hinge was a change in perspective about the Grand Concourse that has
led some developers to make those investments. Sidney Silverstein, a
rehabilitation specialist who also built the Westbeth artist studios in
Greenwich Village in the late 1960's, is developing four of the six city
projects on the Concourse, including 1220.

''There's no way what we're doing now could have been done five years ago,''
said Samuel Kramer, director of Bronx Planning in the Office of Development in
the city's Department of Housing Preservation and Development. ''The
administration made the Grand Concourse a priority project for stabilizing the
area, but the reawakening of private building owners is a big part of what may
make it work.''

For 1220 Grand Concourse, which is to be refashioned into 23 combined living and
working quarters, a third factor was the defeat in 1983 of a plan to build an
180-unit artist housing complex on the Lower East Side in Manhattan. That plan,
opposed by some local community groups, was voted down by the Board of Estimate
in February of that year.

That December, the Department of Housing Preservation and Development proposed
an alternate plan that called for the 180 units to be spun off into all five
boroughs. The Concourse building is among the first fruits of that program.

Janet Langsam, an assistant commissioner at the Department of Housing
Preservation and Development, said 20 percent of the units at 1220 Grand
Concourse would be reserved for low-income artists earning less than $11,400 for
a family of two. The balance is restricted to artists earning six times the
monthly rental or less.

Rents in the low-income portion will range from $230 to $260 a month, and from
$540 to $635 in the moderate-income section. The artists must also be certified
by the city's Department of Cultural Affairs.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             133 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            February 4, 2001, Sunday

OLD HOME'S GETTING A MAKEOVER Clinton Hill relic becoming a condo

BYLINE: BY BILL FARRELL DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SUBURBAN; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 729 words

IN 1851, THE FIVE-STORY, Greek Revival/Italianate building at 320 Washington
Ave. in Clinton Hill first opened its doors as the Graham Home for Old Ladies.

Set back from the avenue behind a large circular driveway, it was home for
"respectable, aged, indigent females" for more than 100 years.

By the 1980s, things had certainly changed inside the walls of the Graham Home.

The building had a new use as the Bull Shippers Motor Lodge. The primary tenants
of the Bull Shippers were not-so-old ladies of the evening.

"The place was a blight on the neighborhood," said Community Board 2 Chairman
Robert Evans. "The Bull Shippers was a neighborhood nightmare."

The lodge closed its doors 15 years ago; what remained was a boarded-up, aging
landmark.

"No one could ever figure out what to do with it," said Evans. "There was talk
of using it as an assisted-living center, or an education center. The numbers
just never worked out."

That's where the Community Preservation Corp. came in. Getting numbers to work
out for efforts to bring new life to aging housing stock has been its goal since
1974.

"We are a consortium of over 100 different banking and financial institutions
from across the state," explained Mary Brennan, a senior vice president at the
preservation corporation. "Our goal is to help provide affordable housing."

The preservation corporation has provided a local development partnership,
Brownstone Realty Partners II, with $4.5 million in construction financing.

That money is now being used to convert the 150-year-old building into 25 two-
and three-bedroom condominiums.

"Because these units will be sold, we only provided the construction funding,"
said Brennan. "If this were a rental building, we might also provide the
permanent financing."

The preservation corporation has certainly done plenty of that in Brooklyn and
throughout the city and the state.

"We are about to close on 70 new units as part of Nehemiah development in East
New York," said Brennan. "Working in partnership with the churches, we have
closed on over 500 new homes in East New York in the past four years."

The impact of the preservation corporation also has been felt in Crown Heights,
Boerum Hill and other parts of Brooklyn.

For example, the corporation provided a $3.4 million loan for construction and
permanent financing to create 48 new units in four vacant buildings on Sterling
Place and St. Mark's Ave. in Crown Heights. That project was done in partnership
with the city's Department of Housing, Preservation and Development.

In another deal with the city, the corporation provided $7.2 million in
construction and permanent financing to convert warehouses and small buildings
on Smith and Warren Sts. in Boerum Hill into 48 rental units and nearly 10,000
square feet of commercial space.

"We pretty much cover the full range of financing help," said Brennan. "We've
done some very small loans - as little as $70,000 - and more than half are above
$500,000."

Brennan called the $4.5 million loan for the property on Washington Ave. "in the
midsize range of what we do."

Workers from West Coast General Contracting began the internal demolition work
last month. "We will be finished within 10 months," said West Coast owner John
Grant.

Even under construction, the building's wide hallways, elaborate staircases and
10-foot tall windows evoke some of its Victorian splendor.

Glittery leopard-skin wallpaper and carpet remnants are part of its more recent
history.

"There is a very inefficient use of space in the design, especially the wide
hallways," said Grant. Brennan said the design was one of the major reasons
other developers shied away.

Grant will solve the design problem by tearing down the interior walls and
putting in steel supports.

"By the time the project is finished, we'll have 25 large two- and three-bedroom
units, with two baths and parking," said the preservation corporation's Anita
Pins, who helped put the loan together.

"They'll all be large units - anywhere from 1,100 to 1,300 square feet of
space."

Because the developer has not yet filed an offering plan with the state, Pins
said she didn't know what the units would cost.

"We underwrote it for the $275,000-$300,000 range," said Pins.

"The important thing is the building will no longer be a blight on the
neighborhood."

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DEBBIE EGAN CHIN There's progress in Clinton Hill as 150-year-old Greek
Revival/Italianate building (opposite page) at 320 Washington Ave. moves into
the new century.  Workmen began demolishing interior of building, which will
become a complex of condos

                        Copyright 2001 Daily News, L.P.


                             134 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                             March 01, 1999, Monday

AGENCY REACTION SPLIT IN HOUSING BIAS CASE

BYLINE: By BOB LIFF

SECTION: Suburban; Pg.  1

LENGTH: 660 words


Two top city housing agencies are taking opposite tacks in addressing charges by
lawyers for Hispanic tenants in Williamsburg that Hasidic Jews illegally
transferred leases to keep apartments from falling into Hispanic hands.

The city's Department of Housing Preservation and Development has sparked a move
to oust as many as 23 Hasidic families from the 532-unit Roberto Clemente Plaza,
a federally subsidized development on Division Ave. The complex owners, Kent
Village Inc., moved to evict after HPD audited lease transfers that Hispanic
critics charge were designed to sidestep waiting lists dominated by minority
families.

Meanwhile, the city's Housing Authority, which has three nearby developments
with about 1,800 apartments, is refusing to audit how leases were transferred.
The authority is in part relying on a broad definition of family added eight
years ago to accommodate gay and lesbian relationships.

The dispute is linked to a continuing 23-year-old lawsuit in which Hispanic
activists charged the city with favoring Jews in the competition for scarce
housing in Williamsburg, a neighborhood where the few apartments that do become
available become the subject of color-coded battles.

The Jews, including many Satmar Hasidim who must live within walking distance of
synagogues, were able to keep apartments in the past through a system that gave
preference to neighborhood residents. It has since been abandoned.

The new dispute comes as other Jewish and Hispanic leaders are trying to work
together to rezone nearby blocks to ease the way to build more housing.

The Housing Authority is asking U.S. District Judge Robert Sweet to lift a 1978
consent decree, noting the agency long ago met its quotas for increasing the
number of apartments occupied by Hispanics. The three Housing Authority
developments Taylor-Wythe, Independence and Jonathan Williams remain majority
white despite the Hispanic gains.

At HPD-regulated Clemente, minorities occupy just over half the apartments.

Lawyers for the Puerto Rican Legal Defense and Education Fund argue that as many
as 200 Housing Authority apartments likely would have been available to
minorities on waiting lists over the past 10 years if the authority had blocked
Jews from lease transfers between distant family members.

The 1978 consent decree covered both the city developments and privately owned
developments, overseen by HPD.

The agencies have different rules on lease transfers. HPD requires someone to
live in an apartment for two years to be eligible for a transfer. The Housing
Authority has no time requirement.

Jewish activists and their supporters are outraged that the legal challenge
targeted only Jewish tenants, instead of seeking review of all lease transfers.
The Hispanic lawyers backtracked at one point after a federal magistrate
lambasted them for bypassing apartments with Jewish scrolls on doorposts in
trying to form a new tenants' association.

"The essence of the lawsuit is that the Housing Authority didn't do a good
enough job of throwing out Jews," said Councilman Kenneth Fisher (D-Brooklyn
Heights).

At Clemente Plaza, Jewish tenants targeted for eviction sued, arguing that their
leases were renewed even after the city charged they had been improperly
transferred. Affidavits by 15 tenants argue that they were being evicted with no
chance to plead their cases.

But city lawyer Lawrence Kahn said HPD acted after a tenant who wanted a larger
apartment complained.

City lawyers moved the Clemente case from state to federal court, planning to
combine it with the Housing Authority case.

Even long-time Hispanic activists are surprised at HPD's attempt to oust the
Jewish tenants from Clemente Plaza.

"Somebody is doing something right and they're from the city," said Carmen
Calderon, a Hispanic activist who lives across Division Ave. from Clemente
Plaza. "In Williamsburg, that's incredible."


LOAD-DATE: March 01, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MARY ALTAFFER CONTROVERSY surrounds threatened evictions at Roberto
Clemente Plaza.

                        Copyright 1999 Daily News, L.P.


                             135 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              June 22, 2012 Friday

Greene

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 331 words


XENIA

Grant to make seniors' homes more accessible

Greene County commissioners approved the county development department's
application for a $25,000 federal housing preservation grant.

If awarded, the federal grant money would be combined with $10,000 from the
Greene County Council on Aging and used to make the homes of low-income senior
citizens handicap-accessible.

The county development department estimates it will be able to complete 16
projects in rural areas. SHARAHN BOYKIN

BELLBROOK

Music in the Park series begins June 28

Bellbrook's 2012 Music in the Park Concert Series kicks off Thursday, June 28,
with a performance by the Centerville Community Chorus.

The concerts will be at the Bellbrook Park, with a rain location of the
Bellbrook Community Center. Patrons are encouraged to bring lawn chairs or
blankets to the free concerts.

The 7-8 p.m. concert June 28 will be followed, at 7 p.m. Wednesday, July 11, by
a one-hour concert by the "Guitar Man," Jim McCutcheon. The series will wrap up
at 7 p.m. Aug. 9 with a one-hour concert by the Sauerkraut German Band.

DIANA BLOWERS, CONTRIBUTING WRITER

XENIA

County honors Air Force general

Greene County commissioners honored an Air Force general this week - the 45th
anniversary of his plane being shot down over Vietnam.

Maj. Gen. Edward J. Mechenbier's plane was shot down during his 80th mission
over Viet-nam in June 1967.

Mechenbier graduated from the U.S. Air Force academy with a bachelor's degree in
1964. He served tours in Europe and Asia flying the F-4C. SHARAHN BOYKIN.

FAIRBORN

Annual Family Block Party set for July 3

Fairborn's annual Family Block Party, displaced by the Downtown Streetscape
project, will be held from 2 to 10 p.m. July 3 at Community Park.

The July 4th parade will begin at 10 a.m. and travel from Broad Street to
Central Avenue, then west on Xenia Drive and ending at Third Street. A 2 p.m.
concert at Community Park will follow. Fireworks start about 10 p.m. For more
information, go to www.ci.fairborn.oh.us.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             136 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                    January 21, 2002 Monday Marshall Edition

Rural homeowners offered repair grants

BYLINE: By GILBERT A. CIPRIANO; Tribune Correspondent

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 236 words


Rural homeowners living outside St. Joseph County towns now are eligible to have
their homes repaired with a federal rehabilitation grant fund.

Fifteen eligible county families will be offered five- or 10-year forgivable
loans for emergency repairs (furnaces, roofs, electrical and plumbing) and to
alleviate overcrowding.

The Housing Assistance Office of South Bend will administer a U.S. Department of
Agriculture Housing Preservation Grant to fund the newly established St. Joseph
County Rural Homeowner Rehabilitation Project.

If the homeowner continues to live in the assisted home for five years after the
rehabilitation is completed, the loan will be forgiven.

In addition to an income-eligibility requirement, the resident must live in the
USDA-eligible rural area of the county, south of Roosevelt Road and west of
Peach and Rush roads in Madison, Union, Liberty, Lincoln, Greene and Olive
townships. Residents within the town limits of Lakeville, Walkerton, North
Liberty and New Carlisle are excluded.

Applicants seeking emergency repair services may call Laura Wagley at (574)
233-9305, or visit the Housing Assistance Office from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Monday
through Friday for an application. Applications must returned to the Housing
Assistance Office no later than Jan. 28.

"This is the first time the county is offering rehab assistance for rural
residents outside the towns," said Wagley.


LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2002 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                             137 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Grand Forks Herald (North Dakota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

BRIEF: Turtle Mountain gets housing funds

BYLINE: Grand Forks Herald

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 100 words


Sept. 08--Members of North Dakota's congressional delegation announced federal
grants totaling $140,000 to help make housing more affordable to rural North
Dakotans.

The Turtle Mountain Housing Authority will receive $70,000 of the funds.

The grants were made available through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's
Rural Development Housing Preservation Grants and will help modernize, repair
and make homes more energy efficient.

___ (c)2016 the Grand Forks Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit the Grand Forks
Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) at www.grandforksherald.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160908-GF-BRF-Turtle-Mountain-gets-housing-funds-0908-20160908

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GF


                       Copyright 2016 Grand Forks Herald


                             138 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            August 5, 2004 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

SECTION: Section A; Column 4; Metropolitan Desk; Corrections; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 69 words


An article yesterday about Casa Cultural Puertorriquena, a South Bronx arts
group that government and cultural officials say has yet to establish itself
beyond a Web site after receiving $1.1 million in federal grants, misidentified
the source of one grant. The award, $250,000, came from the federal Department
of Housing and Urban Development, not from New York's Department of Housing
Preservation and Development.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Correction

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                             139 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             May 14, 2014 Wednesday

Concord grants fund projects for homeless, youth, seniors

BYLINE: By Lisa P. White Contra Costa Times

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 468 words


CONCORD -- Programs that serve seniors, young people and the homeless are a few
of the recipients of the city's community grants for the upcoming fiscal year.

Concord will receive $907,860 in federal community development block grant
funds, an increase of $36,287 over the allocation it received for fiscal year
that ends June 30.

With additional funds that have been reallocated, the city has a total of
$1,082,860 in CDBG funds to disburse in fiscal year 2014-2015, according to
Marla Parada, a program manager in the Parks and Recreation Department.

The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development awards community
development block grant funding to local governments across the country to
support programs and services that benefit people with low incomes.

The City Council recently approved grants for the upcoming fiscal year,
including $221,937 to the city's housing preservation program to provide loans
to low-income Concord residents for home repairs; $361,600 for infrastructure
improvements to improve accessibility citywide such as installing sidewalks and
curb ramps; and $90,786 for code enforcement at low-income, multifamily housing
units.

Thirteen public service agencies will share $136,179, including Monument Crisis
Center, Meals on Wheels of Contra Costa, Food Bank of Contra Costa, and
Community Violence Solutions.

Concord also will use $24,000 in child care development fees, which the city
collects from developers, to fund free, on-site afterschool programs for more
than 1,000 elementary and middle school students in the Mt. Diablo Unified
School District.

"It's great that we're doing this," Councilman Ron Leone said. "When I'm able to
see ... we're helping those that are in need in our community, including the
seniors, the poor, I think that's great ."

Concord is part of the Contra Costa County HOME Consortium with Antioch, Walnut
Creek, Pittsburg and unincorporated areas of the county. To determine community
needs that will influence CDBG funding priorities for the period from 2015-2020,
the consortium is seeking feedback from residents on a survey and in a series of
public workshops.

"The feedback that we get from the surveys strongly steers us in the direction
of the funding priorities," Parada said, adding that the city does have some
discretion.

Lisa P. White covers Concord and Pleasant Hill. Contact her at 925-943-8011.
Follow her at Twitter.com/lisa_p_white . community workshop and survey
Residents may fill out a survey to identify needs in the community and help set
funding priorities at www.cccounty.us/conplan . The deadline is June 30.
The public also is invited to attend an informational workshop at 6:30 p.m. May
29, at Walnut Creek Civic Park Community Center Lounge, 1375 Civic Drive. For
more information, call Margot Ernst at 925-943-5899, ext. 2208.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             140 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             May 14, 2014 Wednesday

Concord grants fund projects for homeless, youth, seniors

BYLINE: By Lisa P. White Contra Costa Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 468 words


CONCORD -- Programs that serve seniors, young people and the homeless are a few
of the recipients of the city's community grants for the upcoming fiscal year.

Concord will receive $907,860 in federal community development block grant
funds, an increase of $36,287 over the allocation it received for fiscal year
that ends June 30.

With additional funds that have been reallocated, the city has a total of
$1,082,860 in CDBG funds to disburse in fiscal year 2014-2015, according to
Marla Parada, a program manager in the Parks and Recreation Department.

The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development awards community
development block grant funding to local governments across the country to
support programs and services that benefit people with low incomes.

The City Council recently approved grants for the upcoming fiscal year,
including $221,937 to the city's housing preservation program to provide loans
to low-income Concord residents for home repairs; $361,600 for infrastructure
improvements to improve accessibility citywide such as installing sidewalks and
curb ramps; and $90,786 for code enforcement at low-income, multifamily housing
units.

Thirteen public service agencies will share $136,179, including Monument Crisis
Center, Meals on Wheels of Contra Costa, Food Bank of Contra Costa, and
Community Violence Solutions.

Concord also will use $24,000 in child care development fees, which the city
collects from developers, to fund free, on-site afterschool programs for more
than 1,000 elementary and middle school students in the Mt. Diablo Unified
School District.

"It's great that we're doing this," Councilman Ron Leone said. "When I'm able to
see ... we're helping those that are in need in our community, including the
seniors, the poor, I think that's great ."

Concord is part of the Contra Costa County HOME Consortium with Antioch, Walnut
Creek, Pittsburg and unincorporated areas of the county. To determine community
needs that will influence CDBG funding priorities for the period from 2015-2020,
the consortium is seeking feedback from residents on a survey and in a series of
public workshops.

"The feedback that we get from the surveys strongly steers us in the direction
of the funding priorities," Parada said, adding that the city does have some
discretion.

Lisa P. White covers Concord and Pleasant Hill. Contact her at 925-943-8011.
Follow her at Twitter.com/lisa_p_white .

community workshop and survey

Residents may fill out a survey to identify needs in the community and help set
funding priorities at www.cccounty.us/conplan . The deadline is June 30.
The public also is invited to attend an informational workshop at 6:30 p.m. May
29, at Walnut Creek Civic Park Community Center Lounge, 1375 Civic Drive. For
more information, call Margot Ernst at 925-943-5899, ext. 2208.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             141 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            October 10, 2016 Monday

PDC organization awarded $29,000

BYLINE: Telegraph Herald

SECTION: B; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 137 words


PRAIRIE DU CHIEN, Wis. - A Prairie du Chien organization recently was awarded
nearly $30,000 to help five very-low-income homeowners make repairs to their
residences.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development announced the grant to
Community Development Alternatives as part of $3.9 million in grants awarded to
more than 100 organizations across the country.

"Housing preservation grants are an excellent source of funding to help folks
keep up a safe and energy-efficient home that is in good repair," said USDA
Rural Development Undersecretary Lisa Mensah in a press release.

"This funding will go a long way toward helping maintain the value of rural
residents' homes and preserve the supply of safe, affordable housing in rural
America."

The local organizations determine who receives the grants, the release notes.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             142 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                November 2, 1992

SECTION: AFFORDABLE HOUSING; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 135 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


The East New York Savings Bank honored 28 local community nonprofit
organizations that provide services throughout Manhattan with financial grants
through its Community Action Assistance Grants Program.

Now in its fourth year, the program provides financial grants ranging from $ 250
to $ 5,000 to community-based organizations active within the bank's service
area.

The program supports a variety of projects which address local needs including
housing preservation and improvement, training, community organizing and
commercial revitalization.

The organization included East Harlem Interfaith, Harlem Restoration Project and
Neighborhood Housing Services of New York city Inc.

Also, Apple Bank for Savings, New York, honored 109 community-based
not-for-profit organizations in its service area.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             143 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                           February 28, 2004 Saturday
                                  City Edition

OKC Realtor group installs leadership, presents awards

SECTION: BUSINESS; REAL ESTATE NOTES; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 509 words


Linda Glass of BankFirst has been installed as 2004 chairwoman of the Commercial
& Industrial Division of the Oklahoma City Metro Association of Realtors.

Outgoing Chairman Jerry Hocker presented the Chairman's Award to Marc
Weinmeister of CommercialOKC, who was installed as chairman-elect. The
Chairman's Council also appointed Weinmeister to oversee the division's
education efforts. Judith Crews of Baker First Commercial was appointed to
oversee programs.

Hocker of Coldwell Banker Commercial Hocker & Associates received the VIP Award.

Grant to help renovate homes

Applications for federal grants to renovate low-income housing in rural Oklahoma
are being accepted by the Rural Housing Service of the U.S. Department of
Agriculture.

Applications will be accepted through May 6. The Housing Preservation Grant
program provides public agencies and private nonprofit organizations with money
to repair and renovate housing for low-income homeowners and the owners of
rental housing made available to those with low incomes.

Money available through the program has not been determined, said Brent Kisling,
state director of the Agriculture Department's Rural Development office in
Stillwater. Oklahoma's allocation for the program last year was $159,907, he
said.

For more information, call an area Rural Development office:

Northwestern counties -- 4900 Oklahoma Ave., Suite 310, Woodward (580) 256-3375.

Northeastern counties -- 2600 S Main, Suite B, Stillwater, (405) 624-0144.

Southwestern counties -- 806 W 11th, Hobart, (580) 726-5625.

Southeastern counties -- 102 W Ruth Ave., Atoka, (580) 889-6668.

PM Realty selected to service sites

PM Realty Group has been selected to provide property and construction
management services for Oklahoma City's Atrium Towers and 5100 Brookline
building by the owner, Koll Bren Schreiber Realty Advisors.

Bernard Deaton, senior vice president and director of PM Realty's Central
Division, leads the property services team.

Atrium Towers is at 3501 and 3503 NW 63. Its six-story buildings were built in
1980 and total 155,000 square feet of office space. 5100 Brookline is a
10-story, 155,000-square-foot office building built in 1974.

Transactions

American Guaranty Title Co. announces the following transactions closed by
Barbara Chapman:

James Askins and Debra Askins Restated Revocable Trust paid $385,000 to 420 Penn
LLC for a storage warehouse at 420 N Pennsylvania. Ross Hall of Coldwell Banker
Commercial and Irmon Gray and Bob Sullivan of Bob Sullivan Group handled the
sale.

Chuck Beasley paid $325,000 to Betty Zoe Divis Trust for Ernie's Palace, 2310
Banner Road in El Reno. Karen Graves of OKCity Properties Inc. handled the sale.

John Barr paid $167,500 to Michael C. Jorski and Roxanne Jorski for industrial
property at 115-117 N Council Road.

Jonathon S. Arnold paid $70,000 to Trade Mechanical Contractors Inc. for
industrial property at 101 NE 50. Greg Banta of Banta Realty Advisors handled
the sale.

Tommy Tran paid $70,000 to Linda Rowley for a retail store at 3013 SW 29. Carl
Avey of Thomas Lay Realtors handled the sale.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Linda Glass

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2004 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             144 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 2, 1981, Friday, Late City Final Edition

About Real Estate;
HOW SHARP CUTS IN FEDERAL HELP WILL AFFECT HOUSING

BYLINE: By ALAN S. OSER

SECTION: Section A; Page 31, Column 2; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 907 words


The not surprising news from Washington is that subsidies for housing are
dropping sharply. Public housing has been particularly hard hit as its operating
subsidies shrink.

The cutbacks under the Reagan Administration and the new Congress mean that the
major rehabilitations that have saved a few distressed, foreclosed buildings in
Harlem and the South Bronx will no longer be possible. There will be a shift
away from production programs toward those that aid the existing, occupied
housing stock.  But even in that area the total number of households benefited
directly by Federal dollars is expected to decline.

In the Carter years, new construction and substantial rehabilitation of older
housing swelled in New York under the Section 8 program for lower-income people.
But the costs came to astound and discourage even the program's supporters. The
costs here stand at about $65,000 for each new apartment, with an annual rent
subsidy to the lower-income tenant of about $9,000.
That program is expected to be phased out almost entirely over the ne xt few
years. Other programs are also affected. The Section 312 pr ogram, providing
low-cost loans for home improvements in designatedar eas, is also winding down.
Thousands of applicants have already be en disappointed here. And there are to
be no new commitments under th e Section 235 interest subsidy program, which the
city was be ginning to use for home construction in urban renewal areas.

The shape of new programs to replace these is so far uncertain, but two key
concepts are understood to be under consideration. One is housing vouchers,
which would give lower-income families the means to find their own housing.
Another is ''rehabilitation block grants,'' which would provide a capital grant
for rehabilitations of occupied buildings in designated rehabilitation areas up
to a certain dollar amount per apartment.

In any event, at the municipal level there is increased reas on to consider whet
her the Federal community development funds are being used effectiv ely. Should
successful programs get more money at the expense of we aker ones?

The city gets about $260 million a year of community development funds and about
$200 million is used for housing, almost all of it by the Department of Housing
Preservation and Development. The total pot is shrinking because other Federal
programs previously financed separately are to be folded into community
development, notably the urban development action grants for economic
development.

At present, anywhere from $80 million to $100 million a year, depending on whose
estimate is used, goes purely to maintain the taxforeclosed housing stock and
restore it to livable condition.  Extremely little of that stock has gone back
into private ownership once improved. Much of it is tenant-managed or
community-managed, but most of these groups feel little incentive to buy.
Meanwhile, the program of negotiated sales to private owners limps forward.

In a report last month the Citizens Housing and Planning Council urged reform of
the system of handling ''in rem,'' or tax-foreclosed, property. ''In the absence
of drastic change, operation of these properties by the city threatens to be a
permanent, costly and highly inefficient public housing program likely to
require an annual expenditure level of no less than $100 million for the balance
of the decade or longer,'' the council said. ''The Federaal Government will not
pay the bill forever.''

It asks for stronger efforts to head off owner abandonment, tax relief for
distressed buildings with rent-controlled apartments, a new professionally
directed and publicly financed housing corporation to manage foreclosed property
and re-use of the auction process for sales of selected foreclosed buildings, to
institute time limits for sales of tenant-run and community-run buildings, and
more.

Members of the council's in-rem committee include some of the city's most
experienced housing figures: Sander Lehrer, former head of Housing Preservation
and Development, is chairman, along with Jerome Belson, Charles E. Forsberg,
Clara Fox, Alex Garvin, Herman I. Kraus, Frank S. Kristof, Jack Richman and
Albert A. Walsh.

While foreclosed property pre-empts the lion's share of community development's
housing money, expansion of the successful participation loan and Article 8A
programs is restricted. About these, Housing Commissioner Anthony B. Gliedman
said, ''We could use four to six times the money we have at any one time.''

Participation loans - private plus public money - help in moderate
rehabilitations costing about $8,000 to $10,000 an apartment. Article 8A loans
are for less costly improvements.

According to one Federal housing official, a voucher system could be adapted to
the moderate rehabilitation programs of the city. But in the Koch administration
there is concern that eligibility criteria would be too restrictive. Managements
in better buildings would be unwilling to rent to those tenants who would be
eligible, while poorer buildings would not be able to meet the Government's
acceptability criteria.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             145 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           November 14, 2013 Thursday

4 Vermont organizations get $350k for rural housing

SECTION: BREAKING; News

LENGTH: 129 words


MONTPELIER (AP) - Four Vermont groups are going to be getting $350,000 in
federal grants to help improve housing conditions for low-income rural
residents.

The money will be used to make general repairs, energy and weatherization
improvements and code updates to more than 130 households in Vermont.

Almost $300,000 of those grants are headed to the Northeast Kingdom as a Rural
Economic Area Partnership Zone, a designation recognizing the unique rural
nature of a region.

U.S. Sens. Patrick Leahy and Bernie Sanders and U.S. Rep. Peter Welch say the
investments in housing improvements will make lives and communities better.

The grants are part of the $3.8 million released by the United States Department
of Agriculture's Rural Development's Housing Preservation Grant program.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             146 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                  The Sylva Herald & Ruralite (North Carolina)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               November 12, 2009

Mountain Projects gets grants to rehab homes, offer counseling

BYLINE: The Sylva Herald & Ruralite staff

LENGTH: 216  words


Mountain Projects Housing Development Department has been awarded two new
grants.

The Housing Preservation grant is for $90,000 and will allow the agency to
rehabilitate nine houses for citizens who meet the low-income requirements
below. Jobs will be for rehabilitation and may include electrical upgrades,
roofs, etc., but no decorative work may be done.

Household income limits are as follows: one person, $17,450; two-person,
$19,950; three-person, $22,450; and four-person, $25,950. Call for income limits
on larger families.

Interested persons in Jackson and Haywood counties should contact Elizabeth
James at (828) 452-1447, ext. 112, to complete an application. No rental
property can be assisted with this grant.

These resources are funded through USDA Rural Development.

Mountain Projects has been a HUD certified Housing Counseling agency for several
years though it has lacked the resources to pay a counselor. The agency has
recently received a $32,236 grant awarded from the U.S. Department of Housing
and Urban Development and will employ one counselor to assist community
residents with housing-related issues, including but not limited to budgeting,
pre-and post-homeownership counseling and foreclosure mitigation. Mountain
Projects expects to have an counselor in place by December.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SYV

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
       Copyright 2009 The Sylva Herald & Ruralite(Sylva, North Carolina)


                             147 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 28, 2016 Wednesday

Maryland: Opportunity Grants Available to Nonprofit Organizations Serving
Gaithersburg Residents

LENGTH: 270  words

DATELINE: New York



 City of Gaithersburg: City of Gaithersburg, The State of Maryland  has issued
the following news release:



  In the FY2017 City of Gaithersburg operating budget, the Mayor and City
Council approved $15,000 in funding for a Nonprofit Opportunity Grant program
that addresses community and human service needs in the City of Gaithersburg.
Funding for one or more grants is available to assist with gaps in services and
to help organizations meet unexpected challenges in the priority service areas
of Food and Nutrition, Housing Preservation and Transportation Assistance,
Health and Mental Health, and Vocational and Financial Empowerment Services.
Applications that address women's education and empowerment, homeless prevention
for youth, and the needs of older adults are also encouraged.





 Nonprofit Opportunity Grants will be awarded to nonprofit 501(c)(3) agencies
that serve City of Gaithersburg residents. Applications will be considered as
received (pending availability) through December 15, 2016. Awardees must expend
these grant funds by June 30, 2017.



 The Gaithersburg Community Services Division reviews applications for technical
compliance, after which they are submitted to the City's Community Advisory
Committee (CAC) for evaluation. Projects recommended by the CAC for funding are
brought before the Mayor and City Council for approval.



 Application forms and instructions are available in the Related Documents
section. For more information please contact the Community Services Division.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             148 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            February 19, 2012 Sunday
                              Correction Appended
                              Late Edition - Final

Artist Project Gets Tax Break

BYLINE: By JAKE MOONEY

SECTION: Section RE; Column 0; Real Estate Desk; POSTING; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 863 words


A PLAN to turn an East Harlem elementary school into 90 affordable apartments
for artists and their families and space for community arts groups has received
a critical federal low-income housing tax credit worth about $24 million.
Construction, its developers said, should begin by spring.

The project is a collaboration of Artspace, an organization based in Minneapolis
that builds affordable living and work space for artists, and El Barrio's
Operation Fightback, a community development organization in East Harlem. The
groups expect to spend $50 million to convert the school, the former Public
School 109 on East 99th Street.

A spokeswoman for Artspace, Melodie Bahan, said the next step would be to
transfer ownership of the building to the two groups from the city Department of
Housing Preservation and Development. Construction can start immediately after
that, Ms. Bahan said; it is expected to last two years. A year into
construction, the groups will begin taking housing lottery applications from
potential residents.

Housing will include studio, one-bedroom and two-bedroom apartments, all of
which will be below market rate, with rents, at most, between $500 and $1,100 a
month, according to Artspace. The building's public areas, including a large
hall on the ground floor and a sunken space in the basement that now holds old
boilers, will also be available for rental below market rates to community and
arts groups, said Shawn McLearen, Artspace's project manager.

The five-story neo-Gothic school, which operated from 1905 to 1996, was later
scheduled for demolition, until neighborhood activists and preservation groups
persuaded the city to save it, and even got it listed on the National Register
of Historic Places. At first, hopes were high in the area that the building
could reopen as a school, but after the Department of Education ruled out that
option, Artspace arrived with an eye toward building its first New York project.

On a walk through the building, Mr. McLearen said one of the group's goals was
to repurpose without sacrificing original details, and to reincorporate
gargoyles and terra cotta ornaments stripped off a decade ago in preparation for
demolition. Doing so, he added, is also essential to qualify for historic tax
credits that, along with affordable housing credits and arts credits, are at the
heart of the project's financing.

The new federal subsidy, awarded by the Department of Housing Preservation and
Development, is a Low Income Housing Tax Credit, part of a program created by
Congress in 1986 to reduce tax liability for developers of affordable rental
housing. The developers, in turn, can sell the credits to investors to generate
money for construction.

For now, many of the original exterior ornaments are laid out inside the
building, in dust-blanketed rooms. In addition to tiles and windows from the
building's years as a school, educational artifacts remain scattered in place: a
metal desk in one corner, or a row of curled paper pennants on an old classroom
wall bearing slogans like ''Knowledge Is Power'' and ''Try.''

Ceilings are crumbling, the result of a drainage system that misdirects
rainwater. Mr. McLearen said the need to reverse damage from the elements and
restore exterior details had driven projected costs up over the years. An early
version of the plan, which Artspace first proposed in 2005, called for 64 units
of housing, a completion date of late 2008, and a budget of $22.6 million.

''Not only is it historic, which will drive our costs, but it's very historic,''
he said, standing by a deconstructed terra cotta dormer. ''Essentially, what
you're looking at is a very expensive jigsaw puzzle.''

The project has its detractors. Gwen Goodwin, the founder of a group called the
Coalition to Save P.S. 109, said she still thought a school was a better use for
the property. ''People in our neighborhood are poor,'' she said. ''People in our
neighborhood need the school.''

Ms. Goodwin disputed Artspace's assertion that all the housing would be
affordable, asserting that she hadn't founded her group to help turn the
building into ''high-end condominiums for rich people,'' she said. ''This is
just a way of gentrifying our neighborhood at an accelerated pace.''

Gus Rosado, the executive director of El Barrio's Operation Fightback, said
artists should not be regarded as separate from the rest of the affordable
housing population.

''Artists are regular families,'' he said.

Reopening the building, he said, will revitalize a dead spot amid the towers of
the city's 1,500-unit public Washington Houses.

''It's going to be like a beacon, out into the community, of energy and life,''
Mr. Rosado said, ''as opposed to this vast emptiness and blight that's been here
so long.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: February 26, 2012



CORRECTION: The Posting column last Sunday, about a plan to turn an East Harlem
elementary school into 90 affordable apartments for artists and their families,
omitted part of the name of a group that says the property would best be used as
a school. It is the Coalition to Save P.S. 109 -- not just Save P.S. 109.

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: STRIPPED: Exterior trim inside the former P.S. 109 in East
Harlem, set to become artist housing.
 BLANK CANVAS:  Work on the conversion could begin this spring. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY
JAMES ESTRIN/THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                             149 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                             July 07, 1998, Tuesday

CITY RED TAPE FOLLOWS MUD INTO BACKYARDS

BYLINE: By RAFAEL A. OLMEDA

SECTION: Suburban; Pg.  1

LENGTH: 524 words


Homeowners in a Bronx neighborhood who saw their backyards buried under a mud
slide this spring are still waiting for the city to give a go-ahead to clean up
the mess.

But the homes' developers, who are responsible for the cleanup, charge that the
city is slowing them down.

All the delay is starting to wear thin on the homeowners' nerves.

"Everybody's getting restless," said Gilberto Ortiz, 66, one of the affected
homeowners on St. Ann's Ave. in the Melrose section of the South Bronx.
"Everyone hopes it can be done soon, but you can't rush the city."

South Bronx Churches, which developed both the St. Ann's Ave. homes and a row of
homes on the Eagle Ave. side of the block between E. 156th St. and Westchester
Ave., is awaiting city approval for the $ 1.26 million repair project.

The Eagle Ave. homes also lost their backyards when a 90-foot retaining wall
that held them in place gave way on Easter Sunday and the earth surged into the
backyards of the St. Ann's Ave. houses.

The repair plans hit a snag late last week, when the city Department of Housing
Preservation and Development refused a request to pay a $ 300,000 advance to
cover materials and equipment costs.

"We'd like to start getting the work done," said Lee Stuart, lead organizer of
South Bronx Churches.

"The city has already approved the total repair cost as a grant," she said. "But
HPD says it will not advance a portion of that to begin covering material
costs."

That includes the cost of 65 tons of reinforcing steel needed to begin the
project.

If the city holds to its position, South Bronx Churches will have to find some
other way to come up with the initial costs before being reimbursed by the city,
Stuart said.

HPD did not return calls for comment.

Immediately after the mud slide, in which no one was injured, the city asked
South Bronx Churches to hire engineers to stabilize the site, which took several
days.

The city also asked South Bronx Churches to oversee the repairs, assuring the
homeowners they would not have to pay the cost, even though the damage was not
covered under their homeowners insurance policies.

In mid-May the group presented a design plan to HPD, followed by a cost estimate
several days later.

South Bronx Churches also submitted needed applications to the Buildings
Department. They were approved June 16.

The homeowners on both sides of the block say they are grateful for the
preliminary work that has been done so far, but they still would like to see
their old backyards restored so they can catch some relaxation and gardening
time in their now mud-covered or missing backyards before summer's end.

"I planted all my flowers back there and took care of the grounds," said Eagle
Ave. homeowner Luz Rodriguez, 45. "Now I can't do anything."

"I used to play baseball, and I played in our swimming pool," said her
7-year-old son, Michael. "It was fun before the ground fell."

Many residents said they will be willing to wait longer if it means the cleanup
will be done well.

"Don't do it fast; do it right," said Iris Torres, 58, of St. Ann's Ave. "But do
it."


LOAD-DATE: July 08, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MICHAEL SCHWARTZ AFTER THE FACT: Youngsters check out what once was
their backyard last week.

                        Copyright 1998 Daily News, L.P.


                             150 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Sentinel, Pomeroy, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 5, 2011 Friday

Commissioners hold hearing, appoint committee

BYLINE: Beth Sergent, The Daily Sentinel, Pomeroy, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 424 words


Aug. 05--BSERGENT@MYDAILYSENTINEL.COM

POMEROY -- Meigs County Commissioners held the first of two hearings for a
program which assists in low income home repair and they also appointed members
to the Meigs Local Emergency Planning Committee.

Commissioners Michael Bartrum, Tom Anderson and Tim Ihle along with Grants
Administrator Jean Trussell held the first of two hearings on the United States
Department of Agriculture Rural Development Office's Housing Preservation Grant.
The grant provides for the repair or rehabilitation of low- and very low-income
housing, and are made available in areas where there is a concentration of need.

Those assisted must own very low-or low-income housing, either as homeowners,
landlords, or members of a cooperative. Very low income is defined as below 50
percent of the area median income (AMI); low income is between 50 and 80 percent
of AMI. Eligible sponsors include state agencies, units of local government,
Native American tribes, and nonprofit organizations.

Trussell wants to apply for enough funds to rehabilitate an estimated eight
houses. She should know this fall if and how much the county receives for the
program. The second hearing is set for 1:15 p.m., Wednesday, Aug. 10 at the
Meigs County Commissioners office.

Appointments were also made to the Meigs County LEPC, including: Bartrum,
Anderson, Ihle, Robert Beegle, Joe Bolin, Bill Spaun, Scott Hill, Danny Davis,
Russell Carson, Doug Lavender, Larry Marshall, Frank Gorscak, Dave Harris, Diana
Coates, Bob Robinson, Chris Shank, Hal Kneen, Keith Little, Sherry Wilcox, Tom
Reed, Don Poole, Steve Wallace, Don Anderson.

Also approved were Bartrum, Beegle, Ihle and Lavender for a two-year term
serving on the Meigs County Emergency Management Agency Board. The term is from
Aug. 15-Aug. 15, 2013.

Commissioners were also reminded of the following upcoming events:

3:30 p.m., Monday, Aug. 8 meeting with Meigs County Economic Development
Director Perry Varnadoe.

1:05 p.m., Thursday, Aug. 11, meeting with Peck and Shaffer at Holzer Meigs
Clinic regarding merger with Holzer Clinic and Holzer Health Systems.

Bills were approved in the amount of $234,923.09.

Also in attendance at yesterday's regular meeting, Clerk Gloria Kloes.

To see more of The Daily Sentinel, go to http://www.mydailysentinel.com/.
Copyright (c) 2011, The Daily Sentinel, Pomeroy, Ohio Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information about the content
services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit
www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110805-UO-Commissioners-hold-hearing-appoint-committee-0805-20110805

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UO


                                 Copyright 2011


                             151 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                             March 08, 1998, Sunday

NEHEMIAH NOW PARIAH AT CITY HALL

BYLINE: BY JIM DWYER

SECTION: News; Pg.  2

LENGTH: 751 words


IF VENGEANCE is a drug, then City Hall is a crack den where everyone sucks the
pipe.

Now comes word that the Giuliani administration has secretly made plans to kill
off the Nehemiah Houses, a home-building program for working people that has
been an example to the world. If you are seeking a policy reason for this
assassination, none is offered.

But if you are looking for a motive, revenge fits nicely.

The Nehemiah Houses are one and two-family homes, built on abandoned land in
Brooklyn and the Bronx, with very little public subsidy, for prices that
ordinary working families can afford. The homes are sponsored by a coalition of
religious congregations across the city. When you talk about quality of life,
start with Nehemiah, a sterling success as mayors came and went for the last two
decades.

With so much right, what went wrong?

Late last year, the Nehemiah sponsors stood, or stomped, on the toes of the
city's commissioner of Housing Preservation and Development, a man named Richard
Roberts.

The dispute, believe it or not, was over protection of baseball fields in East
Harlem.

Commissioner Roberts feels he was shown up in the debate.

"At a cocktail party in the Museo del Barrio, I introduced myself to him," said
the Rev. Bruce Lewandowski, a priest with St. Cecilia's in Harlem, one of the
parishes that had fought to save the fields.

"It was like I pulled the plug. He took the ballfield argument as a personal
attack.

"He said, 'What you did to me was evil.' He came at me for 10 minutes, preaching
about good and evil."

Roberts complained everywhere about how badly treated he was by the Nehemiah
people.

Now, as the new city budget is being drawn, it looks like he is making a brutal
payback. Nehemiah doesn't get much city money, but the Giuliani administration
had promised in 1995 to build infrastructure, such as sewer lines, on the empty
land near Starrett City where the next 500 homes are supposed to go. The money
was set aside in the city budget.

Commissioner Roberts now has cut $ 5 million, or exactly 100%, of the money for
that work.

Unless the funds can be restored by the City Council, Roberts has shut down any
chance of building the 500 homes at Spring Creek, the fancy name for marshland
near Starrett.

"We have thousands of families waiting," said the Rev. Johnnie Ray Youngblood,
the chairman of East Brooklyn Congregations. "We really took the mayor and his
administration to be people of his word and character, and of proper protocol.

"Now we understand there are secret things going on that may lead to the
abortion of our effort the most successful effort in the city in the last 20
years."

For the last three months, Roberts and his helpers have refused to meet with the
Nehemiah sponsors to discuss the development at Spring Creek.

It is hard to imagine the city taking that position with the Trumps, the
Zeckendorfs, the Roses or any of the other powerful names in city real estate
development. Why, then, the cold shoulder to an organization of churches and
community groups that already has built 2,570 homes for working people?

Why isn't Giuliani's administration living up to the commitments made in 1995?

Why did the mayor praise the Nehemiah homes at a groundbreaking last year, and
kill the program this year?

If there are problems with the site, why hasn't the city met and explained them
to authentic community representatives from Nehemiah who have gotten the job
done as few people ever have in this town?

Deputy mayors and commissioners regularly deal with the fat cats and
powerbrokers who peddle their government access like 12th Ave. hookers.

But they have no time for 100 churches that represent people making $ 35,000 or
$ 45,000 a year, and will be around long after they are gone.

"Two years ago, the mayor met with me and when I explained how difficult it was
to get to talk to him, he said he would allow me five minutes per month to talk
with him about what's going on," Youngblood said. "I have not been able to have
one conversation with him since.

"Other mayors started out hostile and became friendly. This mayor starts out
friendly and has now become hostile."

FRIDAY, we asked the mayor's office and commissioner Roberts' public relations
department about the status of Nehemiah. Seven telephone calls were made. Let's
be optimistic about human nature. Maybe they are too ashamed to answer
questions.

Because this is government by hissy fit.

LOAD-DATE: March 09, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1998 Daily News, L.P.


                             152 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 29, 1987, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Regan Assails Housing Program

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1, Page 27, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 208 words


State Comptroller Edward V. Regan has charged that New York City's largest
program for rehabilitating housing for low- and middle-income people is poorly
managed and plagued by delays.

If the program were run more efficiently, he said in a report released Friday,
''it could rehabilitate far more housing units with the same level of funding,''

The program, the federally financed Participation Loan Program, is administered
by the City Department of Housing Preservation and Development.

Mr. Regan's comments accompanied the release of an audit that examined the
expenditure of $143 million from the program's inception in 1977 to August 1985.


Loan Process Is Criticized

The audit concluded that the loan and construction process took far too long,
and it criticized the agency for failing to monitor construction closely enough
and for violating its own lending guidelines.

A spokesman for the Department of Housing Preservation and Development, Charles
Perkins, called the bulk of the charges ''moot,'' contending that the department
had taken steps to streamline the loan approval process.

The Participation Loan Program blends market-rate bank loans with
Government-subsidized loans to finance the renewal of existing housing.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             153 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               November 19, 1990

$ 1 Million in Grants Aids Low-Income

SECTION: AFFORDABLE HOUSING; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 356 words

DATELINE: AUGUSTA, Me.


The Maine State Housing Authority is providing $ 1 million in grants to eight
regional non-profit housing groups through its Housing Preservation Loan
Program.

The groups, each receiving $ 125,000 from HPLP, a new program designed to
increase the amount of home repair capital and supplement the work of
traditional lending institutions, will use the grants to finance repairs on
homes of very-low-income homeowners.

"Our studies show there are 35,000 homeowners in the state with annual incomes
of $ 10,000 or less.  This market is difficult for traditional lenders to serve.
HPLP allows non-profit sponsors to reach this previously underserved market,"
said Dwight A. Sewell, director of MSHA.

The non-profit sponsors will use creative loan techniques, including deferred
payment and due-on-sale loans to match the loan requirements with the ability of
the very-low-income homeowners to repay the loan.

"We expect sponsors will leverage other funds with our grants, including bank
loans and our own home improvement program loans, so that the total amount of
home repairs this HPLP money leverages is at least $ 1.5 million," Mr. Sewell
said.

The agency also intends to purchase the loans from the sponsors, thereby
creating a secondary market and continually resupplying the region with low-cost
home repair funds.

Money the MSHA receives from the Housing Opportunities for Maine (HOME) Fund
finances HPLP.

Forty-five percent of the state's Real Estate Transfer Tax funds the HOME
program.

The MSHA plans to distribute another $ 500,000 in a second round of the program
early next year.

HPLP recently won a national award as the best housing improvement program
offered by any state HFA in the country.

The eight organizations are People's Regional Opportunity Program, Portland;
Rural Community Action Ministry, Leeds; Coastal Economic Development Corp.,
Bath; Community Concepts, Inc., South Paris; Kennebec Valley Community Action
Program, Waterville; Mid-Coast Human Resources Council, Rockland; Western Maine
Community Action, Inc., East Wilton; and Waldo County Committee for Social
Action, Lincolnville.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1990 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             154 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                             May 9, 2007 Wednesday

USDA offers funds for farm housing

BYLINE: Deseret Morning News

LENGTH: 183 words


The U.S. Agriculture Department has announced the availability of $52.5 million
in loans and grants to construct off-farm housing and help low- and
very-low-income homeowners make needed repairs.

USDA plans to make available $31.9 million for Section 514 farm labor housing
loans and approximately $10.5 million for Section 516 farm labor housing grants.
Requests for aid may not exceed $3 million combined for loans and grants. Grants
may not exceed 90 percent of total development costs. Applicants for farm labor
housing aid may include requests for Section 521 Rental Assistance and operating
assistance.

Additionally, the department said it will distribute $10.1 million to help
finance rural housing repairs through the Section 533 Housing Preservation Grant
program. The money is available to nonprofit organizations and public agencies,
to help homeowners and owners of multifamily and cooperative housing complexes
make repairs.

Applications are due June 18 and may be obtained by contacting the applicant's
USDA Rural Development State Office. For more information, visit
www.rurdev.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             155 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 29, 2012 Sunday
                              Correction Appended
                              Late Edition - Final

Turning Unused Acres Green

BYLINE: By JOHN LELAND

SECTION: Section MB; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1405 words


THE city of New York owns thousands of slivers of unused land, and about a year
ago, a group of Brooklyn gardeners had an idea: identify all the vacant lots in
the borough, then help neighborhood residents take them over. They built an
online map, then a mobile app, with information about the plots, including the
names and phone numbers of the agencies that owned them. They called themselves
596 Acres, after the total area of unused public land in Brooklyn, according to
city data.

On a recent Saturday, Paula Z. Segal, 34, a founder of the group, loaded up a
bicycle trailer with handwritten wooden signs and set off for points on her
interactive map, starting with 406 Nostrand Avenue in Bedford-Stuyvesant, a
narrow ribbon that belongs to the Department of Housing Preservation and
Development. Passersby stopped to watch Ms. Segal and a fellow volunteer, Eric
Brelsford, hang signs on the chain-link fence.

''This lot is public land,'' read one of the signs. ''It's very likely that they
would let you and your neighbors do something nice here -- maybe a farm or an
outdoor movie theater.'' When a woman pushing a shopping cart said she might
call the agency's phone number, Ms. Segal gently steered her in another
direction.

''Calling the number is an O.K. place to start,'' she said. ''It's better to
talk to your neighbors and see what they want to do here.''

Ms. Segal has a history of contesting the lines between public and private
space. In 2005, she and two friends docked an abandoned Navy rescue boat in the
Gowanus Canal, converting the 63-foot ship into an open space for art, politics
and hanging out. Amid complaints from neighbors, they were eventually evicted --
in part, Ms. Segal said, because of an article in The New York Times. Earlier
this year, as a law clerk at the firm Rankin & Taylor, she helped lead a
successful campaign to reopen Zuccotti Park, which city officials had fenced off
after evicting the Occupy Wall Street protesters. Afterward, she told The
Village Voice, ''I work to take fences down,'' adding, ''That's mostly what I
do.''

Born Paula Zaslavsky, she adopted the surname Segal in 2008, from her maternal
grandfather, the only member of his family to survive the Holocaust and the last
to carry the Segal name, she said.

The idea for 596 Acres grew out of a long and still ongoing effort to convert a
city-owned site in Clinton Hill into a park. In the course of organizing, Ms.
Segal became interested in a city database of publicly owned vacant properties,
which she felt could be useful for community groups. The raw data showed close
to 2,000 lots in Brooklyn. Working with researchers at the Center for the Study
of Brooklyn at Brooklyn College, Ms. Segal and her colleagues first eliminated
lots that already had community gardens or plans for use, and parcels that were
inaccessible from the street. They came up with a map of 1,044 properties,
covering about 250 to 300 acres, mostly in low-income areas with little green
space, said Mr. Brelsford, 29, a freelance computer programmer. With a $324
grant from the online fund-raising platform In Our Back Yard, which works like
Kickstarter for green projects, they printed 1,000 maps and began handing them
out or posting them on vacant lots. They put the map online last August. E-mail
messages started to come in, hundreds of them, from people who said they wanted
to help or be helped.

Tami Johnson had been trying for two years to create a community garden near her
home in Gowanus when she came across 596 Acres.

''My whole neighborhood is totally full of holes,'' said Ms. Johnson, 37, who
tests video games and plays drums in several bands. ''Developers came in, the
economy crashed, projects stopped, and they left holes all over the
neighborhood. And there are all these other lots that are trash pits.''

Ms. Johnson had tried to convert two lots, but had been unsuccessful. Through
the 596 Acres Web site, she found a lot on Bergen Street, and the name of
another gardener, Tom Hallaran, who was also interested in converting part of it
to grow produce. Mr. Hallaran, in turn, had been attracted to the lot -- long a
neighborhood eyesore -- by a sign posted by Ms. Segal on the fence around it.
Last summer, Ms. Johnson began lobbying city agencies for the land, this time
with better results. By March, volunteers had cleared off 30 to 40 trash bags of
debris.

On a cold Tuesday afternoon earlier this month, Mr. Hallaran and three other
volunteers tended to tomato seedlings at what they are now calling Feedback
Farms, which shares the Bergen Street lot with a traditional community garden
and the Textile Arts Center, which grows plants for botanical textile dyes.

Feedback Farms is an experiment in movable urban gardening. Because the soil was
considered contaminated, all the gardening is done in containers. And to get the
land, Ms. Johnson stressed that the garden was temporary, and the city or a
private owner could reclaim it at any time. So Mr. Hallaran, working with other
volunteers, designed a vegetable garden that could be moved on short notice,
using forklift pallets. In Our Back Yard provided a grant of $4,484 for the
garden.

Mr. Hallaran's online biography cites his work ''in bioinformatics at the
Washington University Genome sequencing Center, at a collective bakery, a
biofuels production plant, and in online advertising,'' as well as his interest
in gardening. The gardeners are experimenting with planters that are irrigated
from below, and equipped with electronic sensors that monitor their moisture
levels and relay the information to a server nearby.

Testing two soils and two types of planters, they expect to grow between 1,200
and 1,900 pounds of produce this season -- mainly tomatoes, Shishito peppers,
lettuce, kale and bok choy -- which they plan to sell to pay for the garden,
said Clare Sullivan, 32, an environment coordinator at the Earth Institute at
Columbia University (she is also married to Mr. Hallaran). The goal is to
replicate the most effective combinations on other lots around the city, she
said. ''We want a test case where we show we can use the land and leave,'' she
added.

Letitia James, a Brooklyn city councilwoman who has worked with 596 Acres, said
that city agencies were wary of community gardens becoming permanent
institutions, difficult to displace, as happened in the East Village. And often,
agencies face competing requests from groups that want affordable housing on
empty lots.

''They're afraid of the Occupy Wall Street mentality, that the gardens are going
to inherit legal rights, squatters' rights,'' Ms. James said. ''596 Acres has
made a huge difference, because it organizes people. But getting the city to
embrace the concept has been challenging. They move at a glacial speed.''

Beatriz De La Torre, an assistant commissioner of planning for the Department of
Housing Preservation and Development, said that the agency recognized that
gardens were a benefit to a community, but that its mandate was to build
affordable housing. The agency owns 673 unused lots in Brooklyn, of which some
are inaccessible or committed for use, and has made 141 more available to
gardeners, either temporarily or permanently.

''We take everything on a case-by-case basis,'' she said.

For 596 Acres, the progress has been slow. So far three gardens have been
started, covering just 0.233 acres. On a recent volunteer day, no volunteers
showed up to help Ms. Segal and her colleagues hang signs.

But earlier this month the group won a $4,000 award as the best green app from
the city's Big Apps contest, and a $1,000 grant from a group called the Awesome
Foundation for the Arts and Sciences to expand its map citywide.

In the meantime, would-be farmers are eager to get at some land, however far
from bucolic. At a scarred lot in the shadow of the Long Island Rail Road in
Bushwick, Ms. Segal hung a sign on the fence, hoping to attract volunteers for a
group called Brooklyn Permaculture, which has applied for use of the site. The
group has ambitious plans for what it calls a food forest, with trees and
chicken coops to feed 50 families, said Frank Addeo, 31, who works at a health
food store. He said Ms. Segal had helped him contact other groups to learn about
how they have navigated city agencies.

He remained guarded. ''I'm hoping H.P.D. will follow through, but I've been
disappointed in the past,'' he said. ''At this point, we haven't received a
clear answer.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: May 06, 2012



CORRECTION: An article in some editions last Sunday about a group of Brooklyn
gardeners who identify vacant lots in the borough and help neighborhood
residents take them over misstated the number of unused lots in Brooklyn
controlled by the Department of Housing Preservation and Development that it has
made available to gardeners. Of the department's 673 lots, 20 are being used for
temporary gardens, and it has also transferred 39 other lots to the Parks
Department as more permanent gardens; it has not made 141 lots available, either
temporarily or permanently.

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: VACANCY: A workshop in Williamsburg on taking over empty lots.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY TODD HEISLER/THE NEW YORK TIMES) (MB1)
PEACEFUL TAKEOVER: In Gowanus, a group from Feedback Farms, above, works on
planters to grow vegetables. Paula Z. Segal, right, is a founder of 596 Acres,
which is helping residents take over vacant lots. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY CHESTER
HIGGINS JR./THE NEW YORK TIMES
 TODD HEISLER/THE NEW YORK TIMES) (MB10)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                             156 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             October 2, 2006 Monday

S.D. shares in housing grant money

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 110 words


SIOUX FALLS, S.D. (AP) - South Dakota is sharing in almost $10 million awarded
across the nation for fixing up housing in rural areas, according to a release
from U.S. Agriculture Secretary Mike Johanns.

Neighborhood Housing Service of the Black Hills and Northeast South Dakota
Community Action Program each will receive almost $30,000. The money will help
preserve a total of 59 units, the USDA said.

The funds are from the USDA Rural Development Housing Preservation Grant
Program, which allows USDA Rural Development to make grants to nonprofit
organizations, local governments and American Indian tribes to renovate existing
low-income multifamily rental units.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2006 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             157 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 3, 2014 Wednesday

CONGRESSMAN THOMPSON ANNOUNCES $45,000 AWARDED TO WWISCAA, Inc.

LENGTH: 95  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Bennie G. Thompson, U.S Government has
issued the following news release:

Today, United States Representative Bennie G. Thompson (D-MS) announced The
United States Department of Agriculture/ Housing Preservation Grant Program has
approved a $45,000 grant to WWISCAA, Inc.

The rural development funds will be used to repair approximately 7-10 single
family homes in Warren, Washington, Issaquena and Sharkey Counties.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             158 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                              June 4, 2007 Monday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

GRANNY'S GIFT GETS HER HOME. She'd saved money, but a hand from a loved one made
this Brooklyn woman a homeowner

BYLINE: BY LORE CROGHAN DAILY NEWS BUSINESS WRITER

SECTION: YOUR MONEY; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 691 words


When single mom Onika Bright went to buy her first home, she got help from the
city and her bank. But it was a grant from her grandma that made the deal
happen.

Bright, a 32-year-old accounting assistant, had long wanted a home of her own,
but her quest went into overdrive after her son, Rahsaan Jackson, was born three
years ago.

She went about it like a pro. She had money deducted from her checking account
every two weeks and sent to her ING Direct savings account. She paid off her two
credit cards. She found a $5,000 debt on her credit report that wasn't hers and
had it removed.

She took classes from Brooklyn's Pratt Area Community Council and got grants for
closing costs - $10,000 from the city Department of Housing Preservation and
Development and $3,000 from her lender, Citi Mortgage.

But it was her 87-year-old grandmother, Doris Eastmond, who put her over the top
with a $10,000 gift for her down payment.

"I'm better than blessed," Bright said.

Bright was visiting Eastmond in Milton, Mass., when she mentioned her plan to
buy a home. Eastmond listened attentively, but said nothing until later that
day.

"If you can find something you can afford, I will give you money," Eastmond told
her granddaughter.

Bright, who makes $41,000 a year working at Coca Cola Enterprises in Maspeth,
Queens, had lived in her mother's Bedford-Stuyvesant brownstone for a decade,
paying $600 a month in rent. That family discount enabled Bright to save a lot
of money, but when her son came along, she decided they needed a place of their
own.

"Having a child changes how you think, how you spend your money, how you look at
your future," said Bright, who doesn't get any financial assistance from
Rahsaan's father.

Readying herself for a home search, Bright set some parameters. Her price limit
was $150,000, and she wanted a co-op so she didn't have to overly worry about
sudden breakdowns.

"What if my boiler broke? What about the roof?" she said.

A year ago, she found a place she liked on craigslist.com - a one-bedroom in a
building on Lenox Road in East Flatbush. But when she checked it out in person,
it was too small. But Marie Campbell, the real estate broker who'd showed it to
her, called two weeks later to say that a two-bedroom apartment in the same
building had become available.

It was being renovated when Bright went to visit. Kitchen appliances, still in
packing boxes, were standing in the living room. Yet there was plenty of open
space. And the hallway between the living room and the bedrooms looked as long
as a bowling alley. The 1,100-square-foot, ground-floor apartment was $125,000.

After telling her grandmother she'd found the right home, she put together the
rest of her financing, including a 30-year fixed-rate mortgage at 6.25%.

Her monthly mortgage and maintenance payments total $1,250, which is what she'd
expect to pay for a two-bedroom rental - at a minimum. The frugal Bright hasn't
splurged on a lot of furniture, and is still putting $75 from each paycheck into
her savings account.

Lately, she and Rahsaan, who's in preschool, are finding fun close to home. With
summer approaching, they've visited a nearby park and have taken in a
four-legged boarder - a kitten named Jay. When Rahsaan comes home from school,
he asks the kitten, "Jay, how was your day?"

Last Christmas, Bright got the chance to show her new place off to the woman who
helped make home ownership possible. Bright's tidy co-op was a big hit with her
family, especially her fresh-cut Christmas tree bought on New York Ave. "It made
the whole house smell so good," she remembered.

For Eastmond, her gift to her granddaughter was money well spent. "She's really
accomplished something. I'm really proud of her. A lot of young people are in so
much credit card debt."

SIDEBAR: Brooklyn home ownership rates

Top 5

Flatlands/Canarsie 60.8%

Sheepshead Bay 42.0%

Bay Ridge/Dyker Heights 39.2%

Coney Island 34.8%

East Flatbush 31.3%

Bottom 5

Crown Heights 19.3%

Brownsville 19.1%

G'point/W'burg 16.8%

Prospect Hts. 15.8%

Bushwick 13.6%

29.2 total percentage of Brooklynites whoown their homes

Source: NYU's Furman Center for Real Estate and Urban Policy

lcroghan@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CHART, Onika Bright, with son, Rahsaan Jackson, and kitten Jay, in
their East Flatbush co-op. Photos by Linda Rosier/Daily News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Daily News, L.P.


                             159 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           September 26, 2005 Monday

Federal government approves agriculture grants for projects in Oklahoma

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 221 words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture has approved $1.7 million in funding for
projects for Oklahoma.

Among the awards was a grant of nearly $500,000 to the Oklahoma-based National
Rural Water Association.

Ellis County will receive funding to install a new water system. The county will
obtain a grant of $479,225 and a loan of $183,000 to construct a distribution
system, which includes new underground water lines, a storage tank and two
wells.

A Community Facilities grant totaling $100,000 will go to the Pawnee Nation of
Oklahoma. The money will be used to rehabilitate two historic buildings and
establish an academy to provide higher education and trade training courses.

The Texas County Housing Authority in the Oklahoma panhandle will receive an
award of nearly $300,000 in a Mutual Self Help Housing Program grant. Under that
program, families work together under the direction of a contractor to build
their homes. The process enables families with limited incomes to move from
rental housing into homes of their own. Over the two-year life of the grant,
about 20 new homes will be constructed.

Six housing preservation grants totaling almost $200,000 will be used to
rehabilitate 31 single-family dwellings. Ten of the homes will be rehabilitated
by the Cherokee Nation.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             160 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

             Journal Record Legislative Report (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           September 26, 2005 Monday

Federal government approves agriculture grants for projects in Oklahoma

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 221 words


The U.S. Department of Agriculture has approved $1.7 million in funding for
projects for Oklahoma.

Among the awards was a grant of nearly $500,000 to the Oklahoma-based National
Rural Water Association.

Ellis County will receive funding to install a new water system. The county will
obtain a grant of $479,225 and a loan of $183,000 to construct a distribution
system, which includes new underground water lines, a storage tank and two
wells.

A Community Facilities grant totaling $100,000 will go to the Pawnee Nation of
Oklahoma. The money will be used to rehabilitate two historic buildings and
establish an academy to provide higher education and trade training courses.

The Texas County Housing Authority in the Oklahoma panhandle will receive an
award of nearly $300,000 in a Mutual Self Help Housing Program grant. Under that
program, families work together under the direction of a contractor to build
their homes. The process enables families with limited incomes to move from
rental housing into homes of their own. Over the two-year life of the grant,
about 20 new homes will be constructed.

Six housing preservation grants totaling almost $200,000 will be used to
rehabilitate 31 single-family dwellings. Ten of the homes will be rehabilitated
by the Cherokee Nation.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Government activity

                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                             161 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 3, 2014 Wednesday

CONGRESSMAN THOMPSON ANNOUNCES $27,028.47 AWARDED TO MOUNTAIN OF FAITH
MINISTRIES

LENGTH: 117  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Bennie G. Thompson, U.S Government has
issued the following news release:

Today, United States Representative Bennie G. Thompson (D-MS) announced The
United States Department of Agriculture/ Housing Preservation Grant Program has
approved a $27,028.47 grant to Mountain of Faith Ministries located in
Vicksburg, Mississippi. Mountain of Faith Ministries is an emergency homeless
shelter that house women and children.

The rural development funds will be used to assist four (4) very low-income
homeowners in repairing and rehabilitating their homes.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             162 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 3, 2014 Wednesday

CONGRESSMAN THOMPSON ANNOUNCES $27,028.47 AWARDED TO SOUTH CENTRAL COMMUNITY
ACTION AGENCY, INC.

LENGTH: 121  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the House of Representative Bennie G. Thompson, U.S Government has
issued the following news release:

Today, United States Representative Bennie G. Thompson (D-MS) announced The
United States Department of Agriculture/ Housing Preservation Grant Program has
approved a $27,028.47 grant to South Central Community Action Agency, Inc.  The
South Central Community Action Agency, Inc. provides assistance to individuals
in Claiborne, Madison, Rankin, Simpson and Walthall Counties.

The rural development funds will be used to assist two very low-income
homeowners in repairing and rehabilitating their homes.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             163 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                          September 21, 1999, Tuesday

NABE NEWS  COLLEGE GETS GRANT OF 400G

SECTION: Suburban; Pg.  1

LENGTH: 322 words


UNIVERSITY HEIGHTS Bronx Community College will share in $ 5.6 million in
federal grants announced yesterday by Vice President Gore for 14 colleges across
the nation serving low-income Hispanic communities.

The Bronx college will receive a Hispanic Serving Institutions Assisting
Communities Program grant of $ 400,000 to address a wide variety of needs
identified by block associations in Washington Heights in adjacent northern
Manhattan.

The local projects will include expansion of child care resources, job skills
training with enhanced English language and remedial supports, and economic
development activity.

The college will work with the Northern Manhattan Improvement Corp. and the
Northern Manhattan-Bronx empowerment zone.

Williamsbridge

As part of its month-long celebration of Home Ownership Month, the city's
Department of Housing Preservation and Development will sponsor a First-Time
Homebuyers Workshop tomorrow evening.

Two dozen events and workshops are being held around the city to showcase major
public-private homeownership initiatives, city investments and housing
education.

Tomorrow night's workshop, sponsored by the New York Mortgage Coalition and the
Neighborhood Housing Services, will be from 6:30 to 8 p.m. at the NAACP Daycare
Center, 680 E. 219th St. Call (718) 881-1180.

Norwood

Community Board 7 will hold its regular monthly meeting tonight.

The board, which also covers University Heights and Jerome Park, will meet at
6:30 in the board office at 229-A E. 204th St.

For further information, call (718) 933-5650.

Dobbs Ferry

Community Hospital at Dobbs Ferry will sponsor free prostate cancer screening
tests tomorrow and Thursday.

The tests, which include a digital exam and a blood test, will be from 5 p.m. to
7 p.m. tomorrow and 7 a.m. to 9 a.m. Thursday.

The hospital is at 128 Ashford Ave. Call for an appointment at (914) 693-0700,
ext. 3500.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1999 Daily News, L.P.


                             164 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              October 19, 1983, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

HOUSING TAX INCENTIVE OPPOSED AT CITY HEARING

BYLINE: By EDWARD A. GARGAN

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 675 words


New York City's most important tax incentive program for developers who
rehabilitate rundown housing came under attack from state lawmakers, community
groups and local officials yesterday as the City Council began hearings on
extending the program until 1988.

The program, known as J-51, grants a combination of tax abatements and
exemptions to developers who renovate apartment buildings. Over the last several
years, critics of the program have charged that the city gave millions of
dollars in tax benefits for the creation of luxury housing in Manhattan.

Last summer, Governor Cuomo signed legislation sharply limiting the amount of
benefits that a developer could receive under the program. The law requires that
New York City act to extend the program or it will expire.

The bill being considered by the Council would curtail benefits to most luxury
housing projects and deny benefits to any owner who is found guilty of harassing
tenants into leaving a building so it can be converted to a cooperative or more
expensive rental building. The bill also eliminates tax benefits to developers
who seek to convert single- room-occupancy hotels to apartments or cooperatives.


Housing Emergency Noted

At yesterday's hearing, held by the City Council Committee on Housing and
Buildings, the Koch administration urged Council members to designate about
one-third of the city - sections called Neighborhood Preservation Areas - in
which no limits on benefits would apply.

The Commissioner of Housing Preservation and Development, Anthony B. Gliedman,
insisted that unlimited benefits in these areas were needed to insure that
rehabilitation of derelict housing continued.

''We are very much in a deep housing emergency in the city,'' Mr. Gliedman said.
''There is a true vacancy rate of nondilapidated housing of minus 2 percent.
J-51 is the only way to generate investment in housing today.''

It was that position that provoked the sharpest reaction by critics of the J-51
program.

''Do not make these areas magnets and targets for those who would use harassment
and arson to drive out the poor for their own profit at taxpayer expense,''
warned Assemblyman Richard N. Gottfried, a Democrat from the Upper West Side.
''Neighborhood Preservation Areas need protection from the abuses of J-51 at
least as much, if not more, than other neighborhoods.''

Critic Warns of Conversions

Another longtime critic of the J-51 program, Councilwoman Ruth W. Messinger, a
Democrat from Manhattan's West Side, said the proposed bill would result in
large-scale luxury conversions of existing housing in Manhattan's Clinton
District, the Lower East Side and Manhattan Valley.

Both Mr. Gottfried and Miss Messinger asked that the Council leave to the
discretion of the community boards in Neighborhood Preservation Areas and the
Council whether to lift the cap on tax benefits for rehabilitation projects in
those areas. Neighborhood Preservation Areas are defined by the city as sections
where the housing stock is in need of rehabilitation.

In the last five years the number of apartments that have been renovated with
the aid of J-51 benefits has climbed steadily, from 40,998 in 1979 to 83,336
this year, according to the Department of Housing Preservation and Development.
The department said that since the inception of the J-51 program in 1951, more
than one million housing units had been rehabilitated with its tax benefits.

Last year, as state lawmakers struggled to draft new J-51 legislation, many
banks began cut back, or in some cases altogether stopped, granting loans to
developers who sought to rehabilitate apartment buildings and expected tax
relief under J-51. This time, although the City Council has yet to act, the
banks are confident that the program is not in jeopardy.

A second hearing will be held Friday for further public comment on the bill, and
a vote of the full Council could come as early as next Tuesday, according to
Thomas J. Manton of Queens, the chairman of the housing committee.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             165 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 9, 1987, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

PERSPECTIVES: J-51 EXTENSION;
Removal of Caps Will Spur Rehabilitation

BYLINE: By ALAN S. OSER

SECTION: Section 8; Page 9, Column 2; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 1182 words


NEW YORK CITY'S J-51 tax incentive program has been a driving force in the
rehabilitation of older residential buildings for years, but legislative changes
periodically alter the way it is used.

Two changes in the program were made in the legislative session that ended last
month. They are in a bill that extends the program until 1993, which is expected
to be signed by Governor Cuomo and subsequently approved by the City Council.

The J-51 program exempts buildings that are rehabilitated from additional
property taxes and the higher assessment that result from improvements. The
exemption usually runs for 12 years, but can extend to 32 years for a moderate
rehabilitation of a substantially occupied building.

In addition, properties may receive an abatement on existing taxes. In any year
the abatement cannot exceed 8.33 percent of the ''certified reasonable cost'' of
the improvements.

Council approval of the changes will probably result in more activity in two
major types of rehabilitation, according to housing officials and others in the
field: ''gut'' rehabilitations of vacant buildings, which basically produce new
units in old buildings at costs of up to $50,000 a unit, and moderate
rehabilitations in occupied co-op and condominium buildings, including
Mitchell-Lamas.

Moderate rehabilitation provides an intermediate level of new investment,
involving replacement of at least one major building system. Normally, it costs
at least $10,000 an apartment and leads to a new first mortgage. J-51 benefits
are also available for more modest building improvements, classified as major
capital improvements.

''The extension of J-51 was critical for keeping rehabilitation efforts
affordable to lower- and moderate-income New Yorkers,'' said Paul A. Crotty,
Commissioner of the Department of Housing Preservation and Development.

Middle-income New Yorkers will benefit as well. Legislators took the view that
it was important to encourage neighborhood renewal and the creation of
additional housing opportunities, especially outside Manhattan, even when the
beneficiaries are middle-income families.

Two key disputes were resolved by the Legislature. One concerned the
availability of J-51 benefits to co-ops that had been converted from rentals.
Under existing law, the benefits were available only for work completed within
36 months after the State Attorney General allowed sales by the sponsor to
begin.

Spokesmen for co-op boards wanted this broadened to give co-ops the same
privileges as rental buildings in obtaining J-51 benefits. But that, in effect,
would permit tax exemptions and abatements for owners of prime Fifth Avenue and
Park Avenue apartments, many of them built as co-ops and regularly upgraded
without tax incentives. And if they were to get tax abatements for improvements,
why not older single-family homes?

A compromise extended the time in which the work can be completed and still
qualify for J-51. The new limit is three years after the first closing to a bona
fide buyer in a condominium conversion or, in a co-op conversion, three years
after the first date on which shares are allocated to a buyer.


IF the work is not completed within three years, the building still will be
eligible for J-51 benefits if it meets two tests: the assessed valuation cannot
be higher than $30,000 an apartment at the time the rehabilitation started, and
the average sale price per room cannot be more than 35 percent of the maximum
mortgage amount of single-family homes eligible for purchase by the Federal
National Mortgage Association.

Since the Fannie Mae mortgage limit is $153,000 for a single-family house, the
J-51 benefit after three years would be limited to buildings in which the
average sale price is less than $53,550 a room - or about $240,000 for a
two-bedroom apartment.

If the work is started subsequent to the three-year period, it would qualify for
J-51 if it meets the assessed valuation and sale-price tests. But insider prices
would not count toward the averaging.

A lawyer in the co-op field, Paul J. Korngold, said buildings that have recently
converted to co-ops would be well-advised to start work within the first three
years. ''If they wait three years and a day they can't use the insider price,''
he noted.

The second major area of legislative dispute involved the so-called $38,000
assessment cap, which has been lifted in New York City, except for Manhattan
south of 110th Street. Since 1983, buildings whose post-rehabilitation
assessment exceeded an average of $38,000 an apartment have not been entitled to
the J-51 exemption, unless they were in a neighborhood preservation zone or
otherwise entitled to government benefits. The restriction was intended to
discourage conversions in Manhattan of older loft and hotel properties,reducing
the supply of low-priced housing and manufacturing space.

Conversions declined, but postconversion assessments were beginning to approach
or exceed $38,000 an apartment in the boroughs outside Manhattan.

It became clear, for example, that middle-income housing being built from
deteriorated buildings in the Borough Park section of Brooklyn would be
threatened by the cap.

The project, Borough Park Village, is being developed by Prime Resources Group,
in partnership with Housing Futures Inc., an arm of Arthur G. Cohen Properties.
It consists of five buildings, three with large duplex apartments for families
and two with smaller apartments for the elderly. In the duplexes, prices run
from $244,000 to $327,400 for a two-bedroom condominium, but the apartments are
large - 1,600 to 2,200 square feet - and the price per square foot is only about
$140. Most buyers earn less than $50,000 a year, said Shmuel Lefkowitz,
president of Prime Resources. Relatives often help them to make a down payment.

Potential taxes of about $3,700 a year in a two-bedroom unit would have made
them less affordable to much of the market, the builders said.

In Borough Park, and many other neighborhoods in Brooklyn and Queens with
underutilized and underfinanced older buildings, cap removal is likely to create
more conversions.

Technical as these changes may be, arduous legislative debate preceded them. The
Koch administration, for example, resisted the extension of J-51 benefits to the
Mitchell-Lama stock, arguing that it already has a considerable governmental
benefit. Manhattan legislators, advocates of the $38,000 J-51 exemption cap,
fought to retain at least the principle of a cap in the award of J-51 benefits
citywide.

The Koch forces accepted a compromise on the co-op eligibility issue that went
beyond what it had hoped, but won language that will keep J-51 benefits from
superluxury buildings.

The Legislature has broadened the use of J-51, but held to restrictions that
discourage conversions in high-assessment areas of Manhattan. It has stopped far
short of the liberal use of the incentive permitted in 1975 - the depth of the
city's real-estate recession. Opponents will be hard put to argue that
''superluxury'' buildings should get tax benefits.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphs of housing units grants J-51 tax benefits for major capital
improvements, moderate rehabilitations and gut rehabilitations and conversions
in 1987 (Source: Department of Housing Preservation and Development)

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             166 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            April 25, 1995, Tuesday

HOUSING JOBS FUNDED BUT VACANT

BYLINE: By DAVID L. LEWIS

SECTION: News Pg.  14

LENGTH: 466 words



The Giuliani administration failed to fill more than 200 jobs operating and
maintaining city-owned housing last year--even though the jobs were paid for by
the federal government.

The vacancies, in areas ranging from drug enforcement to emergency repairs,
occurred as the mayor slashed 348 city-funded positions at the Department of
Housing Preservation and Development since taking office.

Housing advocates charged that the job vacancies were sure to cut into such
services as lead inspections and boiler repairs for the residents of HPD's
21,427 occupied units.

But an agency spokeswoman, while admitting that the agency was hampered by
budget cuts, said there were even more unfilled jobs in the Dinkins
administration.

In a preliminary report on HPD programs, Giuliani's own budget office said
hiring constraints had a "direct" and "detrimental" impact on HPD's services
last year.

"The level and timeliness of service delivery has suffered," the Office of
Management and Budget said in a preliminary review released March 27.

But that assessment was watered down after the Daily News inquired about the
problems. OMB's final report, issued April 1, said the city's budget woes had a
"limited" impact.

HPD, which owns about 5,000 buildings 3,000 of them occupied got $ 163 million
in federal community development funds last year for 1,300 jobs, outside
contracts and direct grants to other service providers.

Housing advocate Anne Pasmanick said the performance report raises questions
about agency policy and operations.

"I think there's some real management problems there," she said. "It makes you
question whether or not the agency is really committed to funding these
activities."

City Councilman Archie Spigner, chairman of the Housing Committee, said the
agency needs to explain why the jobs were not filled.

"They're not [jobs] that are coming out of our tax levy," said Spigner
(D-Queens). "These are specific funds that are targeted at specific needs."

HPD spokeswoman Mara Neville said hiring is slow because of restrictions on
city-funded jobs, a buyout offer and the need to find qualified people.

Neville also said the Giuliani administration had lowered the number of
vacancies from 327 at the end of 1993. She said the vacancies have a minimal
impact on services.

"There has been a strain on existing staff, because they are doing the work of
more people in some cases," she said. "But we are striving . . . to provide
those services."

Paul Cataldo, who oversaw the report, said the city was not losing the federal
money just sitting on it until the positions are filled.

He also said OMB's original assessment of the program was softened because "that
was too strong a statement in comparison to the types of services provided."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1995 Daily News, L.P.


                             167 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 10, 1988, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

PERSPECTIVES: The Lefrak Plan;
Using Condo Sales to Assist New Rentals

BYLINE: By ALAN S. OSER

SECTION: Section 10; Page 9, Column 2; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 1420 words


SOUTH of Delancey Street, the Lower East Side is something of a housing museum.
Most of the governmental programs used to produce new urban housing since the
days when Alfred E. Smith was Governor are on view there.

The goal then and for years thereafter was to replace the notorious slums of the
late 19th century with decent housing in pleasant surroundings. Some of the
sites prepared for development after relocation and demolition at public expense
still remain unbuilt. But there have been many changes in housing policy over
the last 20 years. Not the least of the changes in the 1980's has been the
decline in both Federal and state programs to assist the production of new
housing for sale or rental at a below-market price.

At the same time, the value of city-owned development sites has risen,
especially in Manhattan. The Koch administration, which is putting large
quantities of capital-budget money into housing production, is also finding new
ways to capitalize on the value of city-owned land to generate housing for
income groups that the market would not otherwise serve - at least not with new
housing.

The latest technique is represented by the offer of the Lefrak Organization to
build 1,200 apartments on the last remaining major sites in the Seward Park
Extension urban renewal area on the Lower East Side. The Department of Housing
Preservation and Development, which issued a memorandum on the plan last month
to allow other builders to bid against Lefrak for the sites if they wish, calls
this an ''internal cross-subsidy.''

The successful bidder - so far only the Lefrak Organization, which worked out
the plan with the city, has taken it up - would build 400 condominiums somewhere
on the land and sell them at a market price. The profit on those sales would be
put to use on the sites for the 800 other apartments, all rentals. That subsidy,
plus the city's contribution of $25,000 for each rental unit, or $40 million,
would lower the debt-service requirements on the rentals sufficiently to make
them affordable to households earning roughly between $15,000 and $48,000 a
year.

When this plan was disclosed at an unusually early stage in the development
process last February, Mayor Koch expressed pleasure that a major builder would
be doing a large-scale project in the city again, forgoing the normal
developer's fee, typically 10 percent in governmentally assisted, Federally
insured rental developments. ''I want to attract 10 Sam LeFraks,'' he said. He
was pleased that Samuel J. LeFrak, chairman of the Lefrak Organization, had
shown himself willing to accept the substantial costs and market risk of
financing and building for-sale housing for a quite limited benefit - the
opportunity to build subsidized rentals. Mr. LeFrak calls it a ''gesture to the
city.'' Nevertheless, advocates of low-income housing promptly complained that
the plan would not benefit enough low-income people.

Whatever the claims or criticisms, the plan is interesting as a technique for
stimulating large-scale housing development, and making apartments available at
a cost well below the cost of development.

If it is assumed that condominiums are sold out at an average price of $230 a
square foot ($184,000 for an 800-square-foot, two-bedroom apartment), and they
can be built for $130 a square foot, then a ''profit'' amounting to $32 million
can be generated from condominium sales to lower the amount of mortgage debt
that the rentals must bear. In addition, the builder will put equity into the
rental project, which will earn a return no higher than 8.5 percent.

AND if the city put in $20 million as an interest-free second mortgage on the
800 rentals (similar to a cash grant but theoretically recoverable if the rental
building is sold), then the total subsidy would be $52 million.

Assuming that the rentals cost $125 a square foot to build, or $80 million, the
rents would then have to carry a mortgage of only $28 million. That is only
$3,500 per apartment a year in debt-service cost for the average 800-square-foot
apartment if interest rates are at 10 percent. Adding in operating costs and
nominal taxes, rents could be held to levels affordable to the intended
beneficiaries.

The largest of the Lower East Side sites, with 85,300 square feet, runs from
Norfolk to Clinton Street, with Delancey Street as the northern boundary and
Broome Street on the south. The contiguous smaller sites are 28,000 square feet
west of Norfolk Street, 21,500 square feet east of Clinton Street and 51,500
square feet between Broome and Grand Street, bounded by Suffolk and Clinton
Streets.

The site planning for the development is not detailed in the request for
qualifications. What is known now is that the wider urban-renewal environment
has taken on the government-housing look of post-1960 federally aided new
multifamily construction.

In the Seward Park Extension urban renewal area, this has meant new public
housing and new housing for the elderly. In order to sell condominium units at a
price sufficient to generate the subsidies needed for the rentals, a builder
will have to pay greater attention to marketability than the typical subsidized
rental does.

Much interest has focused, however, on who the beneficiaries of the new rentals
will be. And although much is made of the need for ''lower-income housing,'' the
more pertinent issue is how to expand the housing supply generally by easing and
speeding development conditions and providing workable subsidy programs for
those who cannot afford market prices.

Terms such as low-income, moderate-income and middle-income have different
meanings to the city and the Federal Government. To the Government, the term
low-income refers to households earning between 50 to 80 percent of the median
income in the metropolitan area. Families with incomes below 50 percent of
median are ''very low income.''

Tax-exempt financing is available only when 20 percent of the units rent to
people earning under 80 percent of median. The Lower East Side rentals are
expected to use tax-exempt financing.

From year to year the median is adjusted for inflation. Using current Federal
standards for the New York metropolitan area, a family of four is low income if
it earns $16,200 to $25,900 a year.

In the Lower East Side development, the terms of the memorandum of understanding
signed by the Lefrak Organization provide that 20 percent of the apartments must
be affordable to families earning no more than 80 percent of median. The rest
can earn up to 180 percent of median.

THE Koch administration, in describing its 10-year housing plan, spoke of low
income as below $15,000 a year (what the Federal Government considers ''very low
income''); moderate income as $15,000 to $25,000 a year (the current Section 8
low-income range); and middle income as $25,000 to $48,000 a year. It was silent
on adjusting the figures for inflation.

In these terms, the beneficiaries in the 80 percent group on the Lower East Side
will fall in the moderate- to middle-income level. Most will be toward the
higher end of the spectrum, perhaps, but many will be in the range eligible for
Section 8 rent assistance.

Actually, the development will ''back in'' to its required rents after it is
discovered how much subsidy can be wrung from the condominium sales. The lower
the cost for which the builder is able to produce the condominiums, and the
higher the price at which he is able to sell them, the larger the subsidy to the
rentals will be. The larger the subsidy, the lower the income level that can be
reached in the rentals.

Historically, the incentives to builders to participate in an assisted-housing
development have come from available tax write-offs, fees and return on equity
earned from rental operations, and, in principle, the ability to sell the
development after the mortgage is repaid and rents are allowed to move to market
levels.

Gradually these incentives have been eroded. The terms of the Lower East Side
plan include an option for conversion of the rentals into co-ops under a
noneviction plan after 20 years. A conversion could benefit the owner and allow
the city to recapture its investment and the appreciated value of the land, but
it might also make the subsidized apartments unaffordable for low and moderate
income families.

Despite reduced incentives, the internal cross-subsidy approach may be tried
elsewhere. The question is whether other large investment building companies
will be willing to participate.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos of urban renewal areas on Lower East Side at entrance to
Williamsburg Bridge with arrow showing location of condominiums and rental
residences proposed by Lefrak Organization (NYT/John Sotomator)

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             168 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Hoeven Announces $140,000 for Rural Housing Repair and
Rehabilitation

LENGTH: 160  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator John Hoeven has issued the following news
release:



 Senator John Hoeven, a member of the Senate Agriculture Committee and
Agriculture Appropriations Committee, today announced that the U.S. Department
of Agriculture (USDA) has awarded two grants totaling $140,000 for the repair
and rehabilitation of low-income housing in rural North Dakota. The Souris Basin
Planning Council and the Turtle Mountain Housing authority have each received
$70,000, made available through the USDA's Housing Preservation Grant program.





 "Access to affordable housing is a vital part of our communities' quality of
life and long-term growth," Hoeven said. "These grants will help maintain the
housing supply in Pierce County and the Turtle Mountain Reservation, ensuring
safe and affordable homes for families in these regions."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             169 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Hoeven Announces $140,000 for Rural Housing Repair and
Rehabilitation

LENGTH: 160  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator John Hoeven has issued the following news
release:



 Senator John Hoeven, a member of the Senate Agriculture Committee and
Agriculture Appropriations Committee, today announced that the U.S. Department
of Agriculture (USDA) has awarded two grants totaling $140,000 for the repair
and rehabilitation of low-income housing in rural North Dakota. The Souris Basin
Planning Council and the Turtle Mountain Housing authority have each received
$70,000, made available through the USDA's Housing Preservation Grant program.





 "Access to affordable housing is a vital part of our communities' quality of
life and long-term growth," Hoeven said. "These grants will help maintain the
housing supply in Pierce County and the Turtle Mountain Reservation, ensuring
safe and affordable homes for families in these regions."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             170 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  May 2, 1983, Monday, Late City Final Edition

RUNDOWN CITY BUILDINGS CALLED HOUSING RESOURCE

BYLINE: By LEE A. DANIELS

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 574 words


Residential buildings that New York City owns through tax foreclosures were
viewed last week at state hearings as a ''housing resource for the future,'' but
one that would require considerable subsidies.

The Koch administration's management of the buildings was both criticized and
praised in the hearings before the Assembly Housing Committee.

The residential holdings, many vacant and nearly all in significant need of
renovation, make the municipal government the largest landlord in New York City.
Nearly 100,000 people live in the 3,800 buildings that are occupied, and in
fiscal 1982 it cost about $170 million in city and Federal funds to administer
the operation. This was offset by only some $23 million collected in rents.

''It is staggering to think what this program represents in terms of human
lives, housing opportunities and cost,'' said Assemblyman Alexander B. Grannis,
chairman of the Housing Committee, at the start of the hearings.

Preservation Is Urged

Because of the drastic reduction of Federal housing aid and a lack of private
housing for the poor, he said, ''the thousands of buildings now owned by the
city must be carefully nurtured, for they are truly the city's housing resource
for the future.''

Tenants, community groups and city officials spoke at the hearings, held in the
State Office Building at 270 Broadway in Manhattan. It was the first such effort
to examine the purpose and scope of the city program, according to Assemblyman
Grannis, a Democrat-Liberal of Manhattan.

Anthony B. Gliedman, Commissioner of the City Department of Housing Preservation
and Development, told the committee that the Koch administration viewed the
program as ''an opportunity to do more than simply shelter residents, but to
recycle delapidated buildings into viable housing and return them to the tax
rolls.''

However, the Commissioner and his aides emphasized that the city was ''fighting
an uphill battle'' in that it was unlikely most of these buildings could be
restored without substantial public subsidies.

Stress on Salvage Asked

City Councilwoman Ruth W. Messinger of Manhattan said the city effort was
''commendable, but the program could work infinitely better.'' She said the
housing department should de-emphasize its policy of demolishing badly
delapidated buildings. Instead, she said, it should concentrate on saving them
and also helping more tenant and community groups assume ownership of the
buildings.

Bonnie Brower, executive director of the Association of Neighborhood Housing
Developers, composed of 30 housing groups in the city, asserted that the city
government was ''ambivalent'' about its stewardship of the property program. It
must stop vacillating, she said, between viewing the housing ''as either an
administrative migraine or the treasure of the Sierra Madre.''

Miss Brower maintained that this ambivalence existed because city officials had
yet to decide whether to develop the buildings primarily to house low- and
moderate-income people or to sell them in ways that reap the greatest financial
reward for the city.

Assemblyman Grannis said he hoped the hearings would not only produce
recommendations to improve the program, but would also be a ''first step'' to
greater state involvement.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             171 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                          December 24, 1998, Thursday

$67M FOR CITY FROM FEDS TO AID HOMELESS

BYLINE: By LEO STANDORA With Thomas M. DeFrank and News Wire Services

SECTION: News; Pg.  7

LENGTH: 160 words


New York City will get $ 67 million in federal funds to provide its homeless
with food, health care and the means to turn their lives around, President
Clinton announced yesterday.

The grants part of $ 850 million for the homeless nationwide include $ 59
million for long-term housing, job training and other programs, which will be
divided among 88 city social-service organizations.

The biggest chunk $ 10.3 million is earmarked for the Department of Housing
Preservation and Development.

The city got more than half of the $ 14.6 million given to the state for
emergency shelter and 60% of the $ 99 million in long-term grants.

"We want America not only to be a rich country, but one where everyone has a
place at the table," Clinton said at a Baltimore public housing complex.

He also pledged to request another $ 150 million for the homeless in his next
budget for the fiscal year starting Oct. 1 for a total of $ 1.125 billion.


LOAD-DATE: December 24, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: HARRY HAMBURG DAILY NEWS A RELAXED President Clinton awaits his turn to
turn to speak at Baltimore public housing complex where he announced $850
million program to aid the nation's homeless yesterday. Some $67 million of that
is earmarked for New York City.

                        Copyright 1998 Daily News, L.P.


                             172 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                Daily News (NY)

                             August 2, 2004, Monday

New apartments in New York City are tony but affordable

BYLINE: By Kevin Murawinski

LENGTH: 479 words



"Manhattan. All New! Two-bedroom penthouse apt. w/ large outdoor terrace,
panoramic views; 1-1/2 baths, abundant natural light: $ 200,000."

Wait a minute -- $ 200,000?

That's right. Thanks to the city's Housing Preservation and Development
Department and Housing Development Corp. -- which provided subsidies to cut
costs on land and construction -- plush digs are being served up at affordable
prices at a new West Harlem housing complex.

The seven-story Bradhurst Court will cover an entire city block -- bounded by
145th St., Frederick Douglass Blvd., 146th St. and Bradhurst Ave. -- and will
boast a full-size Pathmark supermarket and an underground parking garage.

The bargain price tags on the apartments are a far cry from the asking prices
for similar accommodations 60 blocks south, on the upper East Side, where a
four-bedroom penthouse goes for $ 12 million.

Because of the various government subsidies, would-be buyers will have to meet
income and other requirements for the 127 units, which have from one to three
bedrooms.

"We wanted to provide as many amenities as we could for people buying their
first home at an affordable price," said co-developer Jerry Salama, former
deputy commissioner of Housing Preservation and Development, who developed
Bradhurst Court with the Related Companies.

"It's a significant project," said Marvin Meltzer, whose Meltzer-Mandl
architectural firm designed the building. "A whole city block is getting
developed, which just doesn't happen very often -- especially in a dense urban
community like this."

Salama agreed it's rare in New York City that a whole block goes up in one
project. He also said this particular project has been on the back burner a long
time.

"This property was in the works for 20 years before we worked on it," Salama
said. "A number of developers couldn't get financing on it. With the Related
Companies, we were able to finally get it done."

Construction is about half to 60 percent completed.

The Pathmark, long sought by the local community and the key to the deal, will
become the largest in Harlem at about 45,000 square feet, making it the chain's
second full-size supermarket to open in the area between the upper West Side and
Washington Heights. The other Pathmark is at 125th Street and Lexington Ave.

Besides the Pathmark and the 188-car garage, the building will feature a
13,700-square-foot landscaped courtyard.

The downtown restaurant Maroon's also will be adding a franchise at Bradhurst
Court, with a bakery and a catering hall on the first floor.

Developers said half the units have been committed.

Interested applicants can call the marketing office at (212) 283-1000, or go to
its Web site at www.bradhurstcourt.com.


-----

To see more of the Daily News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.NYDailyNews.com.


LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: NY-AFFORDABLE-APTS-20040802

JOURNAL-CODE: NY

               Copyright 2004 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                         Copyright 2004 Daily News (NY)


                             173 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 16, 1991, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Postings: Rehabilitation Struggle;
At Last, Open for Tenants

SECTION: Section 10; Page 1; Column 3; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 246 words


New York stories are often about small victories over long odds. Such a story
had a happy ending in the Bronx last Tuesday when the Castle, a renovated
223-unit, seven-building complex of Tudor-style apartments at 1950 Andrews
Avenue, opened for tenants after years of struggle over the management of the
Federal housing rehabilitation grant that helped pay for the project.

The Castle was originally foreclosed by the city for nonpayment of taxes during
the recession of the mid-70's. In the following years, a struggle dragged on
between community groups and the Department of Housing Preservation and
Development over ownership of the building. A group of housing activists claimed
they held the mortgage on the property, while the city insisted that foreclosure
was final, and picked Sydney Engel, of Lynbrook, L.I., for a gut rehabilitation.

The squabble delayed and almost derailed a $3.8 million rehabilitation grant
under the Federal Housing Development Action Grant program the city had
obtained. In the end the city won out, and lent Mr. Engel $12.7 million for the
$20 million project, along with a $1.4 million grant.

In exchange for the subsidy, Mr. Engel agreed to reserve 20 percent of the
apartments for low-income families, and the rest will be rented to families of
moderate means.

Rents for the one-, two- and three-bedroom apartments range from $320 to $603 a
month for low-income tenants, and from $536 to $736 for moderate-income
families.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                             174 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                August 24, 1992

SECTION: AFFORDABLE HOUSING; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 381 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


A total of 265 new condominiums will be built for moderate-income families in
the South Bronx.

Construction will be made possible through $ 11 million in grants from the
state's Affordable Housing Corp., which has poured more than $ 58 million in
affordable housing grants into the Bronx, and the New York City Department of
Housing Preservation and Development.

Additionally, the State of New York Mortgage Agency provided $ 6.8 million to
insure the construction loan.

The project, Melrose Court will be developed by the non-profit New York City
Housing Partnership and will be built by Procida Construction.

The construction of the 4.5 acre Melrose Court, located between East 156th and
159th Streets and Brook and St. Ann's Avenues, "not only means home ownership
for 265 families, it also means several hundred construction jobs, a shot in the
arm for the local economy and the promise of a stable community with a solid tax
base," said Angelo Aponte, New York state director of housing.

The development will feature two and three bedroom condominium residences and
targets families with annual incomes between $ 25,000 and $ 50,000.

Residences are projected to sell for $ 52,000 for a two bedroom to $ 73,000 for
a three bedroom.  One hundred homes have been pre-sold.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             175 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           September 12, 1997, Friday

SINGLE MOM GETS HOME SHE ALWAYS HOPE-D FOR

BYLINE: By DONALD BERTRAND

SECTION: Suburban; Pg.  2

LENGTH: 392 words


Jennifer Williams, teacher and single mother, had one of her fondest wishes come
true yesterday she is now the owner of a three-bedroom Cape Cod home on a
tree-lined street in St. Albans.

Williams said she has dreamed of owning a home since coming here from Jamaica in
1983, but never thought she would be able to afford it.

Then she heard about HOPE 3 (Homeownership Opportunities for People Everywhere),
a grant program of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development that
rehabilitates single-family homes for sale to first-time homebuyers.

Under the HOPE program, the city's Department of Housing Preservation and
Development and the nonprofit Neighborhood Housing Services were awarded a grant
of $ 2.6 million to rehabilitate 28 vacant city-owned houses.

European American Bank also provided $ 2.7 million in construction financing and
is providing the homebuyers with a 30-year fixed-rate mortgage.

"I'm so excited. I can't believe this is all happening," said Williams yesterday
as she stood next to the kitchen in her new home on Grayson St.

Williams, a teacher at Public School 156 in Laurelton, was selected to purchase
a HOPE home through an HPD-supervised lottery.

She said she can hardly wait to move from her two-bedroom apartment in the
Bayview Houses in Canarsie to the house, which she'll share with her two sons,
Duane, 15, and Caswell, 9, and a 19-year-old niece.

"The combined efforts of public-private sectors have proven to be the most
effective vehicles for creating the kind of housing that leads to real change in
New York City," said HPD Commissioner Richard Roberts.

The homes being renovated under the program are in southeast Queens (9), north
central Brooklyn (15), the South Bronx (3) and the north shore of Staten Island
(1).

The other Queens houses and the ones in the Bronx will be ready for occupancy
within 30 days, said David Beer, director of housing development at NHS.

First-time homebuyers earning up to 80% of the median city annual income are
eligible, said Beer.

Sale prices on the homes range from $ 65,000 to $ 130,000.

For her neighbors on Grayson St. the now-occupied home means that their street
is once again whole.

"That house had been vacant for 10 years," said Edward Williams. "We are happy
to have a family living there once again."


LOAD-DATE: September 12, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BILL TURNBULL DAILY NEWS I'M HOME: Jennifer Williams swings open the
door to new home she bought in St. Albans with the help of government grants.

                        Copyright 1997 Daily News, L.P.


                             176 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Taos News (New Mexico)

                           October 21, 2010 Thursday

HABITAT PRESERVES FAMILY HOME FOR FUTURE GENERATIONS

BYLINE: J.R. LOGAN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A-4

LENGTH: 575 words


By J.R. Logan

The Taos News

Margaret Ferná ndez' 100-year-old adobe home south of Taos has served as the
backdrop for much of her life. She grew up there. It's where she did her
homework by candlelight and canned vegetables from the family garden.

It is where her sister was born. It's where her grandmother died.

And with support from Habitat for Humanity of Taos, it is a place where she and
the rest of her family will continue to make memories.

Ferná ndez' home is one of three in Taos County that are being renovated by
Habitat.

The work is partially being paid for by a $65,000 from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture through its Housing Preservation Grant program.

Dozens of friends and family members came Friday (Oct. 16) to see the grant
awareded. Ferná ndez said she was up until 4:30 a.m. that morning getting ready.

For her it was a big moment.

Without the financial help that came from Habitat and the USDA, Ferná ndez said
she would never have been able to get the house in livable shape.

The original two rooms were first built by her grandparents, Pedro José Ferná
ndez and Socorro Martínez de Ferná ndez, in 1913. Margaret Ferná ndez and her
parents moved there from La Cañada in 1936, and it's where she spent the rest of
her childhood.

"We would gather there for funerals, weddings, graduations," Ferná ndez said.
"It was a happy environment. There were a lot of challenges, but a lot of good
nurturing."

Ferná ndez left New Mexico as a Dominican nun, and lived in several places
across the country during her career.

The house in Taos became hers in 1969, but she didn't come back to live there
until 1991. Ferná ndez retired early because of her advancing rheumatoid
arthritis and relied on social security for her income.

Because of her health problems and fixed income, and because many close family
members had passed away, she had almost no resources to maintain the house.

As recently as last year, the roof leaked and she had birds and bees living in
the walls. "I used to say, 'Saint Francis, I like animals, but don't let them
keep destroying my house,'" Ferná ndez joked.

The house remained in disrepair until Ferná ndez responded to an ad in the
newspaper placed by Habitat for Humanity.

Ferná ndez applied for assistance with a massive renovation project and was
accepted. Though the organization is known for building new houses for those in
need, Habitat for Humanity executive director Cynthia Arvidson said Friday that
these sorts of projects were a nice addition to that mandate.

She said it was important to preserve these historic structures and make them
safe so that the elderly can remain in them.

The USDA's housing program is designed to help repair and rehabilitate homes
belonging to low- and very low-income residents.

Contractor Felipe Santistevan, who specializes in the restoration of adobe
buildings, signed on to do the project. Construction started in mid-July, and it
has included replacing the roof and installing a bond beam to improve the
structural integrity of the building. But both the building's interior and
exterior maintain much of their original appearance.

The Oct. 15 finish date has been pushed back, and Ferná ndez, who is living with
relatives while the work is being done, said she is eager to move back into her
childhood home.

"That's a place of meditation, of healing. It's where I have time to read and
time to jot down things," Ferná ndez said. "I ask God to give me a long life so
I can enjoy it."

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 The Taos News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             177 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            November 6, 2006 Monday
                                  City Edition

OKLAHOMA CITY ;
Museum spotlights veterans

BYLINE: Staff and Wire Reports

SECTION: NEWS; STATE BRIEFS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 356 words


The Oklahoma History Center is giving all veterans and current service members
free admission to the Oklahoma History Center to celebrate Veterans Day on
Saturday.

The center is at 2401 N Laird Ave. in Oklahoma City.

A special exhibit focuses on Choctaw and Comanche Indians from Oklahoma who
served as code talkers for the U.S. Army in World Wars I and II.

A companion exhibit prepared by the Smithsonian Institution takes a larger look
at Indian code talkers from across the nation.

These exhibits will remain on display through Jan. 15, museum director Dan Provo
said.

The museum is open from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday through Saturday and from noon
to 5 p.m. Sundays.

MIAMI Tribe gets grant for home repairs

The Eastern Shawnee Tribe, based in Miami, landed a $47,168 federal grant to
help tribe members with home repairs.

The money was made possible through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural
Development office in Stillwater.

The housing preservation grant program is for making improvements to existing
homes in rural Oklahoma.

TULSA Police ranked best-dressed

The Tulsa Police Department has been honored as the nation's best dressed law
enforcement agency.

Fechheimer Brothers Co., a uniform manufacturer, and the National Association of
Uniform Manufacturers and Distributors gave the award to the department
Thursday.

"Tulsa's police officers are the front-line ambassadors of the city and often
the only contact citizens have with their government," Police Chief Dave Been
said. "Our officers wear top-notch uniforms every day."

NORMAN Hit song wins award for Keith

Toby Keith's hit "As Good As I Once Was" has won country song of the year during
the BMI Music Awards.

Keith also shared BMI's songwriter of the year prize with Vicky McGehee and Ed
Hill as the performing rights organization Broadcast Music Inc. handed out the
awards Saturday.

Each had writing credits on three of the performing rights organization's top 50
most performed songs of the past year.

Keith's three songs on the list were "As Good As I Once Was," "Big Blue Note"
and "Honkytonk U."

The singer called the BMI event "my favorite awards show."

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             178 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                             August 7, 2016 Sunday

Great Barrington's Newsboy statue renovation almost complete

BYLINE: By Eoin Higgins ehiggins@berkshireeagle.com @BE_EoinHiggins

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 430 words


GREAT BARRINGTON   Visitors to Great Barrington coming from the West will have a
restored Newsboy statue to welcome them into town in September.

"The statue is an important public monument," Great Barrington Historic
Commission Chairman Paul Ivory said. "It's a paean to the common man."

The Newsboy statue was a gift to the town in 1895 from resident Col. William L.
Brown. Brown was a newspaperman and politician that made Great Barrington his
home at the end of his life. The Newsboy was repaired for its centennial in
1995, but the repairs did little to stop the deterioration and corrosion of the
statue, so the Historic Commission applied for a grant to fully remediate the
statue.

The statue is being remediated thanks in part to a grant from the Great
Barrington Community Preservation Committee. The Committee assigns Community
Preservation Act grants to projects in the town that meet the act's guidelines.
The act itself is "a state law through which communities may fund projects for
four purposes: open space preservation, creation of community housing,
preservation of historic buildings and landscapes, and the creation of
recreational resources."

Committee Chairman Tom Blauvelt said he was happy with the project.

"We supported the project," he said. "The Newsboy statue is a historic monument
for the town. We think the funding was worthwhile."

The cleanup on the statue was extensive. The Historic Commission chose
Cambridge-based Daedalus Art Restoration to do the bulk of the fixing of the
statue's "poor condition," Ivory said.

The cleanup included scraping off layers of the anti-corrosion lacquer
"incralac" which is made specifically to protect bronze from the elements. Over
time, Ivory explained, the lacquer became corroded and cracked. So, Daedalus
washed and removed the incralac and then reapplied it on the base bronze of the
statue.

"The core of the project is done," Ivory said. "Now we're working on trying to
fix the fountain."

The fountain in the statue has not been operational for decades, but today two
of the four heads are working with the basins. The Historic Commission has hired
local Gilmore Plumbing to replace the pump. The last pump burned out because it
had no shut off. The new pump shuts off automatically.

Once the work is complete, the funding will be turned to annual maintenance for
the statue. Daedalus will give the Historic Commission instructions for
inspections once the project is completed.

"We'll have annual inspections," Ivory said. "Annual maintenance is really
crucial for large outlays of funding for a project like this."

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             179 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                          September 10, 2008 Wednesday

Funds to aid home rehab in Doña Ana County colonias

BYLINE: Sun-News report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 131 words


WASHINGTON   Tierra Del Sol Housing Corp. has received $57,769 in federal funds
to repair and rehabilitate three homes in Doña Ana County colonias.

The funding will come from the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural
Development Housing Preservation Grant program.

Sen. Pete Domenici, R-N.M., said Wednesday that more than $114,000 will be
available for Tierra Del Sol and Habitat for Humanity in Taos. The USDA funds
will be supplemented with an additional $155,000 in matching funds.

"Both of these programs are helping families in their communities achieve the
security and benefits of owning a home," Domenici said. "I am pleased the USDA
is supporting their important work through these federal grants."

Both housing programs are aimed at mitigating homelessness in their communities.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2008 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             180 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    December 11, 1988, Sunday, Final Edition

Low-Income Housing Law Survives Court Challenge;
1987 Statute Preserves Subsidized Units

BYLINE: Ann Mariano, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A6

LENGTH: 748 words


In the first test of the constitutionality of a 1987 law to preserve low-income
housing, a federal judge has upheld the law, ruling that owners of a federally
subsidized apartment building in Chicago illegally increased the rent of some
residents and sent eviction notices to others.

U.S. District Court Judge James B. Moran's decision last week is a victory for
the 600 residents of a 22-story building on Chicago's North Side, where some
tenants had faced rent hikes of 25 percent to nearly 50 percent.

Moran said owners of the building cannot raise rents or sell the property until
they comply with the 1987 law, the Emergency Low-Income Housing Preservation
Act, which requires the owners to prove that tenants would be able to find
comparable housing in the same neighborhood and would not otherwise be "unduly
burdened."

Moran's ruling affects only the Chicago building, but it could influence a
class-action suit filed last month in federal court in Raleigh, N.C., by
apartment building owners. The owners claim the law imposes conditions on the
sale or conversion of property for low-income people to market-rate housing that
are virtually impossible to meet and thus violate the Fifth Amendment.

The Chicago owners also argued that the emergency housing act is
unconstitutional because it denies them due process and takes private property
without just compensation.

Defenders of the legislation, which expires next year, say drastic measures were
needed because the number of poor Americans is growing while the supply of
housing they can afford is dwindling.

In his decision, Moran said Congress passed the emergency act "to maintain the
status quo" of subsidized housing, because "tenants would otherwise be
displaced, causing a crisis in this country's national housing programs." The
judge said the law does not deprive the Chicago building's owners because the
company continues to own the structure "and will continue . . . to receive
reasonable rental returns."

"The importance of the decision is that it's the first case where there's been a
ruling on the constitutionality" of the 1987 act and because it sends a signal
to other owners that the law "should be enforced," said William P. Wilen, an
attorney for the tenants.

Lawyers for the building owners could not be reached for comment.

Moran's ruling came in a class-action suit filed by the residents against the
owners, 833 Buena Joint Venture, the Department of Housing and Urban
Development, and the American National Bank and Trust Co. of Chicago. HUD, which
was required to supervise rent rates and operation of the subsidized buildings,
illegally allowed the owners to pay off the mortgage and free themselves of
low-income rental restrictions. The bank loaned the building's owners $ 2
million, most of which was used to repay the mortgage.

The 209-unit Chicago building is among hundreds throughout the nation that got
federally insured loans at 3 percent to 3 1/2 percent interest in return for
agreeing to keep rents low for at least 20 years. Before the 1987 act was
passed, owners were free to pay off the loans at the end of 20 years and raise
rents, sell the buildings or convert them to condominiums. An estimated 330,000
poor Americans live in housing covered by these types of mortgages and could
face displacement during the next 10 years unless Congress takes other action
when the law expires. Many of the buildings are in areas where housing prices
have escalated.

Moran also upheld the retroactivity provision of the law, which makes it apply
to any mortgage payments made on or before Nov. 1, 1987, the date a joint
Senate-House conference committee approved the legislation. It was later passed
by both houses and signed into law by President Reagan on Feb. 5, 1988. By
making the act retroactive, "Congress wanted to bar those owners who knew of the
legislation and, desiring to avoid its effect, would prepay the remaining
mortgages while the legislative process delayed enactment," Moran said. Nothing
in federal housing law "surrendered Congress' 'enduring' right" to authority
over federal housing programs, he said.

Between Dec. 21, 1987, and Feb. 5 of this year "three or four of the 73 owners
of the various . . . buildings around the nation that reached the 20-year
threshold between Nov. 1, 1987, and Feb. 5, 1988, attempted to privatize by
prepayment" of their mortgages, Moran said in his ruling. Owners of the Chicago
building paid off its mortgage Jan. 4.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1988 The Washington Post


                             181 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 3, 1985, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

ARTS GROUPS OPPOSE PLAN FOR CLINTON

BYLINE: By SAMUEL G. FREEDMAN

SECTION: Section C; Page 13, Column 4; Cultural Desk

LENGTH: 930 words


The leaders of three major Manhattan arts groups are opposing an urban renewal
plan for the Clinton neighborhood because it would give the city the right to
raze their building. The proposal is expected to come before the city Planning
Commission on Sept. 9.

Officials in the city's Department of Housing Preservation and Development say
that if the building, at 549 West 52d Street, is demolished they will relocate
the three arts groups -Women's Interart Center, Ensemble Studio Theater and
Soundscape.

But leaders of the groups say they do not believe the promises, and city
officials acknowledge that many commercial and residential tenants in Clinton,
which is experiencing much public and private development, greet city assurances
with similar skepticism.

''We've heard the city may relocate us, but we've had no specifics, so we're
nervous,'' said Eric Murkoff, the managing director of the Ensemble Studio
Theater.

''I think the same thing is true with a lot of people in Clinton,'' said Charles
Perkins, the assistant commissioner of Housing Preservation and Development.
''There's a distrust and it's a difficult thing to resolve.''

A Changing Neighborhood

All three arts groups moved into Clinton in the early 1970's, when the
neighborhood ''looked like Berlin after the war,'' according to Margot Lewitin,
the artistic director of Women's Interart Center. The city had designated the
area for urban renewal in 1949, she said, but ran out of money for the project
before completing it, leaving a landscape of vacant lots and empty buildings.

Since moving into the then-abandoned building at 549 West 52d Street, the three
groups have made it a hub of artistic activity. The Ensemble Studio Theater,
best known for its annual festival of one-act plays, has produced new works by
writers including David Mamet, Horton Foote, Christopher Durang and Shel
Silverstein. Women's Interart has produced or co-produced the New York premieres
of several plays by the West German dramatist Franz Xaver Kroetz (''Request
Concert,'' ''Through the Leaves'') as well as the television broadcast of
''Tongues,'' a collaboration between the writer Sam Shepard and the director
Joseph Chaikin. Soundscape, known primarily for producing jazz and ethnic-music
concerts, some of them as part of the Kool Jazz Festival, gives its space in the
549 West 52d Street building to several sculptors for studios.

The leaders of the three arts groups say that they have been able to function
largely because they pay relatively low rent in the building. Women's Interart
pays the city $1,300 a month for four and a half floors of the 10-story
building. Soundscape pays $508 a month for two floors. Ensemble Studio Theater
pays $262 a month for two and a half floors.

Residential Development Plan

In the last three years, Miss Lewitin has tried to buy the building from the
city for $400,000, establishing it as a nonprofit arts center and retaining all
the current tenants. But after city officials expressed interest in the sale -
as indicated by correspondence between Miss Lewitin and Anthony Gliedman, the
Commissioner of Housing Preservation and Development - it decided against making
the deal.

''I don't think we're ready to do it with them,'' Mr. Perkins said. ''With the
need for housing that there is, we believe the site is better used for
housing.''

Residential development is the crux of the urban renewal plan for Clinton. The
proposal calls for the city to sell sites at the northwest and southwest corners
of West 52d Street and 10th Avenue, one to the Glick Associates developers and
the other to Siegel-Brodsky developers.

Under the city's plan, both developers would construct apartment buildings, with
80 percent of the units renting at market rate and 20 percent set aside for
low-income tenants. The Glick building would have 379 total units, the
Siegel-Brodsky 279 units, Mr. Perkins said.

These housing plans would affect the arts groups because the city wants to
designate land at West 52d Street near 11th Avenue - including the structure
housing the arts groups - for demolition and subsequent relocation of commercial
tenants displaced by the Glick and Siegel-Brodsky apartments. The city's urban
renewal proposal calls for the site including the 549 West 52d Street building
to ''be acquired and cleared'' and ''disposed of for the construction of
residential, commercial and community facilities.''

Community facilities, Mr. Perkins said, might well include spaces for the three
arts groups. ''We plan to make provisions for the theaters,'' he said. But he
added, ''I don't want to be more specific about what kind of provisions now.''

May Be Forced to Close

The lack of specific plans disturbs leaders of the arts groups. Should they lose
their current building - and the low rents they pay - they say they may be
forced to close.

''All of us have been working with emerging talent,'' said Verna Gillis, the
director of Soundscape, ''and the only way we've been able to do that is with
low rent.'' Mr. Murkoff of Ensemble Studio Theater said: ''At market rate, our
rent would triple. It would be a catastrophe.''

The dispute between the arts groups and the city also has attracted the
attention of the New York State Council on the Arts. Kitty Carlisle Hart, the
council's chairman, has written to Commissioner Gliedman, suggesting that the
city return to the plan to sell the 549 West 52d Street building to Women's
Interart. The council has given $1.5 million in grants to Women's Interart since
1970, according to Mrs. Hart.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of Margot Lewitin (NYT/Dith Pran)

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             182 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 30, 1983, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

CITY EXPANDING ITS HOME-LOAN PROGRAM

BYLINE: By GEORGE W. GOODMAN

SECTION: Section 8; Page 7, Column 1; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 972 words


AFTER just a year in operation, a city-sponsored program s ubsidizing
low-interest loans to moderate-income homeowners will be e xpanded because of
what its director describes as an expression of c onfidence by the banking
community.

Jennifer Wallace, who administers the Home Improvement Program under the
auspices of New York City's Department of Housing Preservation and Development,
said that since the program began last January, the city had helped 511 low- and
moderate-income homeowners in selected neighborhoods acquire loans totaling
$3.04 million.

In its second phase, to begin after current funds are spent, the program is
expected to make available about 1,600 loans totaling more than $10.3 million.

The loans are for such things as structural repairs, roof work, insulation,
heating and plumbing work for one- to four-family owneroccupied dwellings. There
are strict income limits, including a $40,000 ceiling for a family of four.

During its first phase, Mrs. Wallace said, the program has turned over $780,000
of a $1.4 million Federal grant to 12 local banks participating in the program.
The banks have used the funds to subsidize interest payments, many of which were
made at 10.5 percent a year ago when market rates were around 19 percent.

''In selecting communities we tried to zero in on low- to moderate-income
neighborhoods, but there was no single approach,'' Mrs. Wallace explained.
''Some of the communities we chose had once received help through the
now-defunct Federal Section 312 rehabilitation loan program.'' Others had never
received any such assistance, she said, adding: ''We were looking for
communities where we believed there would be interest.''

To assist applicants, Joan Edwards, deputy director of the Sunset Park
Neighborhood Preservation Office, an H.P.D. subsidiary, said her group and other
community organizations frequently filled out forms for elderly persons and
those who have difficulty with these procedures.

''Sometimes we discover that a family has been turned down because a credit
rating service has mixed them up with someone else with the same name,'' she
said, ''and we help them re-apply.''

In contrast to Section 312, which banking spokesmen, loan applicants and even
Government officials criticized for inherent delays, the application process for
Home Improvement Program loans is considerably faster.

According to Roger Williams, vice president and director of community affairs
for the Dime Savings Bank, ''We get a check from the city, do all the paperwork
and make our decision usually within a week.''

Mr. Williams, a member of the Housing Preservation and Development agency's
advisory group, helped design the original proposal for the program, which was
motivated by the Reagan Administration's discontinuance of Section 312 loans.

With Ronald Schiffman, executive director of the Pratt Institute Center for
Community and Economic Development, Mr. Williams said he approached officials of
H.P.D. ''because we wanted to help a substantial market of people in need.''

''I'm sure that when we first made the rounds explaining ourselves some of our
peers thought we were crazy,'' he added. ''We think we've since won them over.''

One of those won over is Rachel Thaler, a resident of 1398 Union Street, in the
Crown Heights section of Brooklyn, who remembers feeling ''trapped in a
bottleneck after applying too late for a Section 312 loan.''

''We would have been in over our heads and stuck in a real mess were it not for
the new loan program,'' Mrs. Thaler said, ''even though the $10,000 we've
borrowed is only a drop in the bucket of what our total costs have been.''

(In the current phase of the program, there is a ceiling of $10,000 on loans.
Mrs. Wallace said that, pending approval, the ceiling would be raised to $15,000
for the second phase.)

Mrs. Thaler, a special-education teacher and mother of five children, said she
and her husband, a biology statistician, had replaced wiring and plumbing and
erected new walls in their semiattached, three-story home. ''We don't mind being
locked into the 10.5 percent rate, even though current rates are lower,'' she
said, ''but we do wish our payback period was 20 years instead of 10.''

In contrast to the Thalers, Teresa Post, a hospital administrator who borrowed
$10,000 to renovate a three-story residential structure in the Bronx, said she
has chosen to pay the loan back in five years instead of ten.

''I didn't want to be saddled with paying a long-term loan,'' she said.
''However, I would have borrowed twice as much money had it been available. I
got new windows, new plumbing, electrical work, ceilings and walls and even put
new tile in my bathrooms.''

She could afford the job, Mrs. Post said, because ''my brother knew how to do
the work.'' Milton G. Wright, an assistant vice president for Manufacturers
Hanover Trust, which has posted a $5 million commitment, the largest allocation
yet made by a participating bank, said that lending institutions did not oppose
extending the maturity period five more years, which is allowed by Federal
regulations, but that it would mean higher interest rates.

But Anthony B. Gliedman, Commissioner of Housing Preservation and Development,
said it was unlikely that the maturity period would be extended. ''We'd be
reluctant to have time lengthened because the rate, currently 8 percent, would
have to be raised,'' Mr. Gliedman said. ''As things stand, the program has
rather nicely stepped in to fill the breach created by the loss of 312.

''We think we are providing a service to the city, helping small homeowners
maintain their homes and we plan to continue.'' Additional information may be
obtained by writing the Home Improvement Program, 100 Gold Street, New York,
N.Y. 10038, or telephoning 212-566-0144, -0145 or -0252.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photo of Teresa Post and Edwin Wagner

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             183 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Richmond County Daily Journal, Rockingham, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 13, 2010 Wednesday

Grant to aid low-income families

BYLINE: Hollie Nivens, Richmond County Daily Journal, Rockingham, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 460 words


Oct. 13--Richmond County has received a grant for $90,000 for the United States
Development Authority Housing Preservation board and will be used for home
rehabilitation and repair for low income families.

The grant will be used in combination with the $200,000 for the Single Family
Rehabilitation Program which provide grants to low-income rural homeowners that
need essential repairs to their homes, including weatherization and removal of
health and safety hazards.

Applications can be picked up at the office of Sandy Ridley located at City Hall
at 5145 Rockingham Road the deadline is Friday. Proof of ownership and income
will be required. Those who have applied for housing assistance from the county
will not be automatically reconsidered a new application will need to be
submitted.

"We're very grateful for this grant and we sure do appreciate it," said Kenneth
Robinette, chairman of the Richmond County Board of Commissioners. "There is a
lot of need for rural counties like Richmond, and we can sure use all we can
get. Sandy Ridley does such a great job writing the grants, and I just want to
reach out and thank Congressman Kissell for this."

Sandy Ridley said that the housing improvements are an ongoing act in Richmond
County.

"We appreciate the support of the local governments in our efforts," she said.

Typical repairs include installation of insulation and energy efficient windows,
roof repair and replacement, water supply improvements and septic system
repairs.

Robinette said the grant will be approved at the Nov. 1 meeting.

"We will put the funds to good use," he said.

The selection of units will be made on Nov. 15. The minimum work on the home
that would need to be done is $5,000. The maximum is approximately $40,000. For
more information contact Ridley at (910) 997-5546.

"I'm committed to doing all I can to ensure the safety and well-being of our
families," Rep. Larry Kissell said. "This funding will help make sure Richmond
County families in need have safe and secure homes in which to live and raise
their children. I will continue to fight to bring our hard earned money back
home to take care of the people of this district."

Staff Writer Hollie Nivens can be reached at (910) 997-3111 ext. 19, or by
e-mail at hnivens@yourdailyjournal.com

To see more of the Richmond County Daily Journal, or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.yourdailyjournal.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Richmond
County Daily Journal, Rockingham, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services. For more information about the content services offered by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com,
e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United
States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101013-RU-Grant-to-aid-low-income-families-1013-20101013

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RU


                                 Copyright 2010


                             184 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                             March 26, 1995, Sunday

BYLINE: By AUSTIN EVANS FENNER

SECTION: Suburban Pg.  1

LENGTH: 948 words

LANDLORDS WANTED to take over city-owned buildings.

No money down. Landlords can charge market rates, will receive $ 5,000 rebate.
Purchase Price: $ 250 to $ 750 per apartment. Financing available. Inquire at
City Hall. IF YOU THINK THIS is a sweetheart deal that sounds too good to be
true, think again.

The city's Department of Housing Preservation and Development recently selected
11 "property managers" including five in Brooklyn to acquire and renovate
hundreds of "in rem" residential and commercial properties.

In rem properties are those the city took possession of after private landlords
fell into tax arrears.

HPD is the landlord for some 2,900 occupied and 1,700 vacant buildings.

The new program, dubbed "Building Blocks," is part of the Giuliani
administration's ongoing effort to cut the city's bloated budget by privatizing
some functions and services that traditionally have been handled by municipal
government.

The hope is that the newly designated private landlords will rescue dozens of
buildings from decay and abandonment and turn them into habitable housing once
again.

But that's exactly what worries some observers, including a group called the
Task Force on City-Owned Property, which is evaluating the new property manager
program.

Officials of the task force fear that turning over city-owned property to
private parties will diminish the affordable housing stock, especially in
impoverished neighborhoods, where many of the in rem buildings are located.

"The market is tight for affordable housing," said task force chairman Harry
DeRienzo. "The city is simply looking to unload these buildings. They are not
concerned about maintaining affordable housing."

He noted that a significant percentage of city-owned property is abandoned or
has high vacancy rates, in some cases as high as 30%.

"To make these buildings work, you either take them out of the affordable
housing sector or you subsidize the hell out of them with government subsidies,"
said DeRienzo.

DeRienzo said the average annual income for families who live in buildings
affected by the new program is less than $ 7,000. He said those families will
not be able to afford the rents the property managers are expected to charge
once they rehabilitate the buildings.

The five Brooklyn-based property managers are Martha Hundley, representing Agape
Realty; William Lucas of William R. Lucas, Inc.; Darren Pearson of Darren K.
Pearson Real Estate Management; David Young and Adele Selby of Nasher Owners
Corp., and Larry Hirschfeld.

All 11 of the property managers are participating in one aspect of the Building
Blocks program, called the Neighborhood Entrepreneurs Program.

Other Building Blocks programs are the Tenant Interim Lease program, which
allows tenants to form cooperatives and own their own buildings, and the
Neighborhood Redevelopment Program, which allows community not-for-profit groups
to do the same.

This year, HPD expects to sell 2,500 units through the program. About 2,000 will
be bought under the NEP and NRP programs, and the remaining 500 will be parceled
out under the TIL segment. HPD's 10-year plan, for 1995 to 2005, would have
1,100 city-owned housing units enter the Neighborhood Entrepreneurs Program each
year.

HPD officials refute task force members' concerns, insisting that Building
Blocks is a viable program.

"The program will not only preserve affordable housing, but make it better
quality housing," said HPD spokeswoman Mara Neville.

"Many of the buildings are in desperate need of repair," she said. "The
low-income housing tax credits and the federal housing funds have restrictions
that insure these units will remain affordable for a minimum of 15 years."

HPD officials did say tenants' rents would increase after the renovations were
completed, but added that federal Section 8 subsidies would supplement the
balance of the increased rent. Plans call for tenants to be relocated while
renovations are done.

Pearson, whose Bedford-Stuyvesant-based operation specializes in acquiring
distressed properties or those in receivership, strongly disagrees with the idea
that NEP would chip away at the amount of available affordable housing.

"The program is to make sure that the tenants will receive quality housing based
on being a human being, not on their economic status," said Pearson. "HPD chose
entrepreneurs like myself because I will see that the buildings are not only
properly renovated, but well maintained."

Hundley's son Van, a manager for Agape Realty, which is acquiring a cluster of
Franklin Ave. units, acknowledged there is concern about the future of
affordable housing.

"HPD is overwhelmed with the number of units under city control," said Van
Hundley. "Many of the units Agape will receive fall under the restraint of the
state's rent stabilization, so [their rents] can only be increased by state
law."

Van Hundley said Agape's new units will have a 30% vacancy rate. Agape plans on
renting the vacant units to moderate and middle-income families.

He believes having tenants with a range of incomes will not only improve the
conditions of the buildings, but also the surrounding neighborhood.

"The focus of the program is to help people receiving public subsidies live in
better conditions," he said.

Meanwhile, Jay Small, executive director of the Association for Neighborhood
Housing Development a low-income housing advocacy group is concerned that the
Building Blocks program has no provision for the homeless.

"We are saying tenant protections have not yet been produced by HPD," he said.
"But, we are hopeful that a dialogue with them will prove fruitful."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1995 Daily News, L.P.


                             185 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

New York: N.Y.C. Housing Aid

                            October 18, 2004, Monday

By Michael McDonald



The Enterprise Foundation, a Maryland-based affordable housing group, has
pledged $5 million to New York City with the expectation that the money can be
leveraged to generate $1 billion in new investments to create and preserve a
total of 15,000 affordable homes, Mayor Michael Bloomberg announced Thursday.

The foundation, with support from major financial institutions and through a
group called Enterprise New York, will work with the city's Department of
Housing Preservation and Development to "provide equity, loans and grants" to
create 10,000 new homes and preserve 5,000, the mayor said in a statement. It
will also provide grants and technical assistance to community-based
organizations in the city.

Bloomberg unveiled a $3 billion affordable housing plan two years ago with the
goal of creating and preserving 65,000 homes. The plan calls for investing $500
million that is being taken out of the reserves of the New York City Housing
Development Corp., which issues tax-exempt housing bonds for the city. The mayor
said the Enterprise Foundation's investment will come on top of the $3 billion
plan.

The final value of the foundation's pledge, the New York Times reported, will
depend on the federal low income housing tax credit and other government
subsidies, which could change. For instance the Bush administration has recently
tried to makes cuts to the federal Section 8 housing voucher program. Federal
funds account for 52% of the city's housing budget.

Copyright 2004 Thomson Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.thomsonmedia.com http://www.bondbuyer.com

SECTION: NORTHEAST BOND-WATCH; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 267 words

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo, Michael Bloomberg

                      Copyright 2004 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             186 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            March 16, 2017 Thursday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

$20M hit seen for rent aid

BYLINE: BY BEN KOCHMAN NEW YORK DAILY NEWS With Jillian Jorgensen

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 342 words


CUTS FROM THE Trump administration could deliver a major blow to the city's
affordable housing, officials warned Wednesday.

The head of the city Department of Housing and Preservation - which receives 86%
of its funds from federal grants - said it will see at least $20 million vanish
from rental assistance programs affecting 39,000 New Yorkers.

That's on top of more than $75 million in cuts the New York City Housing
Authority is expecting - and before Trump has even released his initial budget,
which the city fears will further gut housing services.

"There will likely be tough choices ahead to make," testified Housing
Commissioner Maria Torres-Springer at a City Council hearing.

The department, which builds and preserves affordable housing and enforces
building code violations, expects $635 million in federal aid in 2018, including
$489 million in rental subsidies like Section 8.

Another $135 million comes from the federal block grant program, which helps pay
for repairs and inspections at city buildings.

President Trump will propose eliminating the entire $3 billion grant program in
a budget draft to be released Thursday, The New York Times reported.

City housing officials, citing uncertainty in Washington, provided no details
about which services could wind up on the chopping block - instead vowing to
keep fighting the cuts.

NYCHA Chairwoman Shola Olatoye warned earlier this week that federal cuts could
lead the city to stop making daily repairs after 4:30 p.m and reduce Section 8
vouchers.

Mayor de Blasio's plan to build or preserve 200,000 units of affordable housing
in 10 years is mostly funded by the city's budget, but federal cuts could
indirectly slow that process down by creating problems elsewhere, housing
advocates say.

De Blasio has vowed to fight possible Trump cuts, but his budget director
admitted earlier Wednesday the city was likely to take a financial hit.

"Will there be cuts? Of course there will be cuts," Budget Director Dean
Fuleihan said during a panel discussion hosted by the Association for a Better
New York.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NLVL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 Daily News, L.P.


                             187 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Smithfield Herald (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 27, 2010 Wednesday

Selma gets by with help from grants

BYLINE: Paul A. Specht, The Smithfield Herald, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 366 words


Oct. 27--SELMA -- A record number of federal grants aided Selma through a lean
fiscal year 2010, finance officers said at last week's town council meeting.

Town Manager Richard Douglas said Selma received more than $1.2 million in
grants.

"Increasing the fund balance in the down year was a huge accomplishment,"
finance chief Erica Walters said, referring to the town's cash reserves.

In a flat fiscal year, the town didn't collect revenue where it expected it.

Selma saw a significant drop in interest income in 2010, Walters said. The town
collected a mere $11,000 in 2010 -- down from fiscal 2009, when it collected
$50,000. Selma also exceeded its budget for garbage pickup.

However, with its grant money, Selma was able to pursue a slew of projects,
including automation in the water and sewer department, new in-car cameras for
town police, a new fire truck and renovations to the fire station.

And soon, homeowners in Selma will have a chance to slash their energy bills on
the government's tab.

Selma is one of five communities in North Carolina to receive a $90,000 federal
grant to improve low-income housing.

Selma will choose homeowners based on their income level, energy bills and age,
among other qualifications.

The town may use the grant money to make general repairs, such as installing or
improving plumbing, or to weatherize and make homes more energy efficient.

U.S. Rural Development awarded 163 Housing Preservation Grants to town and
county governments, public agencies, federally recognized Indian tribes and
nonprofit and faith-based groups in the United States.

Other recipients in North Carolina were Brunswick County, Richmond County,
Mountain Projects Inc. and Martin Community Action, Inc.

aspecht@nando.com or 919-836-5758

To see more of The Smithfield Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.smithfieldherald.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Smithfield Herald,
N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101027-SQ-Selma-gets-by-with-help-from-grants-1027-20101027

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SQ


             Copyright 2010 The Smithfield Herald (North Carolina)


                             188 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 27, 1990, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

New York Acts to Take Over Co-op

BYLINE: By ALAN FINDER

SECTION: Section B; Page 4, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1017 words


New York City housing officials have moved to take over a publicly subsidized,
middle-income housing cooperative on Manhattan's Upper West Side, where auditors
accused the co-op's board of engaging in ''irresponsible behavior.''

The city is taking the unusual step of seeking to remove the board of the co-op,
at 303 West 66th Street, saying it has ''systematically violated'' city rules
that limit the incomes of those eligible to buy apartments, according to a
report from the Department of Housing Preservation and Development.

Under the law, the city cannot remove a board without first giving it 30 days to
correct violations. City housing officials notified the board last Friday that
they were seeking its removal. The city has not yet decided how the board could
correct the violations, but it could require that illegal tenants be removed or
that estates that are holding apartments be forced to sell them - actions that
would be extremely difficult to accomplish within 30 days.

Subletting Violations Cited

Besides income violations, the city report cited other improprieties at the
building, which is known as Lincoln Guild. The estates of deceased residents
have retained 39 apartments, subletting them for huge profits or keeping them
vacant, the report said.

In addition the owners of as many as one-quarter of the 420 apartments - which
were built under a city program to create affordable housing - may be subletting
them, keeping them vacant or using them part-time, according to the report.

Because most of the practices do not violate specific rules in the contract
between the cooperative and the city, they represent ''moral abuses, as opposed
to legal abuses,'' said Felice Michetti, the Commissioner of Housing
Preservation and Development.

The decision to seek the removal of the seven-member board for ignoring the
income restrictions ''is a signal that says that many of the things that
happened here were really blatant abuses,'' Ms. Michetti said.

The city initiated the audit after The New York Times reported in February that
estates had retained apartments in the cooperative and were keeping them vacant
or subletting them.

A group of residents at Lincoln Guild contended then that the practice
represented an improper use of a public resource. Ordinarily when a tenant in a
subsidized co-op leaves or dies, his apartment is sold for no profit at a very
low price to the next eligible person on the waiting list.

Violations Are Denied

The lawyer representing the board of directors said the members had broken no
rules. An audit in 1987 found no violations, said the lawyer, Howard Schechter.
City regulators were aware then that the income restrictions were no longer
being enforced, he said.

Mr. Schechter said the co-op did not have to enforce the guidelines after its
25-year contract with the city expired in July 1986. City officials maintain
that the rules must be applied because the building still receives a partial
exemption from municipal property taxes.

To buy a subsidized co-op, applicants generally must have an annual income of
less than eight times the annual cost of the apartment's maintenance and
mortgage. If the monthly fee is $400, for example, the applicant would have to
make less than $38,400 a year.

Samuel Weinbaum, the board president, contended that Lincoln Guild had no
authority to prevent estates from holding apartments.

The city auditors who examined the cooperative's books in April determined that
39 apartments were then held by estates and that 45 more had been transferred to
relatives either by an estate or by a living shareholder since July 1986.

Sublets and Vacancies

At least 19 apartments were being sublet, the audit found, often at rents three
and four times the monthly carrying charges of $300 to $400. Monthly maintenance
is low, in part because of the tax exemption.

The auditors also found that monthly bills for 107 of the 420 apartments were
sent to alternate addresses. ''It can be assumed that these are either being
sublet, left vacant or used only part-time by the shareholder,'' the report
said.

The city cannot prevent estates from holding apartments in such a co-op because
of a 1988 court ruling. In a case involving a Brooklyn cooperative, Justice
David B. Saxe of State Supreme Court said that while he did not think a public
asset like a subsidized apartment should be handed down from generation to
generation, he had to allow the practice because the city had failed to devise
specific regulations forbidding it.

The ruling applies to the 13 co-ops in the program, which are known as ''Article
5 redevelopment companies.'' Regulations for apartments in the city's largest
subsidized co-op program, known as Mitchell-Lama, permit them to be passed on
only to members of a deceased owner's immediate family who have been living in
the apartment.

Income Limits Asked

City housing officials say the court ruling allows them to require that heirs
meet the income guidelines for Lincoln Guild before taking an apartment -and
that is the basis of their challenge to the board.

Should the board be replaced, its effort to make Lincoln Guild a private co-op
could be thrown into disarray. The board, along with many residents, supports
such a conversion, which requires a vote by a two-thirds majority of the
shareholders.

The building would lose its tax exemption if converted, but all restrictions
would be dropped, including one limiting apartment sale prices. Units for which
owners paid $15,000 to $20,000 would be worth at least 10 times their purchase
price.

The shareholders who first raised questions about abuses at Lincoln Guild are
trying in court to prevent the building from leaving the public program. They
have obtained an injunction temporarily blocking a vote.

''The purpose of this complex has been turned on its head,'' said Robert
Hartman, a lawyer representing the dissident group. ''It was designed to provide
homes for middle-income individuals, and instead it has become a vehicle for
enrichment for shareholders and their heirs.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1990 The New York Times Company


                             189 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             July 25, 2006 Tuesday
                                  All Editions

County agency gets funds for housing units;
$186,428 to rehabilitate, make homes handicapped-accessible

BYLINE: BEURMOND BANVILLE OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B2

LENGTH: 355 words

DATELINE: CARIBOU


A U.S. Department of Agriculture grant of $91,428 will be partnered with $95,000
in other funds through the Northern Maine Development Commission to repair and
rehabilitate 30 housing units in Aroostook County.

Joella McBreairty, the grant administrator for the NMDC, said the money will be
used to help people make their homes handicapped-accessible.

Partners in the project are the Aroostook Area Agency on Aging, the Aroostook
County Action Program and Alpha One. The NMDC and these partners will be putting
in the additional $95,000.

The money can only be utilized in towns that are part of the Aroostook County
Empowerment Zone.

McBreairty said they had requested $200,000 from Rural Development. The local
project was ranked third nationwide and received about half the money requested.

She said another grant will be submitted next year for projects in communities
that are not part of the Empowerment Zone.

"Our priority is to keep people in their own homes," she said. "We will work on
projects to construct ramps, bathroom modifications, whatever it takes to keep
people in their homes.

"We will also do modifications for people who are in nursing home programs and
can return to their modified homes," she said. "We will do work projects that
people need."

The NMDC applied for the grant in June and received word last week that The
County project was approved.

Once the money is received, the project will work through town offices, where
applications will be available.

Professionals from ACAP will visit the homes of applicants to assess needs in
the home.

Sens. Olympia J. Snowe and Susan Collins announced the grant from the USDA Rural
Development Housing Preservation Grant Program on the weekend.

"The grant program provides critical funds to organizations working in rural
areas to improve housing conditions for disadvantaged residents," they wrote in
a joint press release. "We applaud the Northern Maine Development Commission for
the work that it does to help build a healthy and diverse economy for all the
people in Aroostook County."

The USDA's rural development mission has invested $63 billion nationwide since
2001.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Bangor Daily News


                             190 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 13, 1981, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

KOCH PLAN FOR 2,200 NEW HOUSES IN JEOPARDY, BUILDERS SAY

BYLINE: By RONALD SMOTHERS

SECTION: Section 8; Page 4, Column 1; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 1677 words


''We're building affordable homes for working New Yorkers. This isn't just a
promise. You'll be able to check on its progress over the next year.'' -Mayor
Koch, Feb. 12, 1981, announcing a program to build 2,200 moderately priced,
federally subsidized, one- and twofamily homes in troubled city neighborhoods.

Mayor Koch made this pronouncement as he stood in a rubble-strewn lot in the
Carroll Gardens section of Brooklyn. Now, nine months later, Federal
budget-cutting fever coupled with red tape may jeopardize the full realization
of this program.

The homes in question are planned largely for city-owned sites improved with
local and Federal funds. They would carry mortgages guaranteed by the Federal
Housing Administration and mortgage subsidies under the Section 235 program
administered by the Department of Housing and Urban Development.

With this kind of assistance, which sharply lowers the interest on the loan the
builder gets, officials had hoped that moderate-income families could afford to
buy homes in 17 communities throughout the city. Additionally, the hope was to
improve the areas dramatically by building homes in blocks of 20 to 100, a scale
more common to suburbs where farmland or wooded and isolated areas yield to
housing.

''We're the only city around doing something like this,'' said Ronald Marino,
assistant commissioner in charge of intergovernmental relations for the
Department of Housing Preservation and Development.

Last June, however, Congress and the Reagan Administration, distressed at the
annual complexity of budgeting for such long-term outlays as mortgage subsidies,
put a halt to any new funds for the Section 235 program. In addition, lawmakers
amended the Housing Act to require developers to have ''firm commitments'' for
the sale of all homes in Section 235 projects by March 31, 1982, or lose the
subsidies.

Merritt Meyer, the managing partner of Mermaid-Neptune Development Corporation,
with offices in Manhattan at 2315 Broadway, which has been designated to build
448 homes on three sites in Coney Island, said that his company believed at the
time the deadline was imposed that it could meet its requirements even though it
had not broken ground for a single house. The projects are called Saltaire
Gardens, Bayview Gardens and Botticelli Gardens.

To do so, it decided to sell homes from plans, a risky marketing approach to a
project in which success depends in large measure on the capacity to improve an
entire neighborhood. Convinced that such an approach was possible, he said, the
company advertised, began excavation and opened a sales trailer in mid-November.

''We already have 70 signed commitments to buy from people who passed our
preliminary credit checks,'' said Mr. Meyer. ''There is great interest and I
think if we had a model home, there would be a stampede.''

The deadline on qualifying for subsidies has become more of a problem in recent
weeks with indications that the required F.H.A.  appraisals of the proposed
homes were running 20 percent to 25 percent below their selling prices.

If the Federal agency does not guarantee mortgages closer to or in excess of the
purchase prices, it is unlikely that local lenders will grant mortgages, city
officials pointed out. This, in turn, would mean the developers could gain no
''firm commitments'' on purchases. Moreover, without full mortgage guarantees,
H.U.D. is not likely to approve the mortgage subsidies.

According to Mr. Meyer and others, homes with price tags of $60,000 to $66,000
have been appraised by the F.H.A. at $45,000 to $50,000.  The problem, they
said, is that the appraisers are familiar with the criteria of the Section 235
program as they apply to communities in Nassau and Suffolk Counties, but not
with the application of the program to city neighborhoods.

''I think there is a philosophical problem here,'' said Randy Lee, attorney for
the Metropolitan Homestead Corporation, the proposed developer for 200 homes in
the South Jamaica section of Queens.  ''This is a special program and it takes a
philosophical commitment to its success for someone to arrive at a reasonable
valuation. But the appraisers are citing H.U.D. rules that required that they
consider the value absent such things as the subsidies, tax abatements and city
improvements.''

Mr. Lee said that the difficulty relating to appraisals was particularly
frustrating because the city and the developers have been successfully planning
and promoting these projects with Federal housing officials for more than two
years.

''But with the change of administrations last January, suddenly we are dealing
with the 'Pharoah who knew not Joseph,' '' he said, borrowing a phrase from the
Old Testament story.

Mr. Lee's clients have opened a sales trailer in South Jamaica, but sales have
been sluggish because they are unable to predict with any accuracy the ultimate
monthly mortgage payments. And because of this uncertainty, a developer
proposing to build 74 homes in the Bedford-Stuyvesant section of Brooklyn has
temporarily scrapped plans to open an on-site sales pavilion.

Mr. Meyer said he hoped the appraisers would take into consideration the
demonstrated market interest in the proposed Coney Island homes. According to
city housing officials, the 70 prospective buyers so far are evenly divided
among whites, blacks and Hispanic people from all over the metropolitan area.

Under the Section 235 program, families with incomes under $26,000 a year can
qualify for Federal mortgage guarantees on rates up to 15 1/2 percent as well as
Federal mortgage subsidy of 6 3/4 percent of the lending institution's market
rate. The result is effective rates as low as 8 3/4 percent on 30-year
mortgages.

In addition, the program requires down payments as low as 4 percent of the
purchase price. For families of five with annual incomes up to $33,000, monthly
mortgage payments are limited to one-quarter of their gross pay.

Charles Reiss, deputy commissioner in the city's Department of Housing
Preservation and Development, said the city was trying to get an amendment to
the Federal subsidies deadline covering the city program. The amendment would
exempt all comprehensive development plans that, like the Section 235 program
projects here, provide for local support such as capital improvements, tax
abatements, urban renewal funds, land writedowns or Federal Community
Development funds.

One of the ironies of the deadline on qualifying for subsidies, Mr. Reiss said,
is that projects bolstered by Federal Urban Development Action Grants - funds
usually used to purchase land or finance infrastructure improvements that will
enhance development - have been exempted.

Such projects have until September 1983 to come up with ''firm commitments'' on
sales, he said. Some 300 planned homes in the Bronx and Brooklyn, out of the
1,992 that the city plans to build under the 235 Program, qualify for this
extended deadline.

''We have been arguing that the intent of Congress was not to restrict what we
were doing since they exempted our South Bronx houses from the deadline,'' said
Mr. Marino of the city's Department of Housing Preservation and Development.

''We are doing the same thing with city funds at the other sites that we are
doing with Federal funds in the South Bronx. But the law is written quite
explicitly and H.U.D. has been unwilling to make an administrative exception.''

Mr. Marino said that Representative Charles E. Schumer of Brooklyn and Senator
Alfonse M. D'Amato had agreed to introduce the city's requested amendment in
Congress, a move that city officials believe will give them more time to resolve
the difficulties they are having with the F.H.A. appraisals.

''But if the city and F.H.A. can't work out something on the appraisals, an
extension of the deadline won't mean a thing,'' said Mr. Meyer, whose company's
investment so far has been ''well into the six figures.''

''We live in hope and die in despair,'' said Mr. Lee of his clients' jitters as
they proceed with their plans in spite of the uncertainty. ''It's a program that
everyone wants but the time element is driving everyone crazy.''

Following is a list of the 235 Program projects in the city, their locations,
the developers and the number of units: Bronx: East Tremont section, 62 homes,
Shnay Construction Company; South Bronx, Tiffany-Fox I, 24 homes, Property
Resources Inc., and Tiffany-Fox II, 46 homes, South Bronx Community
Organization; Morrisania section, 87 home, IHC Construction; Crotona, 120 homes,
Shnay Construction.  Brooklyn: East New York, 101 homes, MMRR Construction
Corporation; Bushwick section, 34 homes, Fulton Park Development Corporation;
Brownsville, 255 homes, MMRR Construction; Prospect Heights, 50 homes, MMRR
Construction; Bedford Stuyvesant, 74 homes, Fulton Park Development Corporation;
Coney Island, Salt Air Gardens, 133 homes, Botticelli Gardens, 135 homes, and
Bayview Gardens, 180 homes all by Mermaid-Neptune; East Flatbush, 66 homes,
Catholic Charities; Carroll Gardens, 165 homes, Columbia Street Development
Corporation; Borough Park, 56 homes, Southern Brooklyn Community Organization.
Manhattan: Harlem, 27 homes, Housing Innovations Inc.; Lower East Side, 66
homes, Two Bridges Settlement Corporation.  Queens: South Jamaica, Greentree
Estates, 210 homes, Metropolitan Homestead Co.  Staten Island: Mariners Harbor,
24 homes, Harbor Associates.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: drawing of proposed Saltaire Gardens

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             191 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 18, 1985, Monday, Late City Final Edition

FOR COMIC, CITY JOB PROVIDED A FUNNY BUT FRUSTRATING TALE

BYLINE: By JOYCE PURNICK

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 861 words


It seemed a splendid idea: Set up a city-run telephone information service for
people with housing problems and make the taped messages light and humorous.
Hire a writer more familiar with stand-up comedy than the city's Housing Code.
Tell him to write informational but funny messages about housing. Offer him
enough money to make the job worth his while.

That was in 1980. Five years and thousands of dollars later, New Yorkers are
still without a housing information service, although one is promised for this
spring. The comedy writer has a story to tell worthy of one of his routines. And
the city has a stack of light-hearted scripts about everything from rent
stabilization to urban vermin.

This, for instance, is how the message for roach-sufferers begins:


''Hi! Oh, I'm glad you called! Can you hold on a second?''

(Off microphone) Smash!

''I got you, you devil!''

(Into the phone) ''Hi, how are you doing? Hold it!''

''Oooo gross. There's one on the phone.''

(Smash!) ''I can't believe these cockroaches. I think they're wearing little
crash helmets.''


Or the one on arson:


''Hello? Oh hi, yeah, I'm O.K.''

''Boy, I'll say it was scary. Have you ever had a fire?''

''Well, let me tell you, it's no picnic. More like a barbecue, actually. Listen,
arson, is no joke.''


And so on - a total of 45 two-minute scripts that did not amuse some city
officials.

''Inappropriate,'' said Charles Perkins, director of public information for the
Department of Housing Preservation and Development. ''These are not subjects for
comedy.'' Mr. Perkins joined the department about two years after the project
began and later scuttled it.

''Something got lost in translation,'' said Anthony B. Gliedman, the Housing
Commissioner, who approved the project.

''If this is a microcosm of what the city is like, so ornate, indirect, it's
incredible,'' said the writer of the scripts, Mitchell Kriegman. He contends he
did just what he was asked to do but hasn't been paid all that he is owed, and
even had to pay a quarter to get a $3,300 check.

Creating 'Tele-Housing'

It all began when Bruce Gould, deputy housing commissioner for program and
management analysis, suggested that New Yorkers with questions about housing
should be able to get help from a telephone information service. What he dubbed
''Tele-Housing'' would help, he decided.

Mr. Gould, who has declined to be interviewed, ''wanted to do something
special,'' Mr. Perkins said. ''So they hired this so-called conceptual artist
who was known for these very creative ideas.''

Mr. Kriegman, now 32 years old, is a writer-artist-comedian who works out of a
one-room office in SoHo with a personal computer and his dog Shadow (board
chairman of Shadow Productions, Inc.) and has a sense of humor he calls ''a
little bizarre.''

Mr. Kriegman said he had mixed feelings about Mr. Gould's concept.

A Writer's Qualms

Conversational, humorous information would be better than boring and dry, he
thought. But he had reservations, too. ''I said, 'Well, there could be some
problems. If you've got 1,000 cockroaches in your house and you call up and hear
someone joke about it, I don't know how thrilled you're going to be.' ''

But Mr. Kriegman, who has written for the NBC television program ''Saturday
Night Live,'' was between jobs and Mr. Gould was offering him a contract of just
under $10,000.

Contracts under $10,000 require only a Commissioner's approval, and Mr. Gliedman
gave it.

Mr. Kriegman wrote three pilot scripts and was told to proceed.

Then Mr. Perkins joined the department and Mr. Kriegman sensed a ''political
shift.'' There were rewrite meetings and unreturned phone calls, he said. And,
last fall, after it became clear to him that his role in the project had ended,
came the curious tale of the 25 cents.

As Mr. Kriegman tells it, at the time the city owed him $3,300.

''For six weeks I sent bills,'' he said, ''talked to this person, that person.
Finally, this woman said, 'Give us a quarter.' I said, 'I can't give you a
quarter of my check.' She said, 'No, 25 cents.' ''

He came up with the quarter - a processing fee - and got his check in two days.

In all, Mr. Kriegman was paid $6,600. But while he thinks the city should pay
him either a kill fee or about $2,000 that the contract also provided if he had
to do additional work on the scripts, Mr. Gleidman thinks ''we were extremely
generous'' and has refused to pay any more.

Meanwhile, Tele-Housing will begin this spring, Mr. Perkins said, with new,
sober messages that Mr. Perkins wrote. The program will cost $35,000 a year to
operate, Mr. Perkins said, plus $20,000 for promotion.

Equipment from a Ford Foundation grant is waiting to be used. And Mitchell
Kriegman's 45 scripts are in a Manila envelope somewhere in the offices of the
Department of Housing Preservation and Development.

''They realized, 'We can't do this, it's too problematic and controversial,' ''
Mr. Kriegman said. ''That's cool. But I'm the person who did the work,''

Then he stopped himself and laughed. ''I'm talking too seriously about this
stupid thing,'' he said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of Mitchell Kriegman

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             192 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 20, 2008 Saturday

Grant will help low-income residents of Garrett County: Replacing home's roof or
adding a bathroom among eligible projects

BYLINE: Cumberland Times News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 368 words


Sep. 20--OAKLAND -- Garrett County Community Action Committee Inc. will be able
to assist more low-income homeowners in the county thanks to a $35,377 Housing
Preservation Grant from U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development.

"We have an ongoing program, have had it for several years now," Duane Yoder,
director of Community Action, said. "It makes loans or grants to low- and
moderate-income homeowners to do home repair for health and safety code issues."

He said these could include replacing the roof or adding a bathroom.

The grant from USDA was announced Tuesday by Sens. Ben Cardin and Barbara
Mikulski, and Yoder said he felt the money would enhance the program, possibly
increasing the number of loans or grants that Community Action can make.

"The poor state of our economy has squeezed many homeowners to the brink of
their budgets, forcing them to choose between daily expenses and the very upkeep
of their homes," Cardin said in a release. "I am proud of grants like this that
will make it possible for homeowners to properly repair their homes, maintain
their stake in the American dream and boost the entire community."

According to Yoder, the program began about 25 years ago to help residents in
the county replace outdoor toilets with indoor bathrooms and has since changed
to help homeowners make the necessary repairs to avoid health or safety code
issues in their home.

Yoder said that the fund is revolving, as loans are paid back immediately and
grants are paid back upon the sale of the home.

"I am committed to looking out for the day-to-day needs of Marylanders,"
Mikulski said. "This grant will mean safer and sturdier homes for more Garrett
County residents. I will continue to fight in the U.S. Senate for grants like
these that support Maryland communities."

To see more of the Cumberland Times News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.times-news.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, Cumberland Times News, Md.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080920-UM-Grant-will-help-low-income-residents-of-Garrett-County-0920

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                                 Copyright 2008


                             193 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                      July 26, 2002 Friday, Final Edition

CITY CRAFTS REPLACEMENT MANDATE FOR HOUSING;
Developers would be required to replace any units they destroy, or contribute to
a housing fund.

BYLINE: KELLEY BOUCHARD Staff Writer

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 965 words

DATELINE: Portland


Soon there may be a new cost to consider when developing property in Portland.

City officials are drafting a proposal so that anyone who demolishes housing to
make way for nonresidential construction would be required to replace it or
contribute to a housing development fund.

The proposal, due before the City Council in August, comes as Forest City
Chevrolet and Maine Medical Center consider expansion projects that could result
in the demolition of more than 20 homes. Executives at the dealership and the
hospital weren't surprised that Portland is considering a housing preservation
ordinance.

In recent years, city officials have successfully encouraged new home
construction as a way to offset skyrocketing housing costs in a tight real
estate market. With this proposal, modeled after similar laws in Seattle,
Toronto, Somerville, Mass., and Burlington, Vt., they also hope to preserve
existing housing.

"Gone are the days in Portland when you can just take housing off the market,"
Mayor Karen Geraghty said. "There is an urgency out there in a couple of
neighborhoods. We need to try to maintain housing stock where we can."

Portland has made some strides in trying to gain control of its housing crisis.
More than 370 homes are proposed, planned or under construction in the city.
That's quite an improvement over the 1990s, when only about 850 dwelling units
were built during the entire decade.

Recently approved projects range from Wellesley Estates, a 45-unit, mixed-income
apartment complex on outer Forest Avenue, to Radcliff Glen, a North Deering
condominium complex with 33 units priced at $220,000 to $240,000.

At the same time, existing housing is being threatened.

Forest City Chevrolet has purchased 12 single-family and multi-unit houses in
the vicinity of Webb Street, Terrace Avenue and Levia Street. The Brighton
Avenue dealership hopes to expand its prime commercial location and possibly
share it with an unnamed retail outlet.

And officials at Maine Medical Center are negotiating to buy two or three
multi-unit apartment buildings on Crescent Street so they can expand the
hospital's parking garage.

"These are examples of where the demand for development is running up against
the fact that we have little land left, so they are looking at land that's
already developed," said Mark Adelson, Portland's director of housing and
neighborhood services.

As the city tries to increase its residential real estate through housing grants
and relaxed zoning, Adelson said a preservation ordinance may be the only way to
prevent backsliding.

"Housing is so difficult to create," Adelson said. "It's so expensive to build
and land is so scarce. The benefit here would be to preserve what housing we
have."

Details of the housing preservation proposal were unavailable because city
officials have just begun writing it. They'll have to work quickly so councilors
can see a first draft at their Aug. 5 meeting. Then the housing committee will
review it and send it back to the full council for final approval as early as
September.

One place city officials are looking for ideas is Burlington, Vt. That city
adopted its housing preservation and replacement ordinance in the early 1990s,
when it faced a housing crisis similar to Portland's.

The Burlington ordinance requires developers to replace any housing destroyed
during construction. They may build new housing elsewhere in the city or
contribute to Burlington's housing trust fund. The replacement cost of each unit
is figured on a case-by-case basis.

Developers also may hire a private contractor to do the work, or make a
contribution to a nonprofit agency that develops affordable housing. They also
may convert market-rate housing to affordable housing or convert existing
commercial property to residential housing.

Mark Eldridge, Burlington's director of planning and zoning, said the ordinance
has been successful. "I think the fact that we provided a variety of options
helped," he said.

Portland's anticipated preservation ordinance will likely win support from
executives at Forest City Chevrolet and Maine Medical Center.

James Burke, Forest City's president and treasurer, said his company had planned
to replace whatever housing might be lost in the expansion of the dealership.

"Right from the very beginning, the city made it clear to us that we wouldn't be
able to tear something down without replacing it," Burke said.

In May, Burke said his company hoped to purchase 30 houses in the neighborhood
because a major supermarket chain wanted to share their location. Since then,
Burke said, the supermarket's interest waned and Forest City executives realized
that their 30-house goal was "too ambitious." He said some neighbors just don't
want to move and others are asking too much for their homes. Forest City is now
courting a retail store that Burke refused to name.

Regardless of how the dealership's proposed expansion turns out, Burke said
Forest City plans to replace and increase by 50 percent any homes destroyed in
the project. So, if 12 homes are torn down, Forest City will replace them and
add another six housing units to Portland's real estate market.

Burke said he likes the idea of being able to contribute to a housing fund
because he wasn't looking forward to getting into residential construction.

Wayne Clark, spokesman for Maine Medical Center, said hospital executives plan
to replace any homes that are demolished to expand the parking garage.

"Obviously, our employees need housing," Clark said. "But it's more of a
recognition that housing is tight in Portland. It just wouldn't be responsible
to take housing out and not replace it."

Staff Writer Kelley Bouchard can be contacted at 791-6328 or at:

kbouchard@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2002 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                             194 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      The Wilmot Enterprise (South Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 29, 2013

Applications for Housing Opportunity Fund Being Accepted

BYLINE: The Wilmot Enterprise staff

LENGTH: 219  words


South Dakota Housing Development Authority (SDHDA) is now accepting applications
for funding under the Housing Opportunity Fund (HOF). The HOF program was
created via the "Building South Dakota Fund" during the 2013 legislative session
and is designed to promote economic development in South Dakota by expanding the
supply of decent, safe, sanitary and affordable housing targeted to low and
moderate income families and individuals in South Dakota.

The Housing Opportunity Fund may be used for new construction or the purchase
and rehabilitation of rental or home ownership housing, housing preservation,
including home repair grants and grants to make homes more accessible to
individual with disabilities, homelessness prevention activities, and community
land trusts.

Any for-profit entity, nonprofit entity, tribal government, housing authority,
political subdivision of this state or agency of such subdivision, or agency of
this state is eligible to apply. Applications for funding are due to SDHDA by
October 1, 2013. More information on the HOF program and the application forms
can be found on SDHDA's website - www.sdhda.org.

To gather additional information on the HOF program please contact Lorraine
Polak, Director of Rental Housing Development by email: Lorraine(r) sdhda.org or
by phone: 605-773-3108.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WIL

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2013 The Wilmot Enterprise


                             195 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                          December 15, 2010 Wednesday

Vinton residents can get help with homes, renovations

BYLINE: by Aileen B. Flores \ El Paso Times

SECTION: ZONES; News

LENGTH: 279 words


VINTON -- Low-income families can improve their homes through grants the village
of Vinton has available.

Recently, the US Department of Agriculture Rural Development and the office of
U.S. Rep. Silvestre Reyes, D-Texas, presented a check for a housing preservation
grant to the village of Vinton for $78,151.

The money will help a minimum of four households repair and weatherize their
homes.

"We want to make homes more energy-efficient by installing new doors, insulation
and removing hazardous materials," Mayor Madeleine Praino said.

This is the second of two grants the village has received in the past couple of
months, she said.

She said the improvements will help reduce the cost of recipients' utility
bills.

"I think this is great news and people should call us," Praino said.

The village received a $300,000 grant to help people get homes.

"We're very excited about this program, and we are continuously filing for
grants to help the community," Praino said. "We need to get the word out and let
people come to us with their needs."

About half of the residents in Vinton live in mobile homes, Praino said.

According to the U.S. Census Bureau 2008 Population Estimates, nearly 2,000
people live in Vinton.

About 25 percent of the families in Vinton live below poverty level, according
to the census bureau.

Minimum qualifications are needed to receive help from the programs available at
the City Hall.

Grant applications are available during office hours weekdays at the Vinton City
Hall, 436 E. Vinton Road.

To get help

     ·    What: Home Weatherization assistance applications.Where: Village of
          Vinton City Hall, 436 E. Vinton Road.When: 8 a.m.- 5 p.m.
          weekdays.Information: 886-5104.


LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2010 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             196 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Bill With $350 Million Cut in Block Grants Cleared by House Appropriations
Committee

                             March 6, 1995, Monday

Joan Pryde

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The House Appropriations Committee approved legislation late Thursday night that
would cut $350 million, or nearly 8%, from the federal funds the Community
Development Block Grant program is supposed to receive this fiscal year.

The measure was passed over the objections of Housing and Urban Development
Secretary Henry Cisneros, who warned earlier last week that some state and local
governments will experience financial hardship unless they receive the full
amount originally appropriated by Congress for the program of $4.6 billion.

The cut is included in a larger bill that would rescind parts of several
different agency appropriations for fiscal 1995, which began Oct. 1. The
rescissions total $17 billion, of which about $7.2 billion involve cuts in HUD
programs.

Other HUD reductions approved by the committee include cutting $2.7 billion from
the Section 8 rent subsidy program. The decrease would not eliminate any
existing rent certificates, but would prevent the planned issuance of 62,000 new
ones.

The committee also approved eliminating several hundred million dollars in
unused funding from prior years for the low-income housing preservation program,
under which private, nonprofit organizations have been gearing up to issue
tax-exempt bonds to acquire housing projects from private developers.

Cisneros told the National Council of State Housing Agencies on Tuesday that the
$7.2 billion in cuts represent an emergency for the department, and he said HUD
was being forced to shoulder a disproportionately large portion of the
reductions.

Left untouched by the rescission bill is the HOME housing affordability program,
which is slated to receive $1.4 billion in fiscal 1995.


SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 286 words

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1995 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             197 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 2, 1988, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

LeFrak's Offer Allows Chance For Conversions

BYLINE: By ALAN FINDER

SECTION: Section 1; Page 27, Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 839 words


In an agreement not previously disclosed by the Koch administration, the
developer Samuel J. LeFrak will be allowed after 20 years to sell as
cooperatives or condominiums the 800 moderate- and middle-income rental
apartments that he has offered to build with city subsidies on the Lower East
Side.

The agreement is in a memorandum of understanding between Mr. LeFrak and the
city, a copy of which was requested and obtained from the city's Department of
Housing Preservation and Development.

Critics of the proposal contend that, by not disclosing publicly that Mr. LeFrak
could eventually sell the apartments, city officials and the developer
underestimated his potential profits when they made the plan public on Feb. 29.
They say city land and subsidies should not go to a complex that will be sold
eventually at market rates.

Incentive Termed Standard

But municipal officials say the co-op conversion provision is a standard feature
of many housing complexes built by private developers with public subsidies. It
usually serves as a financial incentive to attract developers to limited-profit
ventures.

Should the LeFrak Organization eventually sell the apartments, it would have to
pay back the city subsidies, buy the land at prevailing rates and pay full
property taxes on the site. Richard LeFrak, the organization's president, said
the terms would probably make it financially unattractive to convert the
apartments to co-ops.

''To me, it has no value at all,'' he said. ''If somebody insisted it had to be
taken out, it probably would be O.K. with me.''

In announcing the LeFrak proposal last month, Mayor Koch and the city's
Commissioner of Housing Preservation and Development, Abraham Biderman, said he
would build 1,200 apartments at no profit. Mr. LeFrak would sell 400 of the
apartments immediately at market rates, and would use the profits to help make
rents on the remaining 800 apartments affordable to moderate- and middle-income
households, those with incomes from $15,000 to $48,000 a year.

Of Mr. LeFrak's financial incentives, the developer and city officials said only
that he would operate the rental units for a maximum return of 8.5 percent of
his equity.

'A Civic Gesture'

Mr. LeFrak, the company's chairman, characterized the offer as ''a civic
gesture,'' adding, ''I'd like to give something back, to give the people of New
York some housing.'' Mr. Biderman said Mr. LeFrak's offer ''sounds like a
wonderful gift to the city.''

According to the 20-page memorandum of understanding, however, Mr. LeFrak would
be permitted to sell the rental apartments 20 years after they are first
occupied. He must do so under a noneviction plan that would permit tenants who
do not buy their apartments to remain as renters.

Several officials of the LeFrak Organization said the provision was not
mentioned publicly last month because it was insignificant. Mr. LeFrak will sign
loans of as much as $150 million for the complex.

''This is not the kind of project you would do if you wanted to make a profit,''
said Marsilia A. Boyle, a LeFrak vice president.

Biderman Does See a Gift

Mr. Biderman said Mr. LeFrak was indeed giving the city a gift: the profits that
he would forgo on the 400 apartments to be sold immediately as condominiums. The
money will help underwrite the cost of building the rental apartments. ''It's a
20-year gift of a middle-income resource, a minimum of 20 years,'' Mr. Biderman
said.

He noted that other developers had been asked to compete for the site and that
anyone who offered a deal better than Mr. LeFrak's would be given the site,
which is south of Delancey Street near the Williamsburg Bridge.

''We said we would issue the full memorandum of understanding and put it out for
bid,'' Mr. Biderman said. ''And frankly, if someone thinks this is so
attractive, from a developer's perspective, they will come out and beat the
deal.''

Several members of community groups on the Lower East Side said they were
concerned about the co-op conversion provision.

''I'm not necessarily objecting to a conversion clause,'' said Carol Watson, a
local community board member and an official of the Lower East Side Catholic
Area Conference, a coalition of church groups. ''It depends on what the clause
says and how much the developer pays for the privilege.''

Clause Called Too 'Sweet'

Advocates of low-income housing contended that urban renewal land and large
public subsidies were inappropriate for apartments that will eventually be sold
at market rates.

''It's unbelievable that the city would propose as deeply subsidized a project
as this with no guarantee of who the ultimate beneficiaries would be,'' said
Bonnie Brower, executive director of the Association of Neighborhood and Housing
Development.

Mr. LeFrak would receive standard financial incentives, including tax abatements
and municipal land leased or purchased for a nominal price. He would also get a
construction subsidy of as much as $25,000 for each of the 800 rental
apartments.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             198 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Grand Forks Herald (North Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 4, 2014 Thursday

BRIEF: $50,000 in federal funds to aid low-income homeowners in Pembina County

BYLINE: Grand Forks Herald

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 133 words


Dec. 04--The Red River Regional Council will receive $50,000 in federal funds to
help 11 low-income homeowners in Pembina County make needed repairs to their
homes.

The funds for the Red River Regional Council are available through the U.S.
Department of Agriculture Rural Development's Housing Preservation Grant
Program.

U.S. Sen. Heidi Heitkamp, chairwoman of the Senate Agriculture Subcommittee that
oversees rural development, said in a press release issued Wednesday the funds
are "a much-needed investment for some of the least fortunate in our state to
help make sure they have safe homes in which to raise their families."

___ (c)2014 the Grand Forks Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit the Grand Forks
Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) at www.grandforksherald.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20141204-GF-BRF-50,000-in-federal-funds-to-aid-low-income-homeowners-in-Pembina-
County-1204-20141204

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GF


                       Copyright 2014 Grand Forks Herald


                             199 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Mississippi Business Journal (Jackson, MS)

                                October 5, 2009

MBJ E-Bulletin 10/5 p.m.

BYLINE: Wally Northway

LENGTH: 280  words


Today's news sponsored by: Watkins Ludlam Winter & Stennis

SEMISOUTH PRODUCT FINDS CUSTOMER

STARKVILLE - For the first time, a consumer electronics company has adopted a
product of SemiSouth Laboratories for use in a new audiophile-quality power
amplifier.

Click here for more information.

_____________________________________

WCU RECEIVES LARGE DONATION FOR NEW COLLEGE

HATTIESBURG - By naming William Carey University College of Osteopathic Medicine
in his trust, Joel McKenzie of Foxworth has established one of the largest gifts
by an individual in the history of the university.

Click here for more information.

_____________________________________

MICROSOFT CLAIM DEADLINE NEARING

JACKSON - The Attorney General's Office is reminding consumers that the deadline
to file a claim in Mississippi's settlement with Microsoft is Oct. 16.

Click here for more information.

_____________________________________

NAVAGIS PARTICIPATING IN SYMPOSIUM

JACKSON - Navagis, LLC, the only company operating solely as a Google Earth
Enterprise partner, will be hosting a booth alongside Google at the GEOINT
Symposium Oct. 19-21 in San Antonio, Texas.

Click here for more information.

_____________________________________

HOUSING PRESERVATION GRANTS AWARDED

AROUND MISSISSIPPI - The U.S. Department of Agriculture is providing grants
totaling more than $300,000 to five entities in Mississippi to repair rural
housing and make energy efficiency improvements.

Click here for more information.

_____________________________________

MBJ Online Poll: Should the Legislature consider a bond issue for several
tourism projects that need additional funding to become fully functional? Let us
know. Click here to vote.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             200 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                       May 9, 1988, Monday, Final Edition

Low-Income Housing Seen In Jeopardy;
Panel: 523,000 Units May Be Lost by 2002

BYLINE: Ann Mariano, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A13; THE FEDERAL PAGE

LENGTH: 698 words


More than 500,000 federally subsidized housing units occupied by low-income
Americans will be lost by 2002 unless action is taken to save them, according to
a new study.

Preserving the housing for the poor would cost $ 17.7 billion over the next 15
years, the study said. As a comparison, the study said, rent-subsidy payments to
occupants if they are forced to move would cost $ 21 billion over the same
period.

Estimates of the number of endangered housing units have varied widely. The
count by the National Low Income Housing Preservation Commission is based on
computer analysis of detailed information on about 300 properties nationwide.
The commission's study has been submitted to the House and Senate housing
subcommittees.

The group's most striking finding is that 523,000 of the 645,000 housing units
covered by the study are in "real jeopardy" of being lost through defaults or
conversions, said commission cochairman Carla Hills, secretary of housing and
urban development in the Ford administration.

The commission did not recommend who should pay the bills. That "is for Congress
to determine," Hills said. The $ 17.7 billion cost would preserve the housing
for 15 years, but "it is not a permanent solution."

The units studied are in privately owned rental apartment buildings receiving
federal assistance. Restrictions tied to the federal subsidies will expire over
the next 15 years, enabling owners to pay off mortgages, raise rents or convert
the properties to condominiums. In other cases, owners will default as changes
in tax benefits and expiration of rent subsidies reduce their income.

Without government action, owners of 43 percent of the properties probably will
default, and owners of another 38 percent will pay their federally subsidized
and insured mortgages, the report said. The buildings surveyed are subsidized by
three of the earliest programs launched in the 1960s to encourage private
developers, owners and managers to provide low-income housing.

In return for the subsidies, owners had to rent apartments to individuals and
families with moderate incomes, defined in most cases as 80 to 95 percent of
median incomes in their areas. In many cases, families with incomes so low that
they could not afford even the lower rent were also given rent subsidies.

About 70 percent of the tenants in the 523,000 endangered units have incomes of
less than half the median for their areas and cannot afford housing without
government help, the report said.

The commission, sponsored by the National Corporation for Housing Partnerships
(NCHP), recommended that the federal government take responsibility for
preserving these properties for the poor by establishing a low-income housing
preservation office within the Department of Housing and Urban Development and
staffing it with financial and legal experts to work with local governments.

The NCHP was authorized by Congress to encourage low- and moderate-income
housing construction.

Another study last week estimated that the government would have to spend $ 97
billion over the next 15 years to provide adequate, affordable housing for all
Americans.

This amount would be in addition to current levels of government subsidies,
according to the Urban Institute study financed by the National Association of
Realtors (NAR).

About 17.7 million households occupy housing that fails HUD's adequacy standards
for electricity, plumbing and sewage disposal, and another 3.2 million are
overcrowded, the study found.

The study estimated the levels of housing construction, investment and subsidies
needed to eliminate physical deficiencies and provide adequate homes for new
households for the next 15 years.

To house all Americans decently, 36 million units must be built or upgraded by
2002 at a cost of $ 41 billion beyond current subsidy levels, it said.
Additional subsidies of $ 56 billion would be necessary to hold housing costs at
no more than 30 percent of household income, it said.

An NAR official said action must be taken to enable more Americans to own homes.
Ownership has dropped by 20 percent in the 1980s among those ages 25 to 34, said
Nestor Weigand, NAR president.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1988 The Washington Post


                             201 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           February 13, 2000, Sunday

DYING BUILDING RESSURECTED From casket factory to apt. complex

BYLINE: By RALPH R. ORTEGA DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SUBURBAN; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 778 words

HOLD THE FUNERAL for an old casket factory in the South Bronx.

An $11.1 million, publicly subsidized restoration has given the long-dormant and
decaying Hygrade Casket factory buildings in Mott Haven new leases on life.

The attached five- and six-story brick buildings are slated to reopen this
summer as a 79-unit affordable housing complex.

The project also includes 40,000 square feet of commercial space on the
factory's ground floor at 148th St. and Brook Ave.

The detailed restoration promises to save the historically significant
buildings, the first of which was originally built for an old silk trimmings
business 113 years ago.

Once completed, the old factory will offer loft rental apartments much like
those in lower Manhattan's SoHo.

Original cast-iron columns and wooden beams are being refurbished for the trendy
new complex, located within walking distance of the area's famed Hub commercial
corridor on 149th St.

"This might just lead to the yuppification of the Hub," joked Bronx Borough
Historian Lloyd Ultan.

He and housing experts described the restoration as unprecedented for the Bronx,
which has lagged behind the rest of the city in converting large, unused
manufacturing spaces into affordable housing.

"It seems to me that the Bronx should be taking advantage of the concept," said
Setha Low, professor of environmental psychology and anthropology at the City
University of New York Graduate Center. "Every other part of the city has been
successful."

Close to 300 passersby who have noticed the rental sign outside already have
filed applications for the 79 apartments, said Lourdes Zapata-Perez, assistant
vice president for industrial and business development at the South Bronx
Overall Economic Development Corp.

The nonprofit agency, known as SOBRO, and its partner, Westchester-based L&M
Equity Participants, are developing the new complex, to be called Brook Ave.
Gardens.

Commercial tenants have not yet been selected for the site.

Prices for studios, one- and two-bedroom apartments will range from $470 to $636
a month for tenants who qualify under the development's income requirements.

The city Department of Housing Preservation and Development, the Housing
Development Corp. and the state Housing Trust Fund's Homes for Working Families
program assisted in funding the restoration.

About $1.7 million from the sale of federal tax credits is also covering the
cost of preserving the factory buildings. Both are eligible for inclusion on the
National Register of Historic Places.

The factory's conversion is one of several similar Housing Preservation and
Development and Housing Development Corp. projects.

Recently, the city converted an old Studebaker showroom in Crown Heights,
Brooklyn, into 27 low-income apartments. There were more than 4,000 applications
from prospective tenants when it opened last month.

"It's somewhat unrealistic for people to be unduly wedded, or focused on an old
manufacturing base," said Housing Preservation and Development Commissioner
Richard Roberts, explaining his agency's attitude toward conversions.

"Instead, we're thinking creatively on how we can use these buildings."

So far, Mott Haven residents have welcomed the old casket factory's rebirth. It
had been burned several times since it was closed in 1982, and had become an
eyesore in the largely residential neighborhood.

Over the years, the factory had come to symbolize the deterioration of
long-vacant manufacturing buildings in the South Bronx.

According to the firm of Higgins and Quasebarth, historic consultants on the
restoration, the first of the two buildings was built in 1887 by Christopher
Hertlein and Charles Schlatter. The two German immigrants used the factory to
make silk dress trimmings and braids for New York's fast-growing garment
industry at the turn of the century.

The business prospered, and by 1913 it had become the 13th largest industrial
employer in the Bronx. A survey then reported 64 men, 173 women, 15 teenagers
and two office workers employed there.

The factory expanded several times over the years, eventually adding its second
building.

BUT BY the Great Depression, the garment industry took a downturn, and in 1935,
both factory buildings were sold to the Hygrade Casket Corp., founded by Walter
B. Cooke, a pioneer in the funeral business.

After Hygrade's departure 18 years ago, the factory had "just been sitting
around," said Jose Ithier, president of the Bronx Overall Economic Development
Corp., the economic arm of Borough President Fernando Ferrer's office.

For rental information at Brook Ave. Gardens, call (718) 292-3113, ext. 230.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MICHAEL SCHWARTZ NEW LIFE FOR BUILDING    Construction supervisor Mike
Missano with original beams to remain inside after Hygrade Casket factory
building (r.) is remodeled.

                        Copyright 2000 Daily News, L.P.


                             202 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  September 25, 1999, Saturday, Final Edition

Tenant Gets An Assist From D.C.

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; Pg. G06

LENGTH: 357 words



The lottery house at 5502 13th St. NW was never truly abandoned or even vacant.
It ended up in the Homestead Housing Preservation Program's hands in 1997 as an
"escheated property," one whose owner has died with no heirs.

And because Ruth Hinton Grant had been a tenant in the Brightwood house for more
than 30 years, she automatically had the inside track in the drawing.

Under District law, any tenant has the right of first refusal when a house is
sold. Occupied houses that end up in the lottery almost always are picked up by
the tenants, lottery director Lynn C. French said.

Grant, at 67 the oldest winner in the lottery's 12-year history, raised seven
sons and a daughter in the three-story brick rowhouse. Grant first rented the
house in 1964 or '65 through the Washington Interfaith Network, which also
helped her find a job.

While the houses on either side of 5502 were kept up, Grant said the half-dozen
rental companies she dealt with over the years made no repairs.

"It was livable, but there never was any work done to it, except for painting
and patching that I tried to do myself," she recalled.

At her age, Grant was unlikely to get a commercial mortgage and renovation loan,
French said. But her longtime tenancy and efforts to maintain the property
indicated she would be a good homeowner. French's bet was backed by a city
financing package that requires repayment when Grant or her heirs sell the
house.

"Our priority, truth be told, is to repopulate the city and to rebuild our tax
rolls," French said. "And this is one good way to do it."

The single-family rehab program Grant qualified for is aimed at elderly people
whose financial history supports such a loan. Grant, who retired after a series
of jobs around the city and cares for an ailing daughter, was eligible for $
60,000 plus the city's $ 10,000 interest-free loan.

Grant also is taking advantage of the city's five-year property-tax exemption
for first-time home buyers with limited incomes.

The house was assessed at $ 112,300 before the renovations. Nearby houses are
selling in the range of $ 90,000 to $ 120,000.


LOAD-DATE: September 25, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                             203 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                              July 7, 2009 Tuesday
                                   L2 Edition

Lake County launches new housing preservation program

BYLINE: By Mick Zawislak mzawislak@dailyherald.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 426 words


A new initiative to identify and preserve older homes is being launched in Lake
County.

Armed with a $50,000 grant from the MacArthur Foundation, the intent of the Lake
County Affordable Housing Corp. is to devise a countywide system of targeting
and preserving older homes for working families and seniors.

What constitutes an older home? What resources are available? How should this
work and what parties should be involved?

All are questions to be answered by a 30-member steering committee that will be
introduced in January.

"When you have communities that have aging housing stock, how do you go about
preserving those in the future?" said Lisa Tapper, head of the housing agency.
"Lake County is reaching a point where we're more about preservation -- the
county is not in a place that it's looking at development."

The first step of the process is to identify current and future opportunities
around the county. Research would start late this year and include examining
available housing and identifying people who need affordable homes.

Creating a program will be tricky because of the variety within Lake County's 52
communities. Tapper said the goal will be to maintain the individual character
of the town while offering a range of housing options.

Narrowing the choices could be difficult as well. About 60 percent of the
county's homes were built more than 30 years ago, and many have not been
routinely maintained. Many older summer homes were not designed for year-round
living.

Most recently, foreclosures have created vacancies. In 2008, 4,124 Lake County
homes were in foreclosure, an increase of 85 percent since 2006. Nearly 1,500
foreclosures were reported in the first quarter of this year, with many
properties in dire need of improvement.

Lake County will receive $4.6 million in federal funds to combat foreclosures by
buying and rehabbing those properties.

But the Lake County Preservation Initiative is planned as having a more general
focus and also will deal with occupied homes.

"The idea is to make available resources that private individuals can take
advantage of," Tapper said. "I think it's something we're going to be seeing all
over the place in the next decade."

The steering committee will work about 18 months analyzing data and developing a
plan to be implemented in mid-2011. The findings will be shared through a series
of community meetings.

"We want to gain input beyond the 'usual suspects' involved in housing and
community development," Lake County Board Chairman Suzi Schmidt said in a
statement announcing the initiative.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Sent to local agencyShared from DH'

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             204 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                              May 16, 2003 Friday

Housing group wins $50,000

BYLINE: ADRIENNE P. SAMUELS

SECTION: CLEARWATER TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 512 words


Clearwater Neighborhood Housing Services this week won the "Grammy" of
affordable housing awards.

The Fannie Mae Foundation on Tuesday rewarded the agency with a $50,000 grant
because it led the efforts to revamp the dilapidated Greenwood Apartments just
outside the city's downtown. The Maxwell Award of Excellence was given to six
nonprofit housing agencies this year. CNHS' prize was for "affordable housing
preservation."

"I'm just speechless," said Isay Gulley, executive director of CNHS.
"Opportunities like these are just so competitive."

Gulley, CNHS board president Pearl Johnson and representatives from Bank of
America were flown to Washington, D.C., earlier this week to accept the award.
The money will supplement the agency's budget, which is a little more than
$500,000.

CNHS applied for the award in February. It was selected from among 126
applicants. CNHS' top-flight status was secured in April after Fannie Mae
representatives made a site visit to the Greenwood Apartments.

Until CNHS stepped in, the 200 two-bedroom apartments had not been updated in
nearly 40 years. Residents did not have central air conditioning, there were no
showers and even the bathtubs were rusted, antique remnants of another era.

With the help of Bank of America, CNHS redeveloped the property into a brightly
colored complex where, among other improvements, every apartment has carpeting,
new kitchen appliances and showers.

The apartments also feature the "Make a Difference Center," where children have
access to computers, books and a playground.

Bank of America played a key role in the redevelopment plan by donating part of
the $14-million it took to renovate the apartments. The move was important for a
number of reasons, said Mary Beth Storts, a senior vice president with the bank.

There's a nationwide trend to preserve and upgrade existing housing stock so
that it can be affordably rented or sold to families, Storts said.

"It's economically feasible to preserve existing apartment complexes if at all
possible," Storts said. "It's a wonderful feeling when a national organization
recognizes the work that we're doing alongside CNHS in the community."

The work seems to be catching on.

The city of Clearwater recently built a new library and a sports and aquatic
center across the street from the Greenwood Apartments.

Children can now leave their pastel-colored, grassy housing complex and enjoy a
new pool across the street. Adults can take free aerobics classes at the center.

The city also repaved nearby streets.

The Fannie Mae Foundation is financed by Fannie Mae and helps create affordable
home ownership and housing opportunities.

Fannie Mae is a private company providing mortgage underwriting so that more
people can purchase homes or build affordable housing.

The award is something everyone is proud of, said Johnson, president of the CNHS
board.

"I think it's going to make people take pride in their community," Johnson said.

- Adrienne P. Samuels can be reached at 445-4157 or samuels@sptimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Isay Gulley

                    Copyright 2003 Times Publishing Company


                             205 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            March 14, 1995, Tuesday

MORE CHARGE HOMES WERE JUST PIPE DREAM

BYLINE: By CHRISENA COLEMAN

SECTION: News Pg.  7

LENGTH: 290 words



More Brooklyn residents came forward yesterday to complain that a housing
developer took their money and ran, as city officials said he never even owned
property on which he promised to build their dream homes.

After the Daily News reported that the Brooklyn district attorney is probing 50
complaints against Affordable Homes of America, seven more customers called to
say they had invested thousands of dollars with John Erglis.

In at least two cases, buyers said, Erglis' company sold customers an East New
York lot that he did not own.

According to Calvin Grant and Jana Grant, who are not related, their new homes
were to have been built on Flatlands Ave. between Barbey St. and Vandalia Ave.
on block 4443, lot No. 1.

But Mara Neville, assistant commissioner of the Department of Housing
Preservation and Development, said the city owns that parcel. She said the lot
is part of HPD's Spring Creek Urban Renewal Area.

Neville said HPD is "not working with Affordable Homes of America," and the
company had no right to market the land.

Erglis denied there was any kind of scam. He said the two-family townhouse
project will move forward as soon as he secures a company to take it over.

"The customers haven't been scammed," Erglis said. "We've been negotiating since
January. I thought I would be able to get more money to finish the project, but
there is a lack of construction money available in the area."

When asked why he sold customers property he didn't own, Erglis said he has
options to buy the Spring Creek property. But the city said yesterday it could
find no documentation that Erglis had tried to buy the land. "It's highly
unlikely," Neville said.

"This property is not for sale," she said.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1995 Daily News, L.P.


                             206 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       April 7, 1999 Wednesday 2D EDITION

Arapahoe Acres pushes for grant Funding would help historic subdivision preserve
its heritage

BYLINE: By Ginny McKibben, Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-02

LENGTH: 384 words


ENGLEWOOD - Debbie Pool and her husband were newlyweds in 1955 when they went
shopping for their first home at Arapahoe Acres.

In post-war Denver, the suburban homes, which used innovative designs of wood,
brick and masonry, were a daring departure from the predictable bungalow that
had been the traditional starter.

Now nearly a half-century later, Pool and many of her neighbors in the 124-home
community are striving to preserve the unique Frank Lloyd Wright-inspired
architecture.

In an effort spearheaded by Diane Wray, the unique Englewood neighborhood has
become Colorado's first post-World War II subdivision to be listed on the
National Register of Historic Places.

And now, in a new plan to encourage homeowners to restore the original design
details on the homes, the group has applied for a $ 58,000 grant from the
Colorado Historical Fund, which administers gambling money for historical
preservation.

The grant application also provides that the Arapahoe Acres Preservation Network
would contribute $ 21,000 in matching funds.

"We are hoping to prevent what has happened to Victorian homes in Denver and the
stripped-out bungalows of Washington Park," Wray said. "There is a lot of white
paint splashed on dark wood."

Longtime residents in Arapahoe Acres are seeing the same kind of erosion to
detail, Wray said.

"We hope, because this is such a relatively new historic neighborhood, there is
an opportunity to stop serious erosion," Wray said.

The more modern neighborhood poses different problems from those of the
Victorian era, Wray said.

The Arapahoe Acres architecture incorporates odd-sized windows, unusual masonry
work, and intricate exterior wood paneling.

"What we liked was the openness of the living room to the dining room and
kitchen," Pool recalls.

"It was different from other houses. They all looked like little boxes."

If the money is awarded, "mini-grants" would be given to homeowners for specific
projects.

The projects then would be turned into "demonstration workshops" to teach other
homeowners how to duplicate the restoration work.

Mark Wolfe, project manager for the Colorado Historical Fund, said the Arapahoe
Acres application will compete with 150 others seeking part of the $ 12 million
available.

Awards will be announced in July.


LOAD-DATE: April 07, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  The Denver Post Arapahoe Acres (map)

                        Copyright 1999 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             207 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Laurel Leader-Call (Mississippi)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 5, 2010 Thursday

PRVO public hearing Aug. 10

BYLINE: Charlotte Graham, Laurel Leader-Call, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 392 words


Aug. 05--LAUREL -- The Jones County Office of Pearl River Valley Opportunity,
Inc. will have a public hearing at 5 p.m. August 10 to inform the public of its
intent to apply for the 2011 Community Service Block Grant (CSBG) and Low-Income
Energy Assistance Program (LIHEAP).

"PRVO will also discus goals, objectives and income guidelines for the
programs," said PRVO Office Manager Tensie Wheeler. "PRVO will submit the
proposal to the Mississippi Department of Human Services on September 1, 2010."

A non-profit social service organization, PRVO was established in 1965. The
organization is devoted to helping people rise above poverty through its various
programs and services. In addition to  Jones County, PRVO serves clients in
Covington, Forrest, Jefferson Davis, Lamar, Marion and Pearl River counties.

Services provided by PRVO include education, training and employment to

people to help them become self-efficient; Before and After School Care
Programs, Community Service Block Grants; Emergency Food and Shelter; Extended
Day Early Childhood Development; Families First Resource Centers; Head Start;
Housing Construction; Development and Management; Housing Preservation Grants;
Intensive Youth Supervision Programs; Intermediary Relending Programs; Low
Income Home Energy Assistance Programs; Male Involvement; Minority Business
Enterprise Loan Program; Prescription Assistance Program; Positive Youth
Development; Rural Business Enterprise Loan Program; Section 5311 Transportation
Program, Services for Senior Citizens; Summer Child Care Services;

Summer Food Service Program; Weatherization, Youthbuild and much more.

Wheeler said the upcoming hearing will give residents an opportunity to provide
input in the development of the proposal for CSBG and LIHEAP.

"All citizens are encouraged to attend the public hearing," said Wheeler.

For additional information, phone the PRVO office at 601-428-3171.

To see more of the Laurel Leader-Call or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.leadercall.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Laurel Leader-Call, Miss.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100805-LH-PRVO-public-hearing-Aug-10-20100805

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LH


                       Copyright 2010 Laurel Leader-Call


                             208 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           December 8, 1983 Thursday

Trying to make   looks deceive

BYLINE: LIN HARRIS; REUT

LENGTH: 410 words

DATELINE: New York NY


BY  LIN HARRIS
 NEW YORK
 NEW YORK CITY is putting on a happy face to mask the scarred reality of
 the nation's worst slum and make it more attractive to potential
 investors. All across the South Bronx, city-owned buildings lie vacant,
 their gutted interiors exposed to the elements through cavities that were
 windows destroyed by vandalism and neglect.

The city has decided to repair many of those windows, but with optical
 illusions, not panes of glass. About $70,000 of a $300,000 federal grant
 will be spent to apply 'decorative seals' where windows used to be,
 according to the city's Department of Housing and Preservation (HPD).

The seals are vinyl sheets that adhere to the heavy-gauge tin which
 barricades the vacant buildings from vagrants.

Several decorative motifs are available: full venetian blinds, half
 shades, shutters - both open and closed. One even sports potted plants
 nesting on a window sill.
    'We had two options,' said Charles Perkins, an assistant commissioner
 at HPD. 'We could tear the buildings down or try to make them look
 attractive.'
    The city hopes that improved appearances will enhance the property's
 worth in the eyes of investors, as well as provide a psychological uplift
 for the neighborhood, he said.

For the past three years, decorative seals have been used on buildings
 ranging from tenements to single-family homes throughout the city,
 wherever vacancy threatens to attract vandalism and undermine real-estate
 values.

The federal money will expand the city's efforts into the vast urban
 decay of the South Bronx, where rows of rotting, burned-out buildings
 overlook highways which carry commuters from affluent suburbs into the
 relatively well-off borough of Manhattan.
    'The Bronx borough president's office is trying to sell the borough as
 a place for people to invest and, infortunately, many investors' only
 image of the Bronx is what they see from the highway,' Perkins said,
 adding that the window-dressing is expected to have a 'subtle
 psychological effect.'
    'We would far prefer to be rebuilding, but we don't have that
 option,' he said. 'The $70,000 we're spending on seals would only be
 enough to rebuild one-and-a-half apartments. We're sealing 70 buildings.'
    The rest of the $300,000 is earmarked for demolition.

About 600,000 people live in the South Bronx. More than half of them  receive
some form of public assistance and those with jobs are almost all  considered
part of the working poor.  Reuter

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1983 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             209 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 1, 2014 Sunday

Destination Erie project manager expects 'great ideas' from public meetings

BYLINE: Kevin Flowers, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 697 words


June 01--Anna Frantz believes she is finally up to speed.

Frantz, 35, was hired in February as Destination Erie's project manager. Three
months later, she is convinced the regional plan is headed in the right
direction.

Frantz sat down with the Erie Times-News last week to discuss Destination Erie,
the multiyear plan to address economic development, job creation, housing, the
environment, transportation and other regional issues.

Destination Erie is largely funded by a $1.8 million grant from the federal
Department of Housing and Urban Development.

Frantz is a former employee of the New York City Department of Housing
Preservation and Development and the planning department in Peabody, Mass.

Destination Erie officials -- who have hosted a series of public meetings to
explain the project to local residents -- plan additional public meetings in
June to update the community on the project's progress.

QSince you took the job in February, what have you learned about the project?

I had certainly been following the project ... so I knew all that had been going
on. But I certainly didn't know the details. Frankly, I was very, very happy to
see what great shape the project was in. It is on schedule, which is a huge
achievement for a project with such a huge time frame, a three-year planning
process.

QIf you had to explain this project to someone, what would you say?

What we're doing is creating a strategy for the region. We're figuring out how
to guide investments, to make smart decisions about our resources and assets, so
we can build on them and basically create a more thriving and resilient economy
and community.

This is a very publicly driven process. It's not a bunch of people in a backroom
making decisions. We're working with various groups to develop locally driven
ideas for the region.

QI've written that poverty will be a central theme throughout Destination Erie's
final recommendations, because it has been identified as a key local issue. What
will be the strategies to address poverty?

We don't know what's going to be in the final plan yet. I know what's come out
of the work groups, and I know as we head into June public outreach sessions
there will be a lot more input on what people want to see in the plan. But I
know there will be a focus on education and skills development. There will also
be strategies to create jobs, to grow companies. Those are sort of two ways that
we are indirectly looking at the issue of poverty. And there's more that will be
contributed from the community from the outreach meetings.

QWhat are the next steps?

The work groups have generated some very interesting project ideas, and a list
of them will be on our website (www.plan erieregion.com). We'll talk at these
public outreach meetings in June about some of these ideas. But we don't want
those events to be solely focused on these ideas. ... Those events are a chance
for people to bring their ideas. I think we're going to get some great ideas
from the public.

QTalk a little bit more about those meetings, and how they will be structured.

There will be six of them, throughout the county, the week of June 9-12: four
evening events and two daytime events. We want as many people to come to those
events as possible. We'll do a brief overview, where the plan is at so far, but
the focus will be on having people tell them how they think we can achieve the
vision for Erie County that they want to see.

We're really excited to take this around the county and see what we get from
people.

QIf you had to explain how Destination Erie -- when the final plan is finished
-- is going to impact people's everyday lives, what would you say?

It's going to touch people in many different areas of their lives. ... It might
be something that relates to community health, or something that relates to
education. It's a package of recommendations that works together to improve
people's lives and communities.

Learn more at www.planerieregion.com.

KEVIN FLOWERS can be reached at 870-1693 or by e-mail. Follow him on Twitter at
twitter.com/ETNflowers.

___ (c)2014 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140601-EI-Destination-Erie-project-manager-expects-great-ideas-from-public-mee
tings-0601-20140601

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2014 Erie Times-News


                             210 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  August 6, 1989, Sunday, Late Edition - Final
                              Correction Appended

A New Measure to Spur Private Housing

BYLINE: By SHAWN G. KENNEDY

SECTION: Section 10; Page 5, Column 2; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 1147 words


A 450-UNIT condominium complex in the Bronx is expected to be the first project
in New York City to be built under a new state law that broadens the use of city
capital-budget funds in assisting housing development on private land. The
legislation was signed into law late last month by Gov. Mario M. Cuomo.

The Bronx development, called Fordham Landing, will consist of four towers of 17
or 18 stories, plus a parking structure and esplanade, on a four-acre site at
the south end of the University Heights bridge between the Major Deegan
Expressway and the Harlem River.

A joint venture of the LaSala family - three generations of developers based in
the Bronx - and the Milstein Properties Inc. of Manhattan, it will be built on
land owned by the LaSala family for more than 40 years.

Until now, when new housing has been built on private sites to serve a moderate-
to middle-income market, city funds have been used only for such infrastructure
improvements as road and curb work, for example. Other than that, such funds
could be used only for projects on city-owned property or to rehabilitate
certain privately owned buildings.

Additional public assistance, when needed, has come through Federal Urban
Development Action Grants. But Federal money is limited and shrinking, and the
city's Department of Housing Preservation and Development has long wanted to be
able to substitute early-stage subsidies to bring costs down to a level that
would make development feasible for the income level of buyers to be served.

Eligibility income limits for a family of four are $19,000 for low-income,
$32,000 for moderate-income and $53,000 for middle-income housing.

Most of the assistance will flow to qualified projects in the form of
low-interest loans - rates, negotiated on each project, vary with the type of
housing and other factors - to augment construction or permanent financing from
private lenders, and will be limited to 60 percent of overall development costs.

Funds can be used for planning, financing, constructing or acquiring land for
new buildings or for reconstructing, repairing or remodeling existing buildings.
If used to buy land or buildings they must be limited to 15 percent of the total
amount of the city's loan or of the appraised value of the property, whichever
is less. Currently the city can legally assist with the development cost of up
to $25,000 per unit in low-rise projects and up to $35,000 per unit for
development in mid-rise housing. Those limits will not change under the
amendment.

''The legislation is a major complement to our effort to add badly needed
moderate-cost housing,'' said Abraham Biderman, Commissioner of the Department
of Housing Preservation and Development.

This was a reference to Mayor Edward I. Koch's announcement in 1986 of a plan to
build or rehabilitate 252,000 units of low-cost housing over the next 10 years.
''The process can move much faster now,'' Mr. Biderman said.

SO far, the city reports that work has been completed or started on just 58,000
units. Of those units, 16,000 are gut rehab and the rest moderate renovations
done in occupied buildings.

Mr. Biderman said that while there are no annual limits on how much
capital-budget money can be spent to finance these projects, the city expects to
help with the construction of about 1,400 units this year and 1,800 next year.

Eligible recipients of funds include nonprofit housing corporations, public
benefit corporations and private developers.

Funds can be used to help finance the construction or rehabilitation of one- to
four-family homes, rental apartment buildings and owner-occupied multi-dwellings
like cooperative or condominium apartments.

Moreover, private developers who get funds must agree to sell or rent only to
those who meet the city's income eligibility standards; they also must limit
their profits from income from rental units as well as the gain on the sale of
any units.

The project in the Bronx is eligible for up to $35,000 for each unit - the
ceiling for mid-rise development projects.

Stephen H. LaSala, who heads the development of Fordham Landing, said he is
still negotiating with the city on the exact amount and terms of the loan, which
will be used to lower the cost of his construction loan.

The legislation, an amendment to the housing finance law, was sponsored in the
Assembly by Alexander B. Grannis, Democrat of Manhattan, and in the State Senate
by Serphin Maltese, Republican of Queens. The measure had broad support among
city housing officials and housing advocates, in part because of the flexibility
it offers.

Both nonprofit housing groups and private developers said they have found it
increasingly difficult to work within the constraints of the current
regulations. They were hampered, they said, by the lack of city-owned sites that
met their development criteria.

''When your goal is not simply to build homes, but to contribute to the
preservation of neighborhoods,'' said Kathryn Wylde, president of the New York
Housing Partnership, a nonprofit housing corporation, ''you can't do projects
just on the basis of where the city happens to own land or have properties.''

Ms. Wylde also said that developing on city-owned property often added to rather
than reduced the cost of the Partnership's housing projects.

It is assumed that because the ground costs for city-owned property are usually
much lower than for private sites, she said, the overall development costs for
projects built on city-owned land will be lower too.

''But most city-owned properties come with their own problems,'' she said.
''There is often costly demolition work to be done, foundations must be removed
or other hidden expenses like the cost of relocation. It is rare to find
city-owned properties free and clear.'' Two housing projects the Partnership
sponsored on Staten Island, Ms. Wylde said, illustrated her point. Both were
built by the developer R. Randy Lee and in both the average unit was 1,200
square feet. The selling price for the apartments in Richmond Court, a 22-unit
condominium complex built on a privately owned site, was $63,964. But the
average cost of the 62 town houses in the Stapleton Park development, which went
up on city-owned land, was $81,727.

The disparity in cost, she said, was due primarily to the difference in expenses
for site preparation. Site work at Richmond Court cost the developer an average
of $4,980 per unit; preparation of the city-owned Stapleton Park property ended
up at $16,000 per unit. The Stapelton Park site was steeply sloped and held
abandoned foundations and subcellars, the removal of which not only delayed the
project but also added $10,000 to $20,000 to the cost of the units.

Mr. LaSala, who hopes to break ground for Fordham Landing in the fall, said most
of its apartments will be two-bedroom units starting at about $110,000.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: August 13, 1989, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

CORRECTION:

Because of an editing error, an article on Aug. 6 on a new law to spur private
housing in New York City omitted the name of the architectual firm responsible
for the Fordham Landing condominium complex to be built in the Bronx. It is
Gruzen Samton Steinglass.

GRAPHIC: A model of Fordham Landing planned on Harlem River. The 450-unit
condominium complex will have garage and esplanade on four-acre site

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                             211 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 18, 1984, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

CITY'S RENTAL-SUBSIDY PROGRAM TO GET FIRST TEST SOON

BYLINE: By ALAN S. OSER

SECTION: Section 8; Page 7, Column 1; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 1439 words


The next few weeks should provide the

first chance to assess the city's prospects for generating new rental housing
under an ambitious new program.

By Nov. 29, the first proposals will be filed in response to a request by the
city's Department of Housing Preservation and Development and the Housing
Development Corporation, a financing agency. They are seeking the proposals for
new or substantially rehabilitated rental housing for moderate- and lower-income
households on privately owned sites.

The city is offering interest-reduction subsidies or annual operating subsidies
to developers ''to the extent necessary to make selected projects feasible.''

This marks the start of the first city-sponsored program for new rental
production without Federal subsidies since the middle- income Mitchell-Lama
program of the 1960's and early 1970's. A second request for proposals is
planned for city-owned rather than privately owned sites, probably in January.

When the proposals are evaluated, it will be clearer where the housing will be
situated, what form it will take, how large a subsidy will be needed for each
apartment and how much can be built. City officials say their hope is that 4,000
to 6,000 new or substantially rehabilitated rental apartments can be produced
over four years.

What, precisely, is the city looking for?

A variety of housing types, said Anthony B. Gliedman, the H.P.D. Commissioner,
that typically will be affordable to households with annual earnings of $35,000
to $38,000. Among possible locations, he said, are Brighton Beach in Brooklyn;
northern Kingsbridge in the Bronx; Woodside, Sunnyside and parts of Jamaica in
Queens; Stapleton and St. George in Staten Island, and East Harlem and Hamilton
Heights in Manhattan.

The subsidies will come from interest on $100 million in surplus funds of the
State Municipal Assistance Corporation, which has accumulated a surplus of about
$1 billion. This source is expected to generate $10 million to $12 million a
year for rental housing. City assistance would lower the developer's cost an
average of $20,000 an apartment.

But because of high development costs and zoning restrictions on the one hand
and rent restrictions on the other, some specialists who have closely examined
the economics of the program are skeptical about its potential. They believe it
will not be easy to find suitable sites within the program's constraints.


UP to 80 percent of the apartments are to be affordable to households earning no
more than $48,000 a year. The Federal Department of Housing and Urban
Development calculates that households with higher incomes can buy or rent
housing in the city without public assistance. Typically, those who qualify will
be ''teachers, firemen, nurses, policemen,'' said Lance H. Wilson, president of
the Housing Development Corporation.

For these renters of the new apartments, maximum monthly rent limits, excluding
utilities, have been set at $500 a month for a studio, $650 for a one-bedroom,
$850 for a two- bedroom and $950 for a three-bedroom.

In addition, at least 20 percent of the apartments must be reserved for people
of lower income - earning less than 80 percent of median income in the
metropolitan area. The 1984 median is $24,900, according to H.U.D.

For these families, the maximum monthly rents, excluding utilities, must be held
to $300 for a studio, $350 for a one-bedroom, $400 for a two-bedroom and $500
for a three-bedroom.

Experienced builders have expressed concern over what kinds of housing may
emerge from this program, where it will be situated, and who the
renter-beneficiaries will be.

''You won't see large apartments with swimming pools,'' said Stanley Berman, a
lawyer for developers, ''but rather an upgraded version of the 608's.'' The
Section 608 program of Federal mortgage insurance produced a large number of
what might be called bread-and-butter midrise rental buildings in Queens,
Brooklyn, the Bronx and Staten Island in the 1950's and 1960's.

If interest rates were to decline, Mr. Berman said, the probability is that the
new rentals would get more amenities.

''What you'll get is garden apartments, or six-story buildings, not 12- or
15-story buildings,'' said Robert C. Rosenberg, senior vice president of
Starrett Housing Corporation. ''I think you'll get young families, either from
Manhattan or coming to New York from outside the city.''

The problem, he said, is to find sites cheap enough, but yet desirable enough,
to attract moderate-income families.

Peter Kalikow, president of H. J. Kalikow & Company, a builder who prepared cost
estimates that the city used as one basis for the program, said the program was
a visionary effort to create housing. Using as a model a theoretical 16-story
building in a ''good'' neighborhood in Queens, he said, he projected that rents
could be held to $745 for a 675-square-foot one-bedroom, $980 for an 875-
square-foot two-bedroom and $1,025 for an 1,100-square-foot three bedroom.

Using these figures, a family renting a two- bedroom apartment could likely be
earning about $42,000 a year.

High-rise elevator buildings with a decent lobby and perhaps professional
offices would provide the proper ambience, in his view, for the young
career-oriented families that cannot afford to live in Manhattan. Low-rise
rentals, he said, ''won't last for 15 years and the maintenance and heating will
drive you up the wall.''

In Manhattan, where land costs are much higher but the market is stronger,
higher incomes are needed to rent new housing. The state Housing Finance Agency
is using tax- exempt bonds to finance rental housing at a project called
Carnegie Park, on which The Related Companies Inc. has begun construction at 93d
Street and Third Avenue. It will have 462 apartments, of which 20 percent are to
be reserved for lower-income households.

The market-rate apartments are expected to rent for about $1,500 a month for a
one-bedroom. At that figure, the typical tenant could be expected to have annual
income of about $64,200, assuming that 28 percent of annual income was going for
rent.

The complex will have a health club, swimming pool and new park on 93d Street.
These amenities and ''frills'' help to make it competitive with projects in New
Jersey and Westchester that also attract young professionals.

There will probably be many young tenants sharing apartments at Carnegie Park,
said Robert Harris, executive director of the state's Housing Finance Agency.
''In theory the program works anywhere,'' he said, ''but in the boroughs, market
rents drop steeply, so we haven't seen interest in new construction.''

The $48,000-a-year income maximum also has been used as a limit in the program
for new owner-occupancy houses that the New York City Housing Partnership is
producing with the help of city capital grants and Federal capital grants. That
program is also not reaching the large body of young career-oriented couples
with two incomes and total earnings above $48,000.

It also remains to be tested how well developers can market, and how well
communities will accept, projects that mix market-rate with lower-income
apartments.

Under present Federal standards, with a special upward adjustment for the
high-cost New York area, income limits for lower-income households are $21,750
for a family of four; 70 percent of this, or $15,225, for a one- person
household; 80 percent, or $17,400, for a two-person household, and 90 percent of
it, or $19,575, for a three-person household. For each person above four,
allowable income rises 6 1/4 percentage points above the adjusted
80-percent-of-median figure.

Some developers suggest that the largest impediment to using the new city
program on private land is zoning restrictions. ''The reason for the housing
shortage in the boroughs is that you have no density there,'' said Richard
Kalikow, a cousin of Peter Kalikow, who as principal in Kalikow Realty &
Construction Corporation built a 250-unit rental called Court Plaza in the Kew
Gardens section of Queens seven years ago.

''The highest density is R-7, so you need about 2 1/2 acres to build 200
apartments,'' he said. In Manhattan, builders are getting 12 square feet of
gross building area for each square foot of land. In the boroughs, the R-7
designation allows only about 3 square feet of building for each square foot of
land area.

In its request for proposals, the city housing agencies say that projects that
need a zoning change ''may also be considered.'' But the preference initially is
for sites where multifamily housing can be built under existing zoning.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             212 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             May 15, 2010 Saturday
                                  City Edition

PRESERVATION CONFERENCE SET

SECTION: BUSINESS; ABOUT SPACE; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 370 words

DATELINE: OKMULGEE


OKMULGEE - The Oklahoma Historical Society, State Historic Preservation Office
and co-sponsors will present "Out Front in Preservation," Oklahoma's 22nd annual
statewide preservation conference, June 9-11, in historic downtown Okmulgee.
Conference highlights include two plenary sessions June 10: Robert St. John,
chef, author and chairman of the board of the Mississippi Restaurant
Association, will present "My South: The History, Traditions, Eccentricities,
and Absurdities of Food and Life in the South," and Thomas D. Guzman, director,
Iowa Downtown Resource Center, on the topic is "Out of the Box Thinking - Using
CDBG (Community Development Block Grants) for Rehabilitation, Downtown
Revitalization and Community Sustainability." Other events include the annual
awards banquet and a walking tour of downtown Okmulgee. Registrations postmarked
by June 2 qualify for the special $40 registration fee. For more information, go
to  www.okhistory.org/shpo/conference.htm or call Melvena Heisch at 522-4484 or
mheisch@okhistory.org

Rural housing aid available

STILLWATER - U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development State Director
Ryan McMullen is encouraging public agencies, nonprofits and tribal governments
to apply to the Housing Preservation Grant program for affordable housing
projects in rural areas. Applications will be accepted until June 28. Last year,
five organizations shared nearly $250,000 in grants to help 60 low-income people
with projects ranging from storm shelters to replacing leaking roofs and siding.
For more information, call (800) 522-3819.

Foreclosures rise in city

Foreclosure rates in Oklahoma City increased in March over the same period last
year, according CoreLogic, based in Santa Ana, Calif. The rate among outstanding
mortgage loans was 2.04 percent, an increase of 0.69 percentage points compared
with March 2009 when the rate was 1.35 percent. Foreclosure activity in Oklahoma
City was lower than the national foreclosure rate of 3.23 percent in March 2010,
CoreLogic reported. Also in Oklahoma City, the mortgage delinquency rate
increased, with 5.24 percent of loans 90 days or more late, compared with 3.59
percent in March 2009, an increase of 1.65 percentage points.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Farmers Insurance building, 800 N Harvey, originally Central High
School, is on the National Register of Historic Places. - PHOTO BY DOUG HOKE,
THE OKLAHOMAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             213 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             May 15, 2010 Saturday
                                  City Edition

PRESERVATION CONFERENCE SET

SECTION: BUSINESS; ABOUT SPACE; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 370 words

DATELINE: OKMULGEE


OKMULGEE - The Oklahoma Historical Society, State Historic Preservation Office
and co-sponsors will present "Out Front in Preservation," Oklahoma's 22nd annual
statewide preservation conference, June 9-11, in historic downtown Okmulgee.
Conference highlights include two plenary sessions June 10: Robert St. John,
chef, author and chairman of the board of the Mississippi Restaurant
Association, will present "My South: The History, Traditions, Eccentricities,
and Absurdities of Food and Life in the South," and Thomas D. Guzman, director,
Iowa Downtown Resource Center, on the topic is "Out of the Box Thinking - Using
CDBG (Community Development Block Grants) for Rehabilitation, Downtown
Revitalization and Community Sustainability." Other events include the annual
awards banquet and a walking tour of downtown Okmulgee. Registrations postmarked
by June 2 qualify for the special $40 registration fee. For more information, go
to  www.okhistory.org/shpo/conference.htm or call Melvena Heisch at 522-4484 or
mheisch@okhistory.org

Rural housing aid available

STILLWATER - U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development State Director
Ryan McMullen is encouraging public agencies, nonprofits and tribal governments
to apply to the Housing Preservation Grant program for affordable housing
projects in rural areas. Applications will be accepted until June 28. Last year,
five organizations shared nearly $250,000 in grants to help 60 low-income people
with projects ranging from storm shelters to replacing leaking roofs and siding.
For more information, call (800) 522-3819.

Foreclosures rise in city

Foreclosure rates in Oklahoma City increased in March over the same period last
year, according CoreLogic, based in Santa Ana, Calif. The rate among outstanding
mortgage loans was 2.04 percent, an increase of 0.69 percentage points compared
with March 2009 when the rate was 1.35 percent. Foreclosure activity in Oklahoma
City was lower than the national foreclosure rate of 3.23 percent in March 2010,
CoreLogic reported. Also in Oklahoma City, the mortgage delinquency rate
increased, with 5.24 percent of loans 90 days or more late, compared with 3.59
percent in March 2009, an increase of 1.65 percentage points.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Farmers Insurance building, 800 N Harvey, originally Central High
School, is on the National Register of Historic Places. - PHOTO BY DOUG HOKE,
THE OKLAHOMAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             214 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 24, 1990, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Wrecked 'Robot' to Be Rebuilt, New York Officials Say

BYLINE: By ERIC PACE

SECTION: Section 1; Page 29, Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 531 words


The day after New York City bulldozed a statue built by East Harlem children,
city officials promised yesterday to restore it.

The metal statue was a 25-foot figure known informally as ''The Robot'' but
titled ''The Guardian Spirit for the Protection of the Children.'' The nonprofit
Creative Arts Workshops for Homeless Children oversaw its construction last year
in a lot at 124th Street and Lexington Avenue.

On Thursday the statue was torn apart by bulldozers from the City Department of
Housing Preservation and Development. The department had plans to turn the
vacant lot, which covers most of the block between 124th and 125th Streets and
Lexington and Third Avenues, into a parking lot. Several old oak trees and a
simple memorial to victims of crack were among the other things destroyed along
with the statue.

Yesterday, dozens of children and adults gathered at the lot to protest the
demolition. ''Give us back our park,'' the protesters chanted. Many carried
placards with slogans like ''Dreams Don't Die.''

'Defining an Area'

Brookie Maxwell, the workshop's founder and director, and Chris Dolin, its
associate director, attended the demonstration and met there with Ms. Michetti.
They later met with William E. Spiller, a deputy commissioner of the Department
of Housing Preservation and Development, and other department officials.

In an interview afterward, Ms. Maxwell said the city was ''beginning to
negotiate with us, and we will provide them with a financial proposal for
restitution'' of the damage done in the southwest quarter of the lot, where the
statue and the memorial were.

''It's a good start,'' she said. ''We feel the city is making an effort to make
it up to us.''

Ms. Maxwell said the workshop was planning for the city to provide from $10,000
to $15,000, besides grading the site and installing lights and a fence with
gates.

She said the workshop would use the money to rebuild the sculpture and the
memorial, a low arrangement of metal objects, bricks and blocks.

In a separate interview, Mr. Spiller said, ''We made a mistake, and now we're
trying to do the best we can to remedy the situation.'' He said the department
had agreed to divide the vacant lot ''in order for them to build a little park
that they designed, about 1,700 square feet.''

'They'll Be Dealt With'

He said the workshop would prepare a budget for the funds and would receive a
city grant if the Board of Estimate approved it.

Asked whether anyone in the department would be disciplined for the loss of the
statue, he declined to comment except to say ''we're attempting to determine
who's responsible for this.'' ''They'll be dealt with,'' he said. ''We're
reviewing our procedures to make sure this never happens again.''

Earlier in the day, one of the demonstrators, Marc Siton, who is 17 years old
and a student at the Albert Merrill trade school, said that despite Ms.
Fichetti's assurance of help, ''There's still sadness because they tore the
robot down.''

''It took us a long time to build that,'' he said.

He said that if the city did not do what it said it would, ''We'll come back and
bring the signs and walk the sidewalk once again.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Youngsters from East Harlem gathered yesterday at 124th Street
and Lexington Avenue to protest the demolition of a statue constructed as part
of an art program for homeless children. The city announced yesterday that it
would restore the statue. (The New York Times/Dith Pran)

                   Copyright 1990 The New York Times Company


                             215 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Victoria Advocate (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 19, 2010 Tuesday

Congressman Ruben Hinojosa plans visits to Refugio, Woodsboro

BYLINE: J.R. Ortega, Victoria Advocate, Texas

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 318 words


Oct. 19--REFUGIO -- U.S. Rep. Ruben Hinojosa will make stops in Refugio and
Woodsboro on Friday.

While in Refugio, Hinojosa will announce two USDA grants and present a $100,000-
housing-preservation grant and a $60,000-rural-development grant for a brush
truck for the Refugio Volunteer Fire Department, according to the congressman's
itinerary.

Also on the Friday, the congressman will stop in Woodsboro to attend a Texas
Assessment of Knowledge and Skills recognition ceremony and tour the Woodsboro
community center and shelter monolithic dome, which was funded late last year by
the Department of Human Services.

"It's surprising to me and it's encouraging that he knows what's going on and
his staff is aware of the good things going on throughout the district," said
Steven Self, Woodsboro school district superintendent. "It's good to be
recognized even when you're in a small place."

Hinojosa is also expected conduct the coin toss at the Woodsboro Eagles' game
against the Benavides Eagles.

"I think it gives them a view into the real world of politics and governance,"
Self said about his students. "They have the opportunity to see him at work."

Lenny Anzaldua, president of the Refugio County Chamber of Commerce, said he is
excited to see the congressman.

"It shows that he takes Refugio seriously," Anzaldua said.

The city will soon get the brush truck. The city plans to use the housing grant
to fix about 35 homes beginning in December, Anzaldua said.

To see more of Victoria Advocate, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thevictoriaadvocate.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Victoria Advocate, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20101019-VI-Congressman-Ruben-Hinojosa-plans-visits-to-Refugio-Woodsboro-1019-20
101019

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VI


                        Copyright 2010 Victoria Advocate


                             216 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             March 26, 2006 Sunday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

NEIGHBORHOOD REPORT. Town hall meeting

BYLINE: COMPILED BY MAXINE SIMPSON

SECTION: SUBURBAN; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 255 words


The Richmond Hill Block Association will hold a Town Hall Meeting on Wednesday
at 8 p.m. at 110-08 Jamaica Ave. in Richmond Hill. Assemblywoman Nettie
Mayersohn (D-Flushing) will be the host.

Representatives from the city Buildings Department, Housing Preservation and
Development Department, and Environmental Protection Department will speak about
concerns such as homes being demolished and replaced by large structures,
developers working without permits and asbestos hazards.

For information, call (718) 849-3759.

Access-A-Ride talk

The Howard Beach Senior Center will hold a presentation on the New Eligibility
for Access-A-Ride Subscription Service on Thursday at 10:30 a.m. The speakers
will be Eunice Pokey and Russ Schmitt from the Metropolitan Transportation
Authority.

The Howard Beach Senior Center is at 156-45 84th St. (entrance is on 85th St.).
For information, call (718) 738-8100.

Education grant

The School Sisters of Notre Dame Education Center has received a $914 grant from
ProLiteracy Worldwide through its National Book Scholarship Fund.

The center in Jamaica serves women who have dropped out of school, who need a
high school diploma or who are on public assistance.

For information, call (718) 738-0588.

Help end hunger

Hunger is not limited to any age group.

The folks at the Glenridge Senior Citizen Multi-Service and Advisory Center in
Ridgewood are reaching out to those who can help and asking them to donate
directly to the Food Bank of New York's Queens Hunger Task Force.

For information, call (718) 386-3131.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Daily News, L.P.


                             217 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 4, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: Hoeven Announces $50K in Federal Funding to Assist Low-Income
Homeowners in Pembina County

LENGTH: 153 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator John Hoeven has issued the following news
release:



 Senator John Hoeven, who serves on the U.S. Senate Appropriations and
Agriculture Committees, today announced that the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's (USDA) Rural Development has awarded $50,000 to the Red River
Regional Council through its Housing Preservation Grant Program. The funds will
be used to assist 15 low-income homeowners in making needed repairs to their
homes in Pembina County.





 &ldquo;It's important for us to invest in programs that allow North Dakotans to
maintain their homes,&rdquo; Hoeven said. &ldquo;Today's USDA funds will help 15
low-income homeowners make much-needed repairs to their residences, which will
help to ensure that they are safe and warm in the coming winter months.&rdquo;



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             218 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 4, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: Heitkamp Announces Federal Funding to Support Low-income Households

LENGTH: 187  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Office of the Senator Heidi Heitkamp has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Heidi Heitkamp announced a total of $50,000 in federal grants to
support housing for low-income households.





 &ldquo;North Dakotans understand the importance of giving our neighbors a
helping hand when they are most in need,&rdquo; said Heitkamp. &ldquo;This
federal support will make sure some of the most vulnerable among us have a
secure place to call home. And when all families have safe, affordable homes,
our communities thrive.&rdquo;



 These federal funds are awarded to Red River Regional Council to help make
repairs and renovations to 15 low-income homes in Pembina County. The Red River
Regional Council works with local governments, businesses, and non-profits to
develop comprehensive plans that help communities solve issues that may
otherwise be overlooked.



 The federal funds come from the U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural
Development through its Housing Preservation Grant program.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             219 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Cisneros Implores House Not to Snip Block Grant Funds

                            March 1, 1995, Wednesday

By Joan Pryde

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


A House panel's proposal to renege on part of the fiscal 1995 appropriation for
the Community Development Block Grant program will create financial hardship for
state and local governments who were expecting the funds, Housing Secretary
Henry Cisneros charged yesterday.

In a speech to the National Council of State Housing Agencies, Cisneros also
reiterated a pledge made last week by federal housing commissioner Nicolas
Retsinas not to abrogate Section 8 rent subsidy contracts that help multifamily
housing project owners pay debt service on tax-exempt bond issues.

Cisneros' remarks on the block grant program were in response to approval by a
House subcommittee of legislation to cut $7.2 billion from HUD's fiscal 1995
budget.

The measure was cleared last week by the House Appropriations Committee's
subcommittee on the Veterans Administration, Department of Housing and Urban
Development, and independent agencies. The full committee is scheduled to vote
on the reduction tomorrow.

The cuts include $350 million from the block grant program's fiscal 1995
allocation of $4.6 billion.

Cisneros said the reduction, though small, would be harmful because state and
local governments had already made plans on the assumption they would receive
the money.

"We're in the middle of the year. Local governments have budgeted for it and
states have budgeted for it," Cisneros told the state housing agency officials.
"For those who (normally) get their money in the third or fourth quarter, they
lose" under the proposal.

The subcommittee also proposed eliminating several hundred million dollars in
unused funding from prior years for the low-income housing preservation program,
under which private, nonprofit organizations have been gearing up to issue
tax-exempt bonds to acquire housing projects from private developers.

In addition, $2.7 billion would be cut from the Section 8 rent subsidy program.
The decrease would not eliminate any existing rent certificates, but would
prevent the planned issuance of 62,000 new certificates.

Cisneros said those and other cuts represent the "emergency of the moment" for
HUD and added it was unfair that the housing department was absorbing half of
all rescissions being contemplated in the budget for fiscal 1995, which began
Oct. 1.

In response to a question, Cisneros said the department would continue to stand
behind its obligations under the Section 8 program and honor all rent subsidy
contracts that the department entered into with developers.

Last month, HUD proposed terminating some Section 8 contracts before they are
scheduled to expire. But last week HUD backed away from the plan after hearing
housing industry officials' concerns that ending the contracts could send
multifamily mortgages and their underlying bond issues into default.

Retsinas told Standard & Poor's Corp. in a Feb. 22 letter that HUD had decided
to continue to honor the contracts. Yesterday, Cisneros said the contracts would
be "protected until their expiration."

Cisneros added, "We remain committed to the contractual terms" of the Section 8
agreements.


SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 519 words

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1995 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             220 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 7, 1989, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Dinkins's '86 Letter to Pierce Helped Save Housing Funds

BYLINE: By ALAN FINDER

SECTION: Section 1; Page 26, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 317 words


A 1986 letter from Borough President David N. Dinkins of Manhattan to Samuel R.
Pierce, then the Federal Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, helped New
York City retain $8 million in Federal housing money that it might otherwise
have lost.

The money had been earmarked for a proposed low- and moderate-income housing
development in the Clinton section of Manhattan. But Mayor Edward I. Koch
withdrew the project after many members of the city's Board of Estimate
threatened to vote against it.

The city's Department of Housing Preservation and Development then sought
Federal permission to transfer the Federal grant to other, unspecified housing
projects, and it needed a deadline extension to do so.

Previous Discussion

The letter from Mr. Dinkins, now the Democratic nominee for mayor, was released
on Thursday by H.U.D. in response to a request under the Freedom of Information
Act. The letter indicated that Mr. Dinkins and Mr. Pierce had previously
discussed the request.

The letter was one of many documents released by H.U.D. Many of them demonstrate
that prominent Republicans sought help from Mr. Pierce and other senior H.U.D.
officials. A Congressional committee is investigating how developers with strong
political connections made large profits from projects intended to help the
poor.

Mr. Dinkins's letter to Mr. Pierce, written on May 5, 1986, requested the
deadline extension so alternative uses for the Federal money in New York could
be identified. Mr. Dinkins did not suggest using the money for any particular
project or developer.

The extension was eventually granted, and the money went to help the rebuilding
of three abandoned, city-owned buildings, none of them in Mr. Dinkins's borough.
Two are in the Bronx, and one is in Brooklyn, a spokeswoman for the city's
housing department, Catie Marshall, said yesterday. All three are now under
construction.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                             221 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 bondbuyer.com

                              June 2, 2014 Monday

HUD Awards N.Y., N.J., Funds for Post-Sandy Hardening Projects

BYLINE: Paul Burton

SECTION: REGIONAL NEWS Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 300  words


A $335 million berm along Manhattan's Lower East Side, a $60 million living
breakwater along Staten Island's South Shore, and a $20 million study of how to
protect the Hunts Point food distribution center in the Bronx have received
grants under the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development's Rebuild by
Design program.

Outgoing HUD Secretary Shaun Donovan, a New York native and the former
commissioner of the New York City Department of Housing Preservation and
Development, made the announcement June 2 at the Jacob Riis Houses on the Lower
East Side, with Gov. Mario Cuomo, Mayor Bill de Blasio and U.S. Sen. Charles
Schumer, among other elected officials. Some of the combined amount announced
Monday will funnel to the city through the state.

President Obama last week appointed Donovan the director of the Office of
Management and Budget, pending Senate approval. Rebuild by Design is an
outgrowth of Obama's Hurricane Sandy Task Force.

The East Side bridging berm, called "Big U," will stretch from West 57th Street
south to The Battery and up to East 42th Street, protecting 10 continuous miles
of low-lying geography. The Staten Island breakwater targets Tottenville, a
water-exposed part of Staten Island, the borough where 23 of 43 deaths occurred
from the Oct. 29, 2012, storm. The Hunts Point project seeks to protect a food
market that is a major food-distribution center.

"A vibrant Hunts Point means businesses will want to stay there, rather than
relocate elsewhere," said Schumer.

Long Island will receive $125 million to protect north south waterways and the
Mill River in southern Nassau County.

Other regional winners are the new Meadowlands -- Little Ferry, Moonachie,
Carlstadt and Teterboro, N.J.; and Resist, Delay, Store, Discharge -- Hoboken,
Weehawken and Jersey City, N.J.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BONDBUYER_NEWS


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             222 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 1, 2016 Thursday

New York: Governor Cuomo Hosts Regional Sustainable Development & Collaborative
Governance Conference in Schenectady

LENGTH: 1321  words

DATELINE: New York



 Albany: Office of the Governor of New York has issued the following news
release:



  Governor Andrew M. Cuomo today announced the success of the state's eighth
regional sustainability conference, which brought together United States
Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Julián Castro, community development
experts, local elected officials and business leaders to share successful
economic growth strategies in the Capital Region. The conference is part of a
statewide effort to boost awareness of resources available to local governments
and nonprofit organizations to help create sustainable communities across New
York. During the conference, Governor Cuomo highlighted a new handbook that
serves as a one-stop-shop resource for State grants - providing context and web
links to the complete list of more than 100 innovative funding programs.





 "From innovative investments to drive smart growth, to the bottom-up approach
of the Regional Economic Development Councils, we are leveraging our assets to
build a sustainable economy in the Capital Region and beyond," Governor Cuomo
said. "This conference brought together experts and community leaders to build
on our successes, share challenges and strengths, and establish partnerships to
create new opportunities and help ensure a brighter future for the entire
region."



 United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Julián Castro said,
"New York has all the ingredients for success: a productive workforce, strong
state and local leadership, and a public ready to face new challenges. Today's
sustainability conference is a new step toward building neighborhoods of
opportunity that promote prosperity for all in the region."



 The Sustainable Development & Collaborative Governance Conference draws on
then-Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Andrew Cuomo's 1999 conference,
"Bridging the Divide: Making Regions Work for Everyone: Shaping the Federal
Agenda," which invited experts and academics in regionalism, smart growth and
urban revitalization to present their ideas, followed by panel discussions among
a diverse group of stakeholders.



 Under the leadership of Governor Cuomo, New York State is prioritizing
cross-collaboration between state agencies, local governments and community
partners to maximize the collective impact of their efforts. The Finger Lakes
region is a prime example of this bottom-up approach that has shown its success
through the Regional Economic Development Councils.



 To date, New York State has invested more than $3.7 billion in the Capital
Region helping to advance the region's goals. Since October 2010, the region has
added 31,000 private sector jobs - an increase of 7.8 percent, bringing the
total number of private sector jobs to 434,500, as of October 2016. Today, the
region's unemployment rate has dropped significantly - from 7.0 percent in
October 2010 to 4.0 percent during the same month this year.



 Lieutenant Governor Kathy Hochul said, "Governor Cuomo has proven how critical
sustainable principles and strategic investments are to the growth of a region,
and this is exemplified everywhere you look in the Capital Region. Thanks to the
Governor's leadership and vision, we continue to invest in creating and
protecting jobs, jumpstarting new industries and strengthening both urban and
rural communities all across New York State. The progress is undeniable and
these conferences are key in building off those successes."



 At the collaborative governance conference, speakers and panel discussions
examined case studies, shared best practices and discussed examples of how New
York State will continue to serve as a partner in creating sustainable,
integrated communities and boosting bottom-up economic development efforts. Two
sustainable development experts delivered keynote addresses:



     Julian Castro -United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development

     Rafael E. Cestero - President/CEO of Community Preservation Corporation and
New York City's former Commissioner of Housing Preservation and Development



 During the conference, Lieutenant Governor Kathy Hochul announced that New York
State has secured international certification of nearly $100 million in new
"Green Bonds" to drive the development of housing that has a positive impact on
the environment and climate. New York is now the first state in the nation to
have its affordable housing bonds certified by The Climate Bond Standards Board,
on behalf of the Climate Bonds Initiative, an international not-for-profit
organization supporting financing for projects around the world that help reduce
the impact of climate change.



 The Lieutenant Governor also announced that $6.3 million has been awarded to
nine projects to help protect 2,764 acres of at-risk farmland in the Capital
Region. The projects support the preservation of farmland for agricultural use
and protect it from degradation through the use of perpetual conservation
easements.

 From innovative investments to drive smart growth, to the bottom-up approach of
the Regional Economic Development Councils, we are leveraging our assets to
build a sustainable economy in the Capital Region and beyond.Governor Cuomo



 Other sustainability and development programs that have been initiated or
reformed over the last six years under Governor Cuomo include:



     Cleaner, Greener Regional Sustainability Plans

     Regional Economic Development Councils

     Land Bank Act to convert vacant properties

     Legislation to combat zombie properties

     Complete Streets design initiative

     Upstate Revitalization Initiative

     Hudson Valley Farmland Preservation and Southern Tier Agricultural Industry
Enhancement Programs

     Clean Energy Communities

     Brownfield Redevelopment Reform

     Historic Preservation Tax Credit

     Climate Smart Communities Grants

     Community Risk and Resiliency Act
 Community Preservation Corporation President/CEO and New York City's former
Commissioner of Housing Preservation and Development Rafael E. Cestero said, "At
CPC, we believe that housing is critical to transforming underserved
neighborhoods into thriving and sustainable communities. Throughout the last
several years we have seen the impact of the Governor's economic development
initiatives in attracting new housing, business, and infrastructure to cities
large and small across the state. We look forward to continuing our work
together to help advance the programs that will be key to expanding and
preserving the state's housing stock, revitalizing our cities, and creating more
affordable and sustainable communities for all New Yorkers."



 New York State Canal Corporation Director Brian Stratton said, "Thanks to
Governor Cuomo's strategy in Upstate New York, the Capital Region's economy
grows every day and we must ensure that progress continues well into the future.
This conference offers the local municipal and business leaders an opportunity
to come together and develop the forward-thinking approach we need. The
Governor's leadership has brought us to where we are today, and by tapping into
the expertise of these industry stakeholders, we will continue to bring this
area and this state to even greater heights."



 Schenectady Mayor Gary McCarthy said, "Success in the 21st century economy
requires an approach focused on sustainable development and the ability to
capitalize on unique regional assets and that is exactly the strategy that
Governor Cuomo has used to jumpstart economic growth throughout upstate New
York. Thanks to his leadership, the Capital Region has grown to become a model
these policies and by bringing the together the best minds our public and
private sectors have to offer, this conference will play a key role in
developing solutions that tackle the biggest challenges facing our communities
today."

 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             223 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 April 22, 1996

TRI Capital Funds $ 8 MM in CT MF

SECTION: AFFORDABLE HOUSING; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 120 words

DATELINE: San Franciso


TRI Capital Corp., which primarily funds multifamily housing loans for rental
housing and senior health care facilities, has provided $ 8.1 million in
financing for acquisition and rehabilitation of a 190-unit low income apartment
complex near Hartford. CT

The property, Park West Apartment in Vernon, qualified for special financing
under the Low Income Housing Preservation and Resident Homeownership Act because
more than 80% of Park West residents earn below 80% of the area median income.
It has been acquired by a nonprofit association run by residents.  The
Department of Housing and Urban Development has provided a grant to the tenants
association to cover costs not included in the $ 8.1 million loan.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1996 Faulkner & Gray


                             224 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           November 20, 1995, Monday

THEY'RE HOUSE PROUD

BYLINE: By LAURA WILLIAMS

SECTION: Suburban; Pg.  1

LENGTH: 469 words


Community leaders and new homeowners gathered on Williamsburg's south side last
week to celebrate a new housing development built in the neighborhood.

Ribbon-cutting ceremonies were held Friday to mark the opening of Caribe
Village, 23 two-story, two-family rowhouses bought by first-time homebuyers.

The development is on S. Third and S. Fourth Sts. in a neighborhood where any
available housing is a hot commodity. The homes were made available to buyers
with limited means with the help of state and city grants and low-interest
mortgages from Chemical and Fleet banks.

The state's Affordable Housing Corp. gave Caribe Village buyers grants of up to
$ 30,000. The city Department of Housing Preservation and Development gave each
buyer up to $ 20,000.

But Assemblyman Vito Lopez (D-Williamsburg, Bushwick) warned that state budget
cuts would put similar projects at risk.

Lopez said the Pataki administration is looking to cut $ 3 million out of the
Affordable Housing Corp.'s $ 25 million budget this fiscal year and lop $ 15
million off for the next fiscal year.

"It would dismantle the future for the affordable housing infrastructure," he
said.

Fred Ringler, Affordable Housing Corp. president, responded: "We want to
continue to do projects like this. We don't want to see the budget cut." He said
he would try to persuade Gov. Pataki to keep the corporation's budget intact.

All of the new homeowners are Hispanic, said David Pagan, head of Los Sures, a
community group that focuses on housing issues.

Pagan added that 200 people applied for the 23 openings. None of the buyers
could have an income of more than $ 53,000 per year.

Jose LaSalle, a 27-year-old subway conductor, made the cut. He and his mother
bought a two-family house for $ 178,000. His mother lives in the four-bedroom
unit upstairs, and he's in the two-bedroom basement apartment.

LaSalle, who has lived in Greenpoint and Williamsburg his entire life, said,
"This gave me an opportunity to stay in the neighborhood. There seems to be a
resurgence in the type of people who live here. Drugs used to be sold openly;
you don't see that now."

Caribe Village was 20 years in the making Los Sures struggled for years to
convert an old public school on the site into housing units. Because the school
was eligible for inclusion in the National Register of Historic Places, city
officials were loath to tear it down.

The school was demolished in May 1993 because, said HPD spokeswoman Cassandra
Vernon, it was "literally falling to pieces."

The nonprofit New York City Housing Partnership Development Corp. coordinated
the agencies and companies that made the project come about: Los Sures; HPD;
Affordable Housing Corp.; the developer, Suna Levine Design Development
Construction, and the banks.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1995 Daily News, L.P.


                             225 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 14, 1997, Friday, Final Edition

OMB Releases Budget 'Hit List'; 254 Programs, Projects Worth $3.4 Billion Slated
for Elimination

Stephen Barr, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A25; THE FEDERAL PAGE

LENGTH: 489 words


As is often the case with Washington hit lists, what one side views as budgetary
savings the other side sees as a budgetary investment.

The Office of Management and Budget yesterday identified 254 programs and
projects it wants to eliminate in the next fiscal year, but House Appropriations
Committee Chairman Bob Livingston (R-La.) pronounced himself "most disappointed.
It is not a serious document."

The chairman directed his ire at two proposed terminations that he said
"represent a slap in the face to Republican initiatives." OMB suggested saving $
310 million by ending the Innovative Education Program Strategies, a block grant
that Republicans say gives great flexibility to the states. OMB also targeted a
GOP crime-fighting favorite, the $ 523 million Local Law Enforcement Block Grant
Program.

"Suggesting we eliminate these programs is simply not helpful," Livingston said.

In a letter accompanying the elimination list, OMB Director Franklin D. Raines
said abolishing the 254 programs and projects would save $ 3.4 billion in fiscal
1998.

Livingston asked for the list last month after Treasury Secretary Robert E.
Rubin disclosed the existence of a confidential list during congressional
testimony. Not all the items on the list can be easily found in the president's
1998 budget, but are in program accounts that would not be funded or would
receive less money.

Nearly half of the proposed savings -- $ 1.49 billion -- come from the Defense
Department and include weapon systems that are being replaced by newer systems
or are no longer needed. OMB also proposes to save $ 350 million by eliminating
a housing preservation program.

But many of the proposals represent individual savings of less than $ 1 million,
such as 107 research grants at the Agriculture Department. Spending would be
halted for research into aflatoxin, the broom snakeweed, canola, Chesapeake Bay
aquaculture, cranberry and blueberry disease, molluscan shellfish and weed
control.

Among the facilities facing the ax are the U.S. Vegetable Lab and the National
Coldwater Aquaculture Center. Eliminating both would save $ 9 million, OMB said.

Livingston faulted the OMB list as "a hodgepodge of small programs," including
some that would have expired anyway. Raines's letter acknowledged that the need
for some programs "no longer exists" or that the work can be shifted to the
private sector.

The hit list and the reaction it drew provided another example of an ongoing
disagreement between Democrats and Republicans as they seek to put together a
framework to balance the budget by 2002.

Asked about Livingston's remarks, OMB spokesman Lawrence J. Haas said, "Once
again, Republicans are trying to change the subject." The president, he said,
has drafted "the only comprehensive [budget] plan that is now on the table." The
hit list "is just a tiny piece of this much larger, comprehensive plan," Haas
said.


LOAD-DATE: March 14, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, ray lustig; Chart, AN UNCERTAIN FISCAL FUTURE Examples of
program elimination proposals and the projected savings, according to the Office
of Management and Budget: * Alaska Fisheries Center, $8 million * Coast Guard
port safety development, $5 million * Honolulu fish lab, $2 million * Impact aid
payments for federal property, $17.5 million * Kiowa Warrior armed
reconnaissance helicopter, $199 million * Lake Pontchartrain storm water
protection, $13.3 million * Light water nuclear reactor research, $38 million *
Literacy program for prisoners, $4.7 million * National Civil Aviation Review
Commission, $2.4 million * National Textile Center, $7.5 million * New Hampshire
environmental technology facility, $8.5 million * Mary McLeod Bethune Memorial
Fine Arts Center, $1.4 million * Plant Stress and Water Conservation Lab, $8.1
million * Renewable Resources Extension Act, $3.2 million Southern crop
improvement, Texas A&M, $4.5 million * WC-130 weather aircraft, $185.7 million

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                             226 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           November 18, 2008 Tuesday
                         The New York Times on the Web

In Tough Times, Foundations Must Keep Giving

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; Editorial Desk; LETTER; Pg.

LENGTH: 253 words


To the Editor:

''Bracing for Lean Times Ahead'' (Giving section, Nov. 11) highlights the
critical role philanthropy plays in times of economic crisis.

I agree, and believe that foundations should maintain, even increase, their
giving in difficult economic times. The issues the MacArthur Foundation
confronts at home and abroad -- human rights, conservation and affordable
housing preservation, among others -- grow more, not less, urgent when the
global economy is in recession.

The MacArthur Foundation's endowment has declined this year, yet we remain
committed to being a long-term, steady partner to organizations we support. We
chose to maintain our grant-making levels in past recessions, and we intend to
do so again now.

MacArthur remains in close contact with our grantees to learn how they are
faring. Many have related significant losses to their endowments and challenging
fund-raising environments.

Even before the downturn, arts and culture organizations in Chicago saw cutbacks
in public financing. Now they are reporting reduced ticket sales and increased
costs for out-of-town tours.

In response, MacArthur has increased our annual operating support for arts and
culture groups in Chicago. And our $68 million foreclosure initiative responds
to local needs resulting from the economic crisis, which threatens to disrupt
hard-won progress in some of the city's most challenging neighborhoods.

Jonathan F. Fanton  President John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation
Chicago, Nov. 14, 2008

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Times Company


                             227 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 30, 2012 Friday

New York: UPDATE ON CITY RECOVERY AND ASSISTANCE OPERATIONS

LENGTH: 3360  words

DATELINE: Albany


Office of the Mayor, State of New York has issued the following news release:

Federal Aid Request

Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg released the City's request for more than $15 billion
in Federal aid for recovery from Hurricane Sandy. The Mayor's letter and
accompanying chart, sent today to members of the New York State Congressional
Delegation, are available at nyc.gov.

Restoring Power, Heat and Hot Water

Mayor Bloomberg and Department of Housing Preservation and Development
Commissioner Matthew M. Wambua notified building owners and landlords of
multi-family residential buildings impacted by Hurricane Sandy that they must
restore power, heat and hot water. Building owners must sign up for NYC Rapid
Repairs or take other steps to correct the services, or will be subject to
enforcement proceedings.  Building owners have two options:

Small Business Matching Grant Program

Mayor Bloomberg announced a new $5.5 million matching grant program for
businesses impacted by Hurricane Sandy. The grant program is funded with $5
million from the Mayor's Fund to Advance New York City and $500,000 from the
Partnership for New York City, and will be administered by the New York Business
Development Corporation.

The matching grants are designed to provide additional financial assistance for
local businesses already seeking low-interest loans through the City's existing
Emergency Loan Fund. The total amount of loans, grants and other financial
assistance available to businesses affected by the storm is more than $45
million.

NYC Rapid Repairs

Mayor Bloomberg announced that NYC Rapid Repairs, a first-of-its-kind program
that sends teams of contractors and City inspectors to restore power, heat and
hot water at homes impacted by Hurricane Sandy, has begun making repairs and
restoring service at homes. Last week, the Mayor visited two homes in the
Rockaways where Rapid Repair teams had restored power, heat and hot water. The
Mayor also announced the City has authorized $500 million for the Rapid Repairs
program.

Under unprecedented partnership with FEMA, City will coordinate all repair work
at no cost to homeowners so that work is done quickly and efficiently.
    Homeowners can sign up on nyc.gov or 311 to secure; they must also register
for a FEMA ID number from disasterassistance.gov or 1-800-621-3362
    Nearly 7,000 homeowners have enrolled and more than 4,500 assessments have
been scheduled. More than 2,000 assessments have been completed.

$1.2 Billion for Major Repair Work

The City has authorized a total of $1.2 billion for an emergency spending plan
to make critical repairs to homes, public schools and public hospitals damaged
by Hurricane Sandy. Those expenses include the $500 million for NYC Rapid
Repairs and $500 million to restore public school and hospital buildings, as
well as:

$30 million for the Department of Transportation to repair escalators and
elevators and electrical systems at St. George and Whitehall Street Staten
Island Ferry Terminals, to procure construction services for the Battery Park
underpass and West Street underpass, to repair signal lights sand intersections
that were damaged by wind and flooding.
    $12 million for the Department of Sanitation Office of Emergency Management
to remove debris
    $2.5 million to the Department of Citywide Administrative Services and Human
Resource Administration for food and water distribution.
    $2 million to the Department of Citywide Administrative Services for the
delivery of maintenance, repair and operations supplies for response operations
    $5 million for electrical plumbing and water line inspections for homes in
Staten Island and Queens
    $1.1 million to the Office of Emergency Management for additional ambulances

Food, Water & Supply Distribution at City-Run Resource Sites

The City opened food and water distribution sites in the hardest hit areas. They
are staffed by City employees, volunteers, the Salvation Army and National
Guard. Locations and hours:
http://www.nyc.gov/html/misc/html/2012/foodandwater.html.

From Thursday, November 1 through Monday, November 26, the following have been
distributed:

Approximately 2,085,402 meals
    Approximately 622,403 prepared meals
    Approximately 26,500 prepared Thanksgiving meals
    Approximately 723,748 bottles of water
    More than 170,856 blankets
    6,946 cases of baby formula, diapers and wipes
    8,788 packs of new underwear (kids and adults)
    1,552 winter hats
    3,780 winter gloves
    3,863 socks
    4,000 hand-warmers
    10,758 D batteries
    15,830 C batteries
    1,496 AA batteries
    507 cases of garbage bags
    3,435 flashlights/lanterns
    759 cases of toilet paper
    2,706 cases of bleach and other cleaning materials
    1,520 mop, shovels and construction buckets
    1,200 dustpans
    20,000 cases of Ziploc bags
    6,000 masks
    10,000 boxes of cleaning wipes
    1,500 work gloves
    928 cases of soap and hand sanitizer
    433 cases of fruit and apple sauce
    1,340 cases of dried food and canned food
    560 cases of Gatorade and juice

Partnership with Local Food Trucks

The Mayors Fund to Advance New York City partnered with the NYC Food Truck
Association and local food trucks to coordinate hot food distribution in areas
severely impacted by Hurricane Sandy in Brooklyn, Queens and Staten Island.

Since the start of the partnership, the food trucks have served or donated
237,896 meals. The locations and hours are available here:
http://www.nyc.gov/html/misc/html/2012/hot_food.html.

School Updates

On Monday, one school returned to its original building and 12 schools serving
approximately 5,400 students remain in temporary locations.

The City, Council of School Supervisors and Administrators and United Federation
of Teachers reached an agreement to make up school days lost because of
Hurricane Sandy:

School will be open the last three days of scheduled winter break, February 20 -
22, 2013.
    The half-day scheduled for June 4 will now become a full day of class.

Door-to-Door Canvass

The City coordinated a massive relief effort through NYC Service, the Department
of Health and Mental Hygiene and nonprofits and also organized medical teams
that:

Canvassed high-rise apartments in the Rockaways, Coney Island and Red Hook
    Provided food, water and medical assessments with prescriptions
    Evacuated 44 people for medical reasons.

The Department of Housing Preservation and Development is also contacting
building owners in affected areas to ask if services have been restored and if
they can check on their residents in buildings where power and heat are still
unavailable, Visiting Nurse Services is following up with tenant outreach.  More
than 65,000 residents have been contacted through this process.

Members of the National Guard and FEMA representatives also continue to go
door-to-door in these communities, and are leaving electric blankets in
apartments that have power - but no heat - and protective masks for residents to
wear if they're cleaning up storm damage. In addition, they are recording the
need for follow-up visits by nurses or food delivery services, and FEMA
representatives are carrying mobile devices enabling them to register for FEMA
assistance on the spot.

Mobile Medical Vans with Prescription Services

The City has deployed vans staffed with primary care providers who will be able
to provide medical care and distribute commonly prescribed drugs at several
locations in the Rockaways, Brooklyn, and Staten Island. Volunteers are also
going door-to-door to reach people who may have medical needs but remain in
their homes without heat and power. The location and hours are available here:
http://www.nyc.gov/html/misc/html/2012/medical_vans.html.

Power Customers Out

Total Con Ed customers without power: 1,725
    Total LIPA (Rockaways) customers without power: 9,442

Trees and Debris

Tree service requests from both Hurricane Sandy and the nor'easter total 26,011,
and 15,432 of those were for trees down.
    The City has addressed 19,357 of these emergency tree conditions and crews
continue to work around the clock to address conditions.

Sanitation 24-Hour Debris Cleanup Continues

Sanitation crews have collected more than 312,424 tons of trash, debris and tree
as a part of storm cleanup operations.

Vehicles damaged during the storm and left on public roadways are being moved to
lots where they will not interfere with use of the streets, response operations,
street cleaning and debris removal by the Sanitation Department.
    Owners can call their local police precinct or 1-800-244-5094 to get
information about where their vehicle is being stored.

NYCHA Facilities

Heat and hot water have been restored to all buildings impacted by Hurricane
Sandy.
    Power has been restored to all NYCHA residential buildings impacted by
Hurricane Sandy.
    Elevator service has been restored to all the elevators impacted by the
storm.

NYCHA will not begin any new housing court actions or perform evictions for
residential tenants living in developments affected by Hurricane Sandy. The
moratorium is effective from November 15, 2012 through January 1, 2013.

New NYC Restoration Centers

Mayor Bloomberg launched NYC Restore to connect New Yorkers affected by
Hurricane Sandy with the financial, health, environmental and residential
services they need - as well as FEMA reimbursement.

The list of NYC Restoration Centers is available here at
http://www.nyc.gov/html/misc/html/2012/dasc.html.
    Human Resources Administration staff will provide information on Medicaid,
Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) and temporary cash assistance.
    Department of Small Business Services will provide information on loans and
reimbursements to small businesses.
    The Departments of Health, Consumer Affairs, Housing Preservation and
Development and Aging, Administration for Children Services and the Department
for Youth and Community Development are also on site.
    The Department of Consumer Affairs Office of Financial Empowerment offers
financial counseling, including filing insurance claims, personal debt
counseling, and financial guidance on housing recovery.

More information is available at nyc.gov.

Department of Buildings Application & Fee Waiver

As part of the City's ongoing recovery and assistance operations to help New
Yorkers affected by Hurricane Sandy, Mayor Bloomberg signed an emergency order
to waive application and permit fees for Hurricane Sandy repair work until
further notice.

Buildings with significant structural damage in need of demolition, alterations
or reconstruction will have all their repair work fees waived.
    In addition, all fees for electrical and plumbing repair work will be waived
until further notice for any building damaged by the storm.

City Expedites Licensing for Home Improvement Contractors

The City is expediting additional Home Improvement Contractor licenses to
encourage unlicensed contractors or those working out of New York City to come
work on damaged property.

The Department of Consumer Affairs will expedite fingerprinting and applications
so that licenses are issued in two days.
    Home improvement contractors can begin the license application online or
in-person at the Consumer Affairs Licensing Center (42 Broadway, 5th Floor).
    There are currently 13,200 licensed home improvement contractors in New York
City.
    City encourages DCA-licensed contractors interested in subcontracting as
part of NYC Rapid Repairs to register at bteany.com/rapidrepairs.
    New Yorkers should review tips about hiring contractors at
nyc.gov/homeimprovement.

Alternate Side Parking

Alternate side parking regulations are suspended indefinitely in the
neighborhoods impacted by Hurricane Sandy. They include:

Queens Community Board 14: Broad Channel, Breezy Point, Belle Harbor, Neponsit,
Bayswater, Edgemere, Rockaway Park, Rockaway and Far Rockaway, and is delimited
by Jamaica Bay to the north, the Nassau County line to the east and the Atlantic
Ocean to the south. Note that as Staten Island does not have ASP, that borough
is not affected by the reinstatement of regulations in the remainder of the
city.
    Brooklyn Community Board 13: Coney Island, Brighton Beach, Gravesend and Sea
Gate, and is delimited by Gravesend Bay on the west, 26th Avenue, 86th Street
and Avenue Y on the north, Coney Island Avenue and Corbin Place on the east, and
Lower New York Bay on the south (indicating that the west side of Corbin Place
will be exempt from ASP regulations, while the east side will not, for example).

    Brooklyn Community Board 15: Sheepshead Bay, Manhattan Beach, Kings Bay,
Gerritsen Beach, Kings Highway, East Gravesend, Madison, Homecrest and Plum
Beach, and is delimited by Corbin Place, Coney Island Avenue, Avenue Y, 86th
street, Avenue U and MacDonald Avenue, Avenue P and Kings Highway on the north,
Nostrand Avenue and Marine Park on the east, as well as by the Atlantic Ocean on
the south.
    Brooklyn Community Board 18: Canarsie, Bergen Beach, Mill Basin, Flatlands,
Marine Park, Georgetown and Mill Island and is delimited by Nostrand Avenue on
the west, the Long Island Rail Road viaduct on the north, Van Sinderen Avenue
and Louisiana Avenue on the east and Short Parkways on the south.

Odd-Even Gasoline Purchasing System Ends

Mayor Bloomberg lifted the emergency order establishing an odd-even license
plate system for gasoline purchases. It expired on Saturday, November 24, at
6:00 AM.

Mayor Bloomberg established the odd-even license plate system on Friday,
November 9.
    The odd-even system was extended to keep gas lines manageable during some of
the heaviest travel days of the year.
    More than 85 percent of gas stations in the city are now operational and the
available supply of gasoline and diesel fuel is only expected to continue to
increase.

Staten Island Ferry Service Begins

Mayor Bloomberg and New York City Department of Transportation Commissioner
Sadik-Khan announced that New York Water Taxi was selected to run a new,
temporary service from Staten Island to Manhattan.

The service began today and will run for eight weeks as storm recovery work
continues.
    Ferries will depart the newly-constructed landing at Great Kills each half
hour from 6:30 to 9:00 AM for Pier 11 at Wall Street, and continue to 35th
Street.
    Ferries will return to Staten Island and arrive in Great Kills every half
hour between 5:40 and 8:10 PM.
    One-way fare will be $2.00

Expanded Staten Island Bus Service

The City has expanded bus service for the X23 and X24 lines in Staten Island to
meet rising demands as a result of the storm.

Atlantic Express will operate one additional bus on the X23 route and one
additional bus on the X24 route.
    Each additional bus will make four trips, for a total of eight additional
trips per day.

The Economic Development Corporation worked with Atlantic Express Bus to begin
operating temporary additional express bus service.

Rockaway Ferry Service

Seastreak ferry service is now running between the Rockaways and Manhattan.
Ferries depart from Beach 108th Street and Beach Channel Drive and stop at Pier
11 in Lower Manhattan. There are free transfer between Pier 11 and East 34th
Street in Midtown. One-way fares will cost $2.00.

The Economic Development Corporation installed a temporary landing in the
Rockaways to accommodate the temporary ferry service.

Free Parking for Rockaway Ferry Service

Free parking is available for those in the Rockaways taking the new ferry
service to Manhattan. The parking lot, which was secured thanks to the
assistance of National Grid, is across Beach Channel Drive from the new Rockaway
ferry landing.

Support to Businesses

The City's Department of Small Business Services and Economic Development
Corporation have put together a package of support for NYC businesses impacted
by the storm:

Emergency low-interest loans of up to $25,000 for businesses that have been
interrupted and suffered damage as a result of the storm. Applications are
available at any of the City's NYC Business Solutions Centers, by calling 311
and asking for "NYC Business Emergency Loan," or by visiting
on.nyc.gov/contactnycbiz.
    For businesses facing significant rebuilding costs, the City will provide
sales tax exemptions of up to $100,000 on purchases of materials, equipment and
related services needed to rebuild. Learn more here: nycedc.com/backtobusiness
    For displaced businesses, the City has identified more than 170,000 square
feet that will be made available free of charge, including 40,000 square feet of
City space at the Brooklyn Army Terminal, and more than 125,000 square feet of
space that private landlords have made available, across the five boroughs. A
full listing of commercial spaces and other resources is available at
nycedc.com/donations.
    Information on disaster loans from the U.S. Small Business Administration is
available at any of the City's NYC Business Solutions Centers, by calling
800-659-2955, or by visiting sba.gov/disaster.
    Alliance for Coney Island--a nonprofit organization formed, with the help of
the City, to continue the transformation of Coney Island into a year-round,
world-class recreational oceanfront destination--launched ConeyRecovers.org, a
multipronged relief and recovery effort to help Coney Island residents and
businesses dealing with the devastating aftermath of Hurricane Sandy. The
Alliance is comprised of all major Coney businesses, and the City has provided
them with $630,000 in funding originally allocated to the Coney Island
Development Corporation which will wind down operations.

Shelter for Those without Heat

Those in need of shelter should call 311, visit nyc.gov or a Restoration Center.

    The City also has opened daytime-only warming centers at senior centers in
every borough: http://www.nyc.gov/html/misc/html/2012/warming_ctr.html.
    Those who are using generators in their homes to run their heat should be
very careful to avoid carbon monoxide poisoning by never using portable
generators indoors, in garages or near open windows.
    Early signs of hypothermia include uncontrollable shivering, confusion or
sleepiness, slowed or slurred speech, stiffness in arms and legs, poor control
over body movements and slow reaction.

Community Recovery Directors Assist with Immediate Needs in Impacted Areas

Mayor Bloomberg appointed senior level New York City managers this week to
identify urgent needs, stay in close contact with the community leader and
deploy resources to meet needs. The City's Community Recover Directors are:

Haeda Mihaltses, Staten Island
    Matt Mahoney, Manhattan and the Bronx
    Nazli Parvizi, Brooklyn
    Diahann Billings-Burford, Queens

Brad Gair Appointed Director of Housing Recovery Operations

The Mayor appointed Brad Gair, one of the nation's top emergency management
professionals, to lead the effort to address challenge of providing longer-term
housing for New Yorkers displaced from their homes by Hurricane Sandy. Many
buildings that were flooded are going to be out of commission for a long time
because of damage to boilers and electrical systems. This includes public
housing, as well as private apartments and houses.

Air BNB Temporary Housing

Air BNB, an on-line service that connects people seeking temporary housing with
those who have unused space, has launched a new platform to link New Yorkers
displaced by Hurricane Sandy to New Yorkers who want to offer free places to
stay. Air BNB is providing with service at no fee, and information is available
at airbnb.com/sandy.

Hurricane Sandy Relief Fund

To date, more than 14,900 donors from around the country have contributed more
than $41 million to the Mayor's Fund to Advance New York City in support of
Hurricane Sandy relief.
    Cash donations to support these and other efforts can be made through the
Mayor's Fund to Advance New York City. Learn more here: nyc.gov/fund
    Cash donations are preferable to in-kind donations because the logistics of
collecting and distributing those supplies are complex.
    Anyone wishing to make cash contributions can go to nyc.gov or call 311 for
details.

For further information please visit: http://www.nyc.gov/

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2012 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             228 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           September 27, 1999, Monday

CITY GETS ITS HOUSE IN ORDER  NEW LANDLORDS TAKE OVER FIXUP OF FORECLOSED APTS.

BYLINE: By PETER GRANT

SECTION: Business; Pg.  29

LENGTH: 838 words


New York City has resumed seizing low-income apartment buildings from tax
deadbeats for the first time in five years as a way of turning them over to
better owners.

Officials promise they've learned from past housing mistakes, which turned the
city into New York's largest low-income landlord in the 1970s and '80s.

Rather than take on the expensive headache of owning the apartments itself, the
city has figured out a way to transfer them directly to the private sector.

A few weeks ago, the Housing Preservation and Development Department completed
the first round of these transfers by directly turning over 46 foreclosed
apartment buildings with 317 units in Morrisania, the Bronx, to private
landlords and nonprofit housing groups.

Housing officials are gearing up to find new owners for 500 other buildings in
the Bronx, central Brooklyn and northern Manhattan in the next year.

"We're finding responsible ownership for these buildings," said Housing
Commissioner Richard Roberts.

The program is providing yet another opportunity for small businessmen and
entrepreneurs to take over struggling and empty buildings that have pockmarked
many parts of the city for years.

"We're kind of like frontiersmen right now," said Hale Rickman, the head of
Bronx-based Jerome Associates, which owns dozens of New York apartment buildings
and got five buildings in the tax foreclosure program.

The city requires the new owners to repair the buildings, which mostly are in
terrible condition. A wide range of city and bank programs are available to help
finance the fixups, which can cost as much as $ 50,000 a unit.

For Ethel Moses, 86, who has lived at 1203 Fulton Ave. for more than 20 years,
it has meant an apartment with a working lock, fresh paint, windows that open
and a ceiling that doesn't leak. And her rent is still only $ 186.74 a month.

"I feel much more comfortable now," she said.

But many of the residents of these buildings are wary of the new owners, who
usually have to raise rents and shuffle tenants between apartments to make ends
meet.

In properties that were abandoned by their former owners, many of the residents
have not paid rent at all for months. Not surprisingly, the new owners have
ended the free rides.

Mary McFadden, the superintendent of 1203 Fulton, said given all they've been
through, some residents are wary of any change.

McFadden recalled they were without heat or hot water for six months in 1996
after the old owner abandoned the property. Only after the media publicized the
building's plight did the city step in and provide emergency assistance, she
said.

"You'd be a little skeptical, too, if you had been living there then," she said.

The tax foreclosure program is part of a massive effort by the city to get out
of the low-income housing business.

At its height, in 1987, the city spent more than $ 300 million to own and
operate more than 87,000 apartments. Despite the huge cash commitment, many of
those units were virtually uninhabitable and remained a blight on their
communities and on New York's image.

The city has gradually reduced its housing inventory to about 22,000 units by
selling them to businesses, entrepreneurs and nonprofit groups.

The other element of the new strategy is cutting the flow of new buildings into
city hands. The city did this five years ago by imposing a moratorium on new tax
foreclosures of low-income apartments.

But what to do about tax cheats?

In 1996, instead of foreclosing, the city began selling its tax claims at a
discount to bill collectors. The program resulted in scofflaws paying off $ 1.5
billion in owed taxes.

But the city also wanted a way to transfer properties from owners who neglected
them to owners who would fix them up.

"All these abandoned and neglected buildings were taking a terrible toll on the
neighborhoods," said Harold DeRienzo, the head of the Community Assisted Tenant
Controlled Housing, one of the nonprofit groups participating in the foreclosure
program.

Because the housing market has greatly improved throughout the city, the new
owners are able to rent out the renovated apartments at market rents, which in
Morrisania means about $ 700 for a two-bedroom apartment.

At those prices, some new owners can afford to maintain the rents in the
occupied units at what they were before they took over.

"I don't look at this as a get-rich scheme," Rickman said. "We have to be in it
for the long haul."

HPD OFFERS FREE CLASSES

Only businesses and individuals with expertise in real estate qualify as
candidates to take over dilapidated apartment buildings through city programs.

But the city Housing Preservation and Development Department offers free classes
on how those without professoinal experience can own and operate a buliding.
For information and schedules, call (212) 863-8830.

GRAPHIC: Apartments under city control

SOURCE: NYC Department of Housing Preservation and Development

Notes: Graphic not available electronically


LOAD-DATE: September 27, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MICHAEL SCHWARTZ A BIG FIX Ethel Moses, 86, finally sees repairs
completed in the apartment she has been living in more than 20 years.  She now
has a working lock, fresh paint and windows that open.

                        Copyright 1999 Daily News, L.P.


                             229 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 30, 1982, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

QUESTIONS RAISED ON APARTMENT SALE

BYLINE: By ROBERT E. TOMASSON

SECTION: Section 11; Connecticut; Page 1, Column 1; Connecticut Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 1040 words


BRIDGEPORT FOR 285 families in two housing developments in this city, the
Federal bureaucracy in Washington and multimillion-dollar private investments
may have seemed to be worlds away. But earlier this month, those powerful forces
converged on Park Towers and the Evergreen Apartments.

But the outside forces do not seem to be welcome as the tenants, both poor and
middle class, seek to understand how their lives might be changed in the near
future.

Their uncertainty arose when it was disclosed that the Federal Government was
planning to sell the projects to private investors.  The Government had
reluctantly acquired the properties in 1980 when the owners defaulted on
Government-backed mortgages.

''There's a feeling of uncertainty, a lot of static around,'' said James Lloyd,
resident manager of Park Towers. ''The tenants are afraid rents might go up or
they might change it to condominiums and they can't afford to move.''

Last week, Senator Christopher J. Dodd, Democrat of Norwich, asked the Federal
Government's General Accounting Office to look into the planned sale of the two
Bridgeport properties and five others in New York and New Jersey to the First
American Housing Preservation Corporation. The sale of the seven properties was
being negotiated without competitive bidding to the private company, whose
officers include a former associate of President Reagan.

''We are particularly concerned that without a competitive bidding process, this
sale at unusually favorable terms to close political associates of the
Administration may give the appearance of favoritism contrary to the public
interest,'' the Senator wrote in a letter to the G.A.O. that was also signed by
Senator Donald W. Riegle Jr., Democrat of Michigan.

The purchase proposal by the corporation, which grouped the seven properties in
one $10.9 million purchase, was made before any bids had been requested by the
Government on the individual developments.  The offer has been initially
accepted by the Federal Department of Housing and Urban Development as an
innovative way to dispose of the properties, including some that the department
maintained it could not sell separately because they were in poor condition.

Investors in the First American Housing Preservation Corporation include Edward
L. Weidenfeld, a Washington lawyer who was counsel for President Reagan's 1980
campaign committee, and his wife, Sheila Rabb Weidenfeld, who was press
secretary to Betty Ford.

The Connecticut apartments would be sold with others in New York City, Spring
Valley, N.Y., Newark, Jersey City and New Brunswick, N.J. In all, 1,146
apartments are involved.

The Government had guaranteed the mortgages on Park Towers and the Evergreen
Apartments as a means of stimulating private investment in low- and
moderate-income housing, for which banks might be reluctant to grant
conventional mortgages.

The default process whereby H.U.D. acquires ownership after private investors,
or the tenants themselves, have failed to keep up payments is not unusual. As of
last December, there were 11 projects in default proceedings in Connecticut,
according to Mary Lou Crane, the assistant to to the area director of H.U.D. in
Hartford.

The Federal Government can serve as landlord of a private housing development
only temporarily, and must try to sell the properties it acquires through
defaults.

''I don't think we could sell some of these properties on the open market,''
said a H.U.D. spokesman, Leonard Burchman. ''Some of them are in such bad
condition that they require millions of dollars' worth of rehabilitation.''

Park Towers, the 10-story, 109-unit, fully rented project on Huntington
Turnpike, was built in 1973 and is one of the properties that most likely could
be sold by itself to private investors. The 176-unit Evergreen Apartments on
Albion Street, which were rehabilitated in 1975 and now have a vacancy rate of
about 5 percent, probably would not be bought privately because of the need for
repairs.

''We are very proud of Park Towers and the way it is maintained and the cross
section of people who live here,'' said James J. Benjamin, an engineer who has
lived in the development for four years. About 20 percent of the tenants are
retired, Mr. Benjamin said, while some others are blue-collar workers and
doctors. Also, he said, there is a ''good mix'' of races and of ages among
tenants. Rent is not subsidized by the Government at Park Towers, but is at the
Evergreen Apartments.

As Park Towers moved through the foreclosure procedure H.U.D.  notified the
tenants, who began to explore ways to buy the rental units themselves through
either a cooperative or condominium plan.  After initially indicating
encouragement, H.U.D. officials in Washington subsequently vetoed both
proposals.

''They said we could form our own corperation to bid on the property like anyone
else, but then the next thing we knew there was this package of seven
properties,'' said Mr. Benjamin.

The Evergreen Apartments did become a cooperative, but then defaulted on its
Government-guaranteed mortgage.  H.U.D.'s experience in Connecticut has not been
good on low-income family cooperatives, said Miss Crane of the area H.U.D.
office.  Poorer familes on limited and often fixed incomes tend to be reluctant,
she said, to agree on increases in maintenance charges.  H.U.D. estimated that
if all seven properties were not now sold, some $4.35 million of Government
funds would have to be spent on repairs.

The terms of the sale call for a cash down payment of $4.1 million, with the
Government giving the buyers a first mortgage of $6.8 million at an interest
rate of 11 1/2 percent over 40 years. The Government would retain the option to
demand full payment after 15 years.

The Government would also lend the buyers $3.55 million as a second mortgage at
2 1/2 percent to finance repairs.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photo of Evergreen Apartments p.11

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             230 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                January 16, 1995

Group Receives 5000 Applications for Rehabilitated Houses

BYLINE: By WENDY PELLE

SECTION: AFFORDABLE HOUSING; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 383 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Demand for affordable housing in New York continues strong as evidenced by the
5,000 applications to purchase 54 houses owned and rehabilitated by Neighborhood
Housing Services of New York City Inc.

The 54 houses were purchased by NHS for $ 1 each from the City and rehabilitated
with a $ 2 million HOPE Three grant from the Department of Housing and Urban
Development.

The 54 properties were formerly vacant, single-family houses scattered
throughout the NHS targeted area in the city.  Twenty-four houses are in Bedford
Stuyvesant, Brooklyn; seven are on the north shore of Staten Island; seven are
in Jamaica, Queens, and five are in an area of north/central Queens which is
slated to become NHS' newest neighborhood target area.

NHS also received money in the form of grants from the National Westminster Home
Mortgage, Independence Savings Bank and the New York Department of Housing
Preservation & Development to do more flexible mortgages for the individuals
selected to purchase and rehab the house.

NatWest contributed $ 4.1 million for construction financing.  HPD, in addition
to the HOPE Three $ 2 million, contributed $ 2 million to the project for a
total development budget of $ 8.1 million.

The homes will be sold for approximately $ 75,000 each.  Each buyer will be
required to take out a soft second mortgage to prevent any windfull profits
accruing to the purchaser in the event of the resale.  According to John
McCaffrey, assistant director of development at NHS, the value of the
rehabilitated house is approximately $ 225,000.

The NHS also received funding from Independence Bank which received a $ 275,000
grant under the Affordable Housing Program from the Federal Home Loan Bank of
New York.  This money will be used to assist purchasers with closing costs and
down payments up to $ 5,000.

Mr. McCaffrey said that some applicants have about $ 2,000 to $ 3,000 in savings
but not the $ 7,000 or $ 8,000 needed to purchase a home.

Of the 5,000 applications filed, 500 applicants were selected via a lottery
process by HPD, NHS then selected the 54 from this pool.  Mr. McCaffrey said
persons from public housing were given some preference in order to free up
public housing for other families.

Families all receive counseling on the homeownership process.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             231 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 13, 1983, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

PUTTING A HAPPY FACE ON THE BRONX

SECTION: Section 4; Page 6, Column 6; Week in Review Desk

LENGTH: 323 words


New York City officials are hoping that life imitates art in the South Bronx. In
the coming months, the city Housing Commissioner said last week, many abandoned
apartment buildings in that beleaguered community will be spruced up with
colorful vinyl sheets - depicting curtains, venetian blinds, shutters,
flowerpots and other signs of life - placed over boarded-up windows. The
approach is cosmetic, officials admitted, and won't ameliorate the
neighborhood's grim realities; but it might boost residents' spirits and it
might improve the South Bronx's image.

''Perception is reality,'' said Anthony B. Gliedman, the Commissioner of Housing
Preservation and Development. Mr. Gliedman said ambitious attempts to rebuild
the neighborhood would take years and would require hundreds of millions of
dollars, few of which are now available. ''And while we're waiting, we want
people to know that we still care,'' he said. Funded from a $300,000 Federal
grant, the program is an extension of an effort in Brooklyn, Queens, Manhattan
and several Bronx neighborhoods. In all, more than 300 vacant buildings now
sport the vinyl decals; housing and planning officials said they have improved
morale and cut down on vandalism.''It's been very successful, for limited
purposes, to prevent that yawning, vacant look,'' said Martin Gallent, vice
chairman of the City Planning Commission.

Some residents dismissed the program as an indication that government officials
had given up serious efforts to counteract the neighborhood's decline. ''It
certainly looks a lot more attractive,'' said one South Bronx resident, ''but I
wish they'd renovate the buildings and have people living in there.'' Most of
the decals will be placed on burned-out buildings near the Cross Bronx
Expressway, from which most outsiders form their impressions of the South Bronx
- and on which, officials desperately hope, potential private investors may be
found.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of an abandoned building

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             232 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Cumberland Times-News (Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 7, 2010 Thursday

In Brief - October 7, 2010

BYLINE: Cumberland Times-News, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 416 words


Oct. 07--PARADE APPLICATION DEADLINE NEARS

CUMBERLAND -- The 61st annual Halloween Parade sponsored by the South Cumberland
Business and Civic Association, Inc. is scheduled for Oct. 27. The parade will
begin at 7 p.m. and follow the same route as in past years.

Costumed mummers, up to the age of 18 years, will be judged at 5:30 p.m. in
Smith Park, located between Race and Seymour streets, and will lead the parade
through the parade route. All participants and their parents are urged to walk
the parade route to show their costumes. There is no registration or fee for
participating in the judging and participants do not have to be a resident of
Cumberland.

Trailers longer than 35 feet will not be allowed in the parade due to the safety
issues involved. The association strongly urges businesses, individuals,
organizations, churches, etc. to decorate and enter a float in the parade. Any
float/trailer used must have proper lighting for transporting the vehicle to and
from the parade.

Anyone wishing to participate in the parade this year may contact Marsha Thomas,
parade coordinator, at 301-722-6070. The deadline for parade applications is
Oct. 17.

Garrett to see home repair funds

WASHINGTON -- Garrett Community Action Committee Inc. has been awarded a $40,189
U.S. Department of Agriculture Rural Development grant to assist very low and
low income homeowners repair their homes and remove substandard conditions.

The Housing Preservation Grant Program provides grants for repair or
rehabilitation of low and very low income housing. Very low income is defined as
below 50 percent of area median income and low income is defined as between 50
and 80 percent of median income. The Garrett County Community Action Committee
assists the residents of Garrett County in establishing and/or maintaining a
safe, healthy and affordable home. In 2009 and 2008, GCCAC received USDA Rural
Development grants of $37,000 to assist with housing improvements.

The most recent grant was announced by U.S. Sens. Benjamin L. Cardin and Barbara
A. Mikulski.

To see more of the Cumberland Times News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.times-news.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Cumberland Times-News, Md.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101007-UM-In-Brief-October-7-2010-1007-20101007

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UM


                      Copyright 2010 Cumberland Times-News


                             233 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 14, 2016 Thursday

Texas: Home and Hearth

LENGTH: 139  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Carrollton: City of Carrollton, The State of Texas has issued the following
news release:



   Home and Hearth

 Property Preservation in the City of carrollton

 Date: 4/19/2016 6:30 PM - 8:30 AM

 Cost: FREE

 Location: Josey Library

 4220 N. Josey Lane

 Carrollton, Texas 75010

 Add to my Calendar

 Find out how to stay in compliance with Carrollton City housing codes and
regulations. Enforcement of City codes and housing ordinances are meant to
provide for the health and safety of residents and the community. Carrollton
places a high priority on housing preservation, and in order to do so, also
provide a variety of grants for qualifying homeowners. Come and find out about
housing rehabilitation grants available in the City.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             234 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                          November 6, 2002, Wednesday

HUD BREWS BIG BUCKS FOR HOUSING

BYLINE: By JOYCE SHELBY DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SUBURBAN; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 392 words


The federal government has guaranteed loans of nearly $3.3 million and a grant
of $665,000 toward the development of Bushwick Gardens, to be built where the
Rheingold brewery once stood.

The Bushwick Ave. site has been abandoned for decades and qualified for funds
from the Brownfields Economic Development Initiative, a project of the federal
Housing and Urban Development Department.

"HUD's experience is that with some environmental cleanup, abandoned factories
or other industrial sites can be converted into new centers of community
renewal," said Mel Martinez, secretary of housing and urban development.

"These grants and loan guarantees will help change the economic landscape,
restoring hope to once-thriving communities," he said.

Nationwide, the agency is guaranteeing nearly $99 million to communities to help
restore underutilized or abandoned commercial areas.

The sites, called brownfields, are generally considered unproductive eyesores in
their communities, as well as obstacles to development of surrounding areas.

Low-income housing

In Bushwick, the federal money will be used to create one of the community's
biggest redevelopment zones. HUD will build 40 units of housing for sale to
low-income families. The federal money also will cover construction of 18,000
square feet of commercial and retail space, agency spokesman Adam Glantz said.

New York City expects the Bushwick Gardens project to generate an additional
$2.1 million in public funds from other sources.

Rheingold, established in 1854, operated in Brooklyn until 1976. It was the
longest-running Brooklyn beer plant.

Plans to develop the abandoned, 6.7-acre site date back several years. Most
recently, the city Housing Preservation and Development Department sponsored a
three-day conference of city planners, international urbanists and community
representatives in October 2000.

They drew up the plan for the site, based on community needs. The overall plan
calls for more than 300 units of housing, which would be a combination of rental
apartments and privately owned homes, designed for a variety of income levels.

The plan also includes parks and green areas, a community center and a day care
center. Across the street, where Garden St. and Bushwick Ave. come together,
planners said they want to bring in a supermarket.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2002 Daily News, L.P.


                             235 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 5, 2006 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

It's Man vs. Pest at the Academy, and the Winner Is

BYLINE: By SEWELL CHAN

SECTION: Section B; Column 2; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 529 words


Robert M. Corrigan is one of the nation's foremost experts in rodent control,
but it is a different species that riles him up the most.

''Are we very smart?'' he asked his students last month, suggesting that a
creature known as Homo sapiens, roughly translated to ''wise man,'' should know
better. ''We want the rats to go away, but we keep trash under our desks. We
want the city to kill the rats, but we throw McDonald's bags out the car
window.''

The students are 70 city and state officials from a broad array of agencies:
Sanitation, Parks and Recreation, Housing, Preservation and Development and the
Metropolitan Transportation Authority. They are taking part in a three-day
Rodent Control Academy, which Dr. Corrigan has taught periodically for the last
year.

The classes, financed by a federal grant, are perhaps the most visible sign that
the city is rethinking its strategy on controlling rats and mice. Dr. Corrigan
is a leading proponent of the shift away from extermination and poisons to a new
preventative approach called integrated pest management.

A balding, energetic man of 56 whose accent reflects his childhood in East
Flatbush, Brooklyn, he said he had a lifelong curiosity about creatures that
generally repel. ''I always was interested in insects, rodents, creepy-crawlies
that most people find disgusting,'' he said.

For several years in the 1970s, he worked for an extermination company in
Manhattan, inspecting restaurants for the city and killing mice and rats for
scores of private customers. His love of science led him to Purdue University,
where he earned three degrees, including a doctorate in vertebrate pest
management. Now he runs a consulting company in Richmond, Ind.

The academy covers everything from the role of rodents in exacerbating
allergenic diseases to the proper ways to bait a rat burrow. The lessons are
bolstered by dozens of handouts, a field trip and a final exam.

Rats love rotting trash, but they also feed on other creatures -- insects, fish,
pigeons and even other rats -- as well as cat food and undigested matter in dog
feces. A rat can crawl through a hole as small as half an inch, the diameter of
its skull. Rats thrive in burrows, holes in walls, subway tunnels, sewers, empty
lots and alleys.

Controlling them requires everything from proper use of garbage bins by
restaurants to the right choice of landscaping by managers of apartment
buildings. (Dr. Corrigan recommends vase-shaped shrubs rather than dense
evergreens, like yew bushes, which cover hiding places on the ground.)

Dr. Corrigan loves dispelling myths like these: there is one rat per person (the
number is impossible to estimate); rats grow to the size of adult cats (rats can
be up to 18 inches long, from nose to tail); rats live long lives (typical
lifespan: five to nine months); and poison is a panacea.

On the last point, Dr. Corrigan returns to his core message again, that humans
create the habitats that allow rats to flourish. Poison alone will not work. It
takes methodical, coordinated and sustained efforts to control rats.

''This is a big, long, complex problem for which there is no easy, quick
solution,'' he said.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Robert M. Corrigan leads the Rodent Control Academy, where state
and city officials are given a three-day course in pest management. (Photo by
Librado Romero/The New York Times)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                             236 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 31, 1995, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

New York Outlines a New Policy On Seizure of Buildings for Taxes

BYLINE: By SHAWN G. KENNEDY

SECTION: Section A;   Page 1;   Column 1;   Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1054 words


In the first major revision of New York City's housing policy in almost two
decades, the Giuliani administration announced yesterday that it was ending the
city's role as the landlord of last resort.

Under the change, which makes official a practice that has been in effect
informally for two years, the city will no longer take over ownership and
management of all buildings whose owners fall far behind on property taxes.
Instead, it will give the existing owners advice and even direct financial help
in paying their tax debt.

If that does not work, new owners, possibly including nonprofit organizations,
will be found for the properties.

In addition, the city will eventually turn over to new owners the nearly 5,000
homes and apartment buildings it already owns and manages.

City officials described the new policy in interviews yesterday, and Mayor
Rudolph W. Giuliani plans to discuss it in a news conference today.

New York City now pays $220 million a year to manage and maintain residential
properties it owns. While the new policy will have its own costs, city officials
expect them to be much lower, through savings on property-management expenses
and liability claims for problems like personal injuries and lead-paint
contamination.

One reason the city feels pressed to reduce its housing management burden is
that much of the cost is paid by the Federal Government through community
development block grants -- a source of money that may soon dry up.

"The money we use is in serious jeopardy," John S. Dyson, Deputy Mayor for
Finance and Economic Development, said, referring the budget-cutting mood in
Washington. "And with the city's finances being what they are, there is little
chance that we could make up the difference even if we wanted to."

The city imposed an informal moratorium on the seizing of buildings two years
ago. The Giuliani administration also said it would work to dispose of the
several thousand buildings it already owns.

"We are changing our role," Deborah Wright, commissioner of the Department of
Housing Preservation and Development, said in an interview. Her office serves as
the city's housing manager.

"We are putting in money early in the process," she said, "when the money can do
the most good, rather than putting money in the back end, when buildings are in
a state of crisis and are close to being unsalvageable."

The new strategy follows other Giuliani administration proposals that look for
private-sector solutions to government problems. As an example, the
administration is trying to sell or lease several of the city's hospitals to
private companies.

"We have spent the better part of 18 months looking at the current policies,"
Ms. Wright said. "We now have a system that is not working for tenants,
neighborhoods, taxpayers or landlords."

The city first became the landlord for thousands of New Yorkers during the
administration of Mayor Edward I. Koch. Before then, properties with delinquent
tax bills were sold at public auction. But many of those new owners were no more
able to pay taxes than the original owners, and so the buildings were auctioned
again and again -- until finally many were abandoned.

Mayor Koch changed the policy and began taking over ownership and management of
these properties, and eventually City Hall became the largest landlord in all
five boroughs. But soon the city government was overwhelmed.

The city took over fewer buildings during the real-estate boom of the 1980's.
But in recent years, as the city's real-estate market has slumped, more owners
have been found in default, and the city's inventory has grown.

As of July, the Department of Housing Preservation and Development, the agency
responsible for these buildings, owned and managed 47,025 apartments in 4,406
buildings across the city. The city has always intended to sell properties it
acquires, and has been more or less successful in doing so, depending on the
prevailing economic circumstances.

In the last year, the Giuliani administration has been able to sell off about 19
percent of its properties. Still, an independent consultant, Arthur Andersen
Consulting, working for city without charge, estimated last summer that with no
change in the current policy, the cost of owning and managing just the
properties the city already owns would be $10.6 billion over the next two
decades.

Under the new policy, the city will offer several kinds of help to building
owners, including low-interest loans and management assistance.

If the owners still cannot pay the taxes, the city will deed the properties
directly to private owners without passing them through the city's hands.

The new policy requires the approval of the City Council. Yesterday, one council
member whose district would be significantly affected said she would support any
change that would improve conditions for tenants.

"I have not seen the new policy proposal," said C. Virginia Fields, whose
district include most of Harlem, where the city owns a large number of
buildings. "I am delighted to see the city at least move forward on this issue.
As long as the new program sees to it that buildings get necessary assistance, I
think that we are talking about an improvement over the status quo."

Frank P. Braconi, executive director of the Citizens Housing and Planning
Council, a housing-advocacy organization that has long criticized the city's
existing policy, also expressed tentative support for the changes. But he also
said he would reserve judgment until the city revealed more details about the
program.

"From our point of view this is a step in the right direction," he said. "But
what is missing are the details of how much they are willing to spend on the
assistance, and whether the program will recognize the fact that many low-income
buildings have been excessively taxed."

Under the current system, the city begins a foreclosure when owners fall behind
in taxes for more than one year. At this point, owners are offered the
opportunity to pay off their debt in installments. If taxes remain unpaid into
the second year, the city seizes the property.

Under the new plan, the city would take over buildings only when all other
measures fail. And in those instances management would be by outside
contractors, not a city agency.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                             237 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    November 13, 1983, Sunday, Final Edition

Plastic Urban Renewal

BYLINE: By JACK EISEN

SECTION: Metro; Metro Scene; B2

LENGTH: 218 words


Up in New York, according to a report published a few days ago, they're planning
to spend a $300,000 federal grant to buy vinyl decals to spruce up the gutted
and crumbling tenement buildings that rim the Cross Bronx Expressway.

The decals will show curtains, shades, shutters and flowerpots where none exist.

Anthony B. Gliedman, the city's commissioner of housing preservation and
development, acknowledged that the program would be superficial, but, after all,
image is important. It could lift the morale of residents, discourage vandals
and perhaps attract investors.

Just think what such a program could do in Washington! We could renovate our
remaining 1968 riot corridors. We could create an instant "Metro Center." We
could . . . well, why not let our minds wander? Many of us have decried the
losses of old landmarks to boxy new buildings. Why not full-size decals of the
old buildings to paste on the new ones?

My own first choice would be to restore the great Romanesque Revival tower and
stone facade of the Presbyterian Church of the Covenant at Connecticut Avenue
and N Street, destroyed in 1966 to make way for an undistinguished office
building.

What's your nomination for creating a new or recreating an old vinyl Washington?
Who knows, maybe we, too, can get a federal grant.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1983 The Washington Post


                             238 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            October 20, 2002 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Violations By Buildings May Delay Tenant Grants

BYLINE:  By EDWARD WYATT

SECTION: Section 1; Column 6; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 40

LENGTH: 452 words


Residents of nearly 200 apartment buildings in Lower Manhattan could find their
applications for Sept. 11-related housing grants denied or delayed because of
outstanding violations of building or fire codes, according to officials of the
Lower Manhattan Development Corporation.

Officials of the corporation, the agency overseeing a $281 million federal grant
program intended to encourage people to remain or move downtown, said on Friday
that nearly 10 percent of the roughly 2,000 apartment buildings south of Canal
Street or, on the East Side, Delancey Street, that are eligible for the program
have violations that could affect residents' applications for aid.

"We want to make sure we are not encouraging people to remain or move into
buildings that are unsafe," said Amy Peterson, the program director for the
development corporation's residential grant program. "The intention is not to
punish the tenants," she said, adding that building owners should have plenty of
time to correct the violations before the deadline for grant applications, May
31.

Residents could be unaware of the violations if their landlords have not
informed them of a building's status.

Therefore, Ms. Peterson said, the development corporation has set up a hot line
-- (866) RenewNYC (866) 736-3969 -- which applicants can call between 9 a.m. and
5 p.m., Monday through Friday.

The grant program offers payments of up to $14,500 over two years to residents
of three zones in Lower Manhattan. Since the development corporation began
accepting applications in August, about 20,000 residents have applied, and more
than 1,000 grants have been approved, Ms. Peterson said.

Beginning in August, the development corporation sent letters to the owners of
buildings in the areas covered by the grants that had outstanding violations
according to the Fire Department, the Department of Buildings or the Department
of Housing Preservation and Development.

Corporation officials said that as of last week, 46 buildings had Level 1
citations, meaning that no residents of the building will receive grants until
the building owner provides proof that a violation has been corrected. Level 1
violations of Fire Department codes include hazardous conditions like furniture
in hallways, inadequate rubbish storage and locked exits. Emergency declarations
by the Buildings Department usually precede orders to vacate.

Since the development corporation began to notify building owners of the grant
regulations, 18 buildings that would have been ineligible have cleared their
records, officials said.

One hundred and forty-one buildings have Level 2 violations, which include
hazardous conditions that result in Environmental Control Board citations.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                             239 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 10, 2016 Saturday

Governor Cuomo Hosts Regional Sustainable Development & Collaborative Governance
Conference in Schenectady

LENGTH: 1348  words

DATELINE: New York



 Albany: New York State Department of Public Service has issued the following
document (news):



  Governor Andrew M. Cuomo today announced the success of the state's eighth
regional sustainability conference, which brought together United States
Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Julián Castro, community development
experts, local elected officials and business leaders to share successful
economic growth strategies in the Capital Region. The conference is part of a
statewide effort to boost awareness of resources available to local governments
and nonprofit organizations to help create sustainable communities across New
York. During the conference, Governor Cuomo highlighted a new handbook that
serves as a one-stop-shop resource for State grants - providing context and web
links to the complete list of more than 100 innovative funding programs.





 "From innovative investments to drive smart growth, to the bottom-up approach
of the Regional Economic Development Councils, we are leveraging our assets to
build a sustainable economy in the Capital Region and beyond," Governor Cuomo
said. "This conference brought together experts and community leaders to build
on our successes, share challenges and strengths, and establish partnerships to
create new opportunities and help ensure a brighter future for the entire
region."

 SHARE



 Audio Photos



 United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Julián Castro said,
"New York has all the ingredients for success: a productive workforce, strong
state and local leadership, and a public ready to face new challenges. Today's
sustainability conference is a new step toward building neighborhoods of
opportunity that promote prosperity for all in the region."



 The Sustainable Development & Collaborative Governance Conference draws on
then-Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Andrew Cuomo's 1999 conference,
"Bridging the Divide: Making Regions Work for Everyone: Shaping the Federal
Agenda," which invited experts and academics in regionalism, smart growth and
urban revitalization to present their ideas, followed by panel discussions among
a diverse group of stakeholders.



 Under the leadership of Governor Cuomo, New York State is prioritizing
cross-collaboration between state agencies, local governments and community
partners to maximize the collective impact of their efforts. The Finger Lakes
region is a prime example of this bottom-up approach that has shown its success
through the Regional Economic Development Councils.



 To date, New York State has invested more than $3.7 billion in the Capital
Region helping to advance the region's goals. Since October 2010, the region has
added 31,000 private sector jobs - an increase of 7.8 percent, bringing the
total number of private sector jobs to 434,500, as of October 2016. Today, the
region's unemployment rate has dropped significantly - from 7.0 percent in
October 2010 to 4.0 percent during the same month this year.



 Lieutenant Governor Kathy Hochul said, "Governor Cuomo has proven how critical
sustainable principles and strategic investments are to the growth of a region,
and this is exemplified everywhere you look in the Capital Region. Thanks to the
Governor's leadership and vision, we continue to invest in creating and
protecting jobs, jumpstarting new industries and strengthening both urban and
rural communities all across New York State. The progress is undeniable and
these conferences are key in building off those successes."



 At the collaborative governance conference, speakers and panel discussions
examined case studies, shared best practices and discussed examples of how New
York State will continue to serve as a partner in creating sustainable,
integrated communities and boosting bottom-up economic development efforts. Two
sustainable development experts delivered keynote addresses:



     Julian Castro -United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development

     Rafael E. Cestero - President/CEO of Community Preservation Corporation and
New York City's former Commissioner of Housing Preservation and Development



 During the conference, Lieutenant Governor Kathy Hochul announced that New York
State has secured international certification of nearly $100 million in new
"Green Bonds" to drive the development of housing that has a positive impact on
the environment and climate. New York is now the first state in the nation to
have its affordable housing bonds certified by The Climate Bond Standards Board,
on behalf of the Climate Bonds Initiative, an international not-for-profit
organization supporting financing for projects around the world that help reduce
the impact of climate change.



 The Lieutenant Governor also announced that $6.3 million has been awarded to
nine projects to help protect 2,764 acres of at-risk farmland in the Capital
Region. The projects support the preservation of farmland for agricultural use
and protect it from degradation through the use of perpetual conservation
easements.



 From innovative investments to drive smart growth, to the bottom-up approach of
the Regional Economic Development Councils, we are leveraging our assets to
build a sustainable economy in the Capital Region and beyond.

 Governor Cuomo



 Other sustainability and development programs that have been initiated or
reformed over the last six years under Governor Cuomo include:



     Cleaner, Greener Regional Sustainability Plans

     Regional Economic Development Councils

     Land Bank Act to convert vacant properties

     Legislation to combat zombie properties

     Complete Streets design initiative

     Upstate Revitalization Initiative

     Hudson Valley Farmland Preservation and Southern Tier Agricultural Industry
Enhancement Programs

     Clean Energy Communities

     Brownfield Redevelopment Reform

     Historic Preservation Tax Credit

     Climate Smart Communities Grants

     Community Risk and Resiliency Act



 Governor Cuomo Delivers Remarks at Regional Sustainable Development &
Collaborative Governance Conference in Schenectady



 Community Preservation Corporation President/CEO and New York City's former
Commissioner of Housing Preservation and Development Rafael E. Cestero said, "At
CPC, we believe that housing is critical to transforming underserved
neighborhoods into thriving and sustainable communities. Throughout the last
several years we have seen the impact of the Governor's economic development
initiatives in attracting new housing, business, and infrastructure to cities
large and small across the state. We look forward to continuing our work
together to help advance the programs that will be key to expanding and
preserving the state's housing stock, revitalizing our cities, and creating more
affordable and sustainable communities for all New Yorkers."



 New York State Canal Corporation Director Brian Stratton said, "Thanks to
Governor Cuomo's strategy in Upstate New York, the Capital Region's economy
grows every day and we must ensure that progress continues well into the future.
This conference offers the local municipal and business leaders an opportunity
to come together and develop the forward-thinking approach we need. The
Governor's leadership has brought us to where we are today, and by tapping into
the expertise of these industry stakeholders, we will continue to bring this
area and this state to even greater heights."



 Schenectady Mayor Gary McCarthy said, "Success in the 21st century economy
requires an approach focused on sustainable development and the ability to
capitalize on unique regional assets and that is exactly the strategy that
Governor Cuomo has used to jumpstart economic growth throughout upstate New
York. Thanks to his leadership, the Capital Region has grown to become a model
these policies and by bringing the together the best minds our public and
private sectors have to offer, this conference will play a key role in
developing solutions that tackle the biggest challenges facing our communities
today."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             240 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Finance & Commerce (Minneapolis, MN)

                          September 27, 2012 Thursday

Minneapolis's Cedar-Riverside project finds support, with a catch

BYLINE: Drew Kerr

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 792  words


Plans to bring a $48.5 million housing development to Minneapolis's
Cedar-Riverside neighborhood got a boost this week, but the developers will have
some homework to do before they can move ahead.

On Tuesday, the city's Community Development Committee voted to send Hennepin
County a $390,000 grant application to help Minneapolis-based Fine Associates
close on land at 515 15th Ave. S., where the company wants to build a six-story,
259-unit apartment building.

The decision came a day after the same project, Five15 on the Park, provoked a
debate at the city's Heritage Preservation Commission, which wants more
information before deciding whether a 1903 building on the site can be torn
down.

The two-story building was a saloon for Gluek Brewing, once the third-largest
brewer in Minneapolis. There are more than a dozen Gluek buildings in the city
and many, including nearby 501 Cedar Ave., now home to the Nomad World Pub, have
been preserved.

Fine Associates argues the Gluek building on their site has been stripped of
nearly all its historic elements, and that leaving it in place would "cripple"
their designs. While it could be relocated, the $500,000 cost is seen as
prohibitive.

"I believe in preserving historical resources as much as possible, but frankly I
never believed this was a historical resource," Bianca Fine, the president of
Fine Associates, said on Thursday.

The Heritage Preservation Commission is expected to revisit the issue at its
Nov. 5 meeting, following a review of other Gluek sites in the city.

This week's developments are just the latest chapter in a 20-year effort to
bring housing to the Cedar-Riverside site.

While the demolition issue is an unwanted barrier, Fine said the end may be in
sight. The hope is to get the final financing in place in the coming months, and
to break ground by early April. Build out could take up to 18 months.

The project has received support from local officials who say it will diversify
housing options in what's described as the "region's most transit-oriented
neighborhoods. "

The site is a half-mile southeast of the Central Corridor Light Rail Transit
line's West Bank station on Washington Avenue, and immediately northwest of the
Hiawatha LRT line's Cedar-Riverside station.

In February, Minneapolis officials approved a $1.2 million loan from the city's
Affordable Housing Trust Fund. Preliminary approvals for $27 million in housing
revenue bonds have also been provided. Private equity is being pursued to
augment the public funding.

The public support means that at least 20 percent of the units must be reserved
for residents at 50 percent of the mean metropolitan income. Another 60 percent
of units will be for residents at 60 percent of the median income, and the rest
will be market rate. Rents haven't yet been determined.

Around 5,800 square feet of ground level space could also be used to house one
or two local businesses, a health clinic, and a child care facility.

"This project is a poster child for what affordable housing in a transit zone
should be," Fine said.

The work comes amid a wave of public and private investment in the
Cedar-Riverside neighborhood.

Riverside Plaza, a 1,300-unit complex at 1610 S. Sixth St., recently saw a $65
million renovation. Next door, The Cedars, a 539-unit affordable housing
complex, got a $4.2 million facelift.

Improvements to Cedar and Riverside avenues are under way now, and there are
plans next year to rebuild Fourth and 15th avenues.

"The combination of investments is creating a dramatic transformation of the
Cedar-Riverside neighborhood, and this (the Fine Associates project) is just a
logical extension of that concentrated investment," said Matt Goldstein, a
senior project coordinator for Minneapolis.

More developments could be coming.

David Frank, director of transit development for Minneapolis, said the city
plans to issue a request for proposals by early 2013 to redevelop 1500 S. Fourth
St.

The property, now a surface parking lot, could be combined with adjacent
county-owned land and redeveloped for a number of uses, including housing. The
site is on a hillside east of the Hiawatha LRT station.

Sherman Associates, the owners of Riverside Plaza, have meanwhile discussed
redeveloping the Riverside Mall, at 620 16th Ave. S., and Fine Associates may
pursue mixed-used developments at two other lots, at 15th Avenue and Sixth
Street.

Frank said the hope is to see more market-rate housing in the area, now
dominated by low income- and workforce-housing.

"Because of the concentration of lower-income housing, there's not enough buying
power to support all of the businesses," he said. "It's a thriving commercial
zone, but there should be more income power in the area. "

© 2012 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             241 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            August 12, 2010 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Faltering Harlem Housing Deal Won City Cash

BYLINE: By RUSS BUETTNER

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 2347 words


In the early 1990s, with New York City eager to find creative ways of
rehabilitating its troubled neighborhoods, it struck a multimillion-dollar deal
with the Greater Harlem Chamber of Commerce: The city sold the chamber a
collection of dilapidated Harlem apartment buildings for a nominal amount, and
arranged for close to $10 million in low-cost loans to help fix and restore the
buildings.

The deal could hardly have gone worse -- in almost every way, and over many,
many years.

The chamber's development arm twice faced foreclosure on the collection of
properties; utility bills went unpaid, and renovations were never done.

Nonetheless, in 2008, after years of failed promises to run the buildings
effectively, the Bloomberg administration chose to invest additional millions
with the chamber's development arm, known formally as Greater Harlem Housing
Development Corporation. It awarded the group a $2.55 million forgivable loan,
essentially a grant, to take care of long-neglected rehabilitation work. Now,
two years later, there is evidence this investment has proved as troubled and
disappointing as the first one.

A review of the public record makes clear the decision to award the money came
just as the administration was in the final push to gain City Council approval
for one of its largest and most controversial neighborhood rezoning initiatives,
a plan to change the rules for development in an area that straddles 125th
Street, Harlem's main thoroughfare.

Such things do not move forward without the approval of the local council
member. And in Harlem, that person was Inez E. Dickens, a woman with a
lifetime's worth of connections to the Harlem chamber and its president, Lloyd
A. Williams. Ms. Dickens's father had been president of the chamber before Mr.
Williams; she had served on its board; and Mr. Williams had been among her few
fund-raisers.

Ms. Dickens had initially spoken against Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg's rezoning
plan for Harlem. The plan -- which involved things like initiatives for housing
and rules on the heights of new buildings -- had provoked fierce neighborhood
opposition from those who feared that remaking the neighborhood's signature
thoroughfare would price out longtime residents and businesses.

But on April 30, 2008, Ms. Dickens threw her support behind the plan, and
directed her colleagues on the City Council to approve it, a decision that
provoked jeers and taunting from dozens of Harlem residents who had turned up at
City Hall. The same day, the city's Department of Housing Preservation and
Development notified Mr. Williams that it was finalizing the $2.55 million
grant.

Ms. Dickens declined a request for an interview.

Eric Bederman, a spokesman for the city's Department of Housing Preservation and
Development, said there was no connection between the approval of the loan and
Ms. Dickens's support for the rezoning plan.

The new loan has yet to yield much beyond additional problems. Repair work that
was supposed to be done to the more than dozen buildings along 135th Street in
the heart of Harlem has not been completed; building code violations that were
to be corrected are still unresolved. And in court filings this year, Mr.
Williams conceded that Greater Harlem Housing was ''unable to manage and fund
the operation of the properties on its own.''

Multiplying Problems

The Harlem Chamber of Commerce was founded in 1896 to advocate for and assist
uptown businesses. In recent decades, it has taken on more sweeping pursuits. In
1993, for instance, the group formed an arm devoted to developing low-income
housing, the Greater Harlem Housing Development Corporation.

The next year, a special committee formed by the chamber personally urged Mayor
Rudolph W. Giuliani to let the chamber take over distressed city-owned
properties. Two members of that committee were Mr. Williams and Ms. Dickens.
''This needs to happen quickly,'' Mr. Williams wrote in a March 1994 letter to
Mr. Giuliani.

Three months later, the city and Mr. Williams signed a deal to sell nine
city-owned properties to Greater Harlem Housing for $38,000. The group bought
four additional properties from private sellers for about $350,000. The
properties, on or near 135th Street between Adam Clayton Powell Jr. Boulevard
and Frederick Douglass Boulevard, held 117 rent-stabilized apartments and 11
commercial spaces.

Problems soon emerged.

In 1997, Greater Harlem Housing faced foreclosure. One of the lenders involved
in the deal between the city and the chamber charged the group with having
defaulted on $5.7 million in principal and interest and accused it of
''misappropriating'' $50,000 a month in collected rents.

Greater Harlem defended its performance, and ultimately a resolution was reached
with the lender.

But the troubles were multiplying. By 2000, Greater Harlem Housing owed the city
more than $320,000 in overdue property taxes. It was eligible for a program that
would have helped it limit its liabilities, but had never filed the paperwork.

In 2005, the lender again moved to foreclose on the chamber's holdings. Mr.
Williams wrote in a court affidavit that Greater Harlem Housing was trying ''to
restore itself to fiscal viability.'' He acknowledged ''the need for capital
improvements and repairs'' but blamed rent-stabilization laws and delinquent
tenants for the group's financial distress.

A tenants' group saw things differently. It wrote to the judge complaining about
''years of mismanagement'' and ''the neglect and deplorable conditions'' of the
buildings.

''Additionally, past history has proven'' the organization ''incapable of
properly owning and managing these properties,'' the group said.

In spring 2006 the city intervened to give Greater Harlem Housing another
reprieve.

Connections

Mr. Williams has long been at the center of the Harlem Chamber of Commerce's
expanding interests. He is president of the three nonprofit organizations run
from the chamber's headquarters and an active player in Harlem politics.

He runs a for-profit company, LMR Productions, which is based in the same
offices as the chamber and shares key staff members. LMR bills the chamber's
nonprofits for ''production'' and ''solicitation'' fees. Mr. Williams also had a
brief experience as a partner in a for-profit enterprise to rehabilitate
affordable apartments.

It did not, though, go any better than the Greater Harlem Housing project.

In 1992, the city sold eight buildings to Uptown Housing Partnership for a
dollar each. Mr. Williams was an officer of the partnership, and problems
emerged quickly there as well.

In 1996, a lender sued the partnership for having defaulted on $3.7 million in
mortgages, and Mr. Williams and his partners lost the buildings in a 1999
foreclosure auction.

State and city investigators who began looking into Mr. Williams's dealings
determined that he had used his oversight of another charity to misdirect public
money into Greater Harlem Housing.

A federal investigation of Uptown Housing followed. No one was ever charged with
a crime, but at the insistence of the city's Department of Investigation, Mr.
Williams was removed from the board of the charity at the center of the inquiry.

Calls to Mr. Williams were referred to Joseph Fleming, the lawyer for Greater
Harlem Housing, who said that the difficulties with the apartments in the 13
buildings bought back in 1994 are only part of the picture, and cited the
chamber's work bringing in new businesses and services to revive the area.

''There are a number of things that we've helped bring into the area that have
really added some significant quality to the lifestyles that people live in the
area,'' Mr. Fleming said. He mentioned a Quizno's, a Caribbean restaurant and a
bank branch, among others.

Crucial Endorsement

Ms. Dickens, 61, joined the Council in 2006. She quickly gained the ear of
Speaker Christine C. Quinn, who appointed Ms. Dickens to the leadership position
of majority whip. Ms. Dickens took center stage when the Bloomberg
administration's ambitious ideas for rezoning Harlem neared the final stages of
the approval process.

The administration, which had successfully rezoned vast parts of Brooklyn and
Queens in its efforts to promote development, sought to create a new blueprint
for a 24-block corridor on and around 125th Street that would revitalize the
area with development.

Such rezoning plans need the approval of the City Council, and so hearings were
scheduled and held. The Council has historically deferred to the decision of the
local member in such matters.

At a Council subcommittee hearing on the rezoning on April 1, 2008, all eyes
turned to Ms. Dickens. Her voice rose as she described herself as inspired by
civil rights leaders in her ''fight'' with the city.

''Over all, I've felt that the mayor's rezoning plan favored the developers and
did encourage overdevelopment,'' she said. ''I said no. After long hours of
discussion, they understand that I do mean no. And if I do not get the
protections and community benefits that my community must have, there will be no
rezoning plan signed into law.''

Ms. Dickens, it turns out, had already been asking the Bloomberg administration
for help with the Harlem chamber's various efforts. She was hardly unfamiliar
with its principals and its work.

Her father, Lloyd E. Dickens, was a real estate developer and a state
assemblyman who had served as the chamber's president before Mr. Williams. After
she and her sister, Delores Richards, took over their father's real estate
company, Ms. Dickens was listed as a member of the chamber's executive board,
including after she joined the Council.

In 2004, the Dickens real estate firm served as a broker on a nearby project,
Strivers Gardens, sponsored by the chamber, according to an article in New York
Construction, a trade journal.

And Mr. Williams was one of two registered fund-raisers for Ms. Dickens's
successful 2005 City Council campaign and, according to a newspaper report, was
the master of ceremonies at her inauguration in 2006.

Since joining the Council, Ms. Dickens has sent several pieces of city business
to the chamber, including $75,000 to help minority- and women-owned businesses
register for city contracts.

Her initial and public opposition to the administration's rezoning plan led to
weeks of negotiations between Ms. Dickens and city officials. They proved
successful, with the city agreeing to some of Ms. Dickens's demands.

On April 30, 2008, Ms. Dickens endorsed the rezoning, and cleared the way for
the full City Council to pass it. As she spoke, people who opposed the plan
jeered her from the balconies, shouting ''sellout!'' and ''liar!''

''I need no one to document my commitment to my community,'' Ms. Dickens said
over shouts from the balcony. That day, the city housing agency gave Mr.
Williams the news that it was finishing work on the $2.55 million forgivable
loan the chamber had sought.

As part of the deal, the city once again modified Greater Harlem Housing's
mortgage to let it catch up on nearly two years of payments totaling
$110,860.62. The group had to pay $22,930.03 in cash; the rest of the arrears
were added to the mortgage balance.

In May 2008, five days after the Council vote on the rezoning, Mr. Williams
attended a fund-raiser for Ms. Dickens at Melba's restaurant in Harlem. The
event yielded about $20,000, Ms. Dickens's biggest fund-raising day. Protesters
gathered outside the restaurant yelled out again at Ms. Dickens as she left.

''People felt so aggrieved that she was so transparently selling out their
interests,'' said Michael Henry Adams, a Harlem historian, shortly after the
fund-raiser.

Change of Heart

Ms. Dickens has previously cited numerous reasons for supporting the rezoning,
including that it would offer new affordable housing, safeguards against
overdevelopment and protections for ''indigenous'' businesses and cultural
institutions.

Mr. Bederman, the spokesman for the city's Department of Housing Preservation
and Development, said the agency was aware of the earlier performance problems
before the 2008 grant was approved, but noted the forgivable loan program had
enough checks and balances that ''it works regardless of the prior history of
the owner, which shouldn't be a barrier to the future of these tenants.''

''We were aware of the issues,'' Mr. Bederman said. ''We do recognize that these
are serious concerns, and as such we have followed the necessary procedures for
the project during this process and sought to ensure that the organization
adhered to the structure of the program.''

Providing the grant, he added, helped prevent a long and uncertain foreclosure
process that would have likely caused the repairs to have gone undone even
longer.

In the two years since that contentious vote in City Hall, Greater Harlem
Housing has continued to founder.

In March, it filed a petition in State Supreme Court seeking permission to sell
a large percentage of its interest in the properties to a private real estate
developer, the Friedman Organization, for $1.5 million, a fraction of their
appraised value.

In the petition, Mr. Williams said that Greater Harlem Housing had been ''unable
to maintain the infrastructure and staff to provide property management.''

The group owed $100,000 to Consolidated Edison and more than $800,000 to people
who lent the group money to help it avoid losing the properties in the 2005
foreclosure.

The petition also shows that a property appraiser hired by the group had
determined that the properties should produce $700,000 in annual profit after
expenses, something Greater Harlem Housing had not accomplished.

The terms of the 2008 grant from the city required that the repairs be completed
and all outstanding code violations be resolved by June 3, 2010.

Neither condition has been met. Mr. Bederman, the city housing spokesman, blamed
unforeseen delays. He said that the work was 70 percent completed, and that all
the violations would be taken care of upon completion.

Ms. Dickens has since allocated an additional $2 million of city funding for a
second phase of rehabilitation, but that money has not yet been released.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: From left, apartment buildings on 135th Street, Frederick
Douglass Boulevard and St. Nicholas Avenue that are owned by an arm of the
Greater Harlem Chamber of Commerce. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY MARCUS YAM/THE NEW YORK
TIMES)
Top, Lloyd Williams, the Harlem chamber's president, and Councilwoman Inez
Dickens. Ms. Dickens's father was once president of the chamber, above.
(PHOTOGRAPHS BY RUBY WASHINGTON/THE NEW YORK TIMES
 MARCUS YAM/THE NEW YORK TIMES) (A26) MAP: The location of Harlem Housing
Development properties. (A26)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The New York Times Company


                             242 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                           August 21, 2013 Wednesday

N.Y. City Gets Private Help for Sandy Long-Term

BYLINE: Paul Burton

SECTION: REGIONAL NEWS Vol. 122 No. 161

LENGTH: 237  words


A consortium of foundations and financial institutions will provide more than
$2.6 million in private funding to support recovery from Hurricane Sandy, the
New York City Housing Preservation and Development Corp. announced.

Collectively known as the NYC Housing and Neighborhood Recovery Donors
Collaborative, theÂ  institutions have worked in close partnership with city
housing agencies and the Mayor's Fund, which is providing $637,500 in matching
Sandy relief funds. That brings the total to more than $3.2 million.

Funds from the collaborative are targeted to help with medium- and long-term
planning and rebuilding efforts of housing and neighborhoods in the city's
Community Development Block Grant disaster recovery action plan.

"The storm may be in the past, but it has given us lessons that we can apply to
the future so that we are a more prepared and resilient city," said HPD
Commissioner Mathew Wambua.

The city and Deutsche Bank Americas Foundation are running point for the
collaborative, which consists of the AARP Foundation, Altman Foundation, Bank of
America, Berkshire Taconic Community Foundation, Capital One, Citi Foundation,
Deutsche Bank Americas Foundation, Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Hearst Foundations,
HSBC Bank USA, JP Morgan Chase, the Mayor's Fund to Advance New York City, New
York Community Trust, Robin Hood Foundation, Rockefeller Brothers Fund,
Rockefeller Foundation and the Toyota Foundation.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BONDBUYER_BB


                        Copyright 2013 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             243 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                May 24, 1984, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

THE FINANCING: LOANS, GRANTS

SECTION: Section C; Page 8, Column 6; Home Desk

LENGTH: 343 words


DENISE REED bought her $8,000 house with a $2,000 down payment from her savings.
She obtained a 7.5-percent 20-year city- financed mortgage for the $6,000
remaining in the purchase price. For the rehabilitation costs, however, Miss
Reed put together her own financial package.

''Out of desperation,'' she said, ''I called any source I could think of for
funds: banks, historic societies, utility companies.''

While Miss Reed expects to use more of her savings for the renovation, her
current financial package includes an $85,000 urban home loan from Chase
Manhattan for the interior rehabilitation, to be repaid over 30 years. Currently
at 14.5 percent, the final interest rate will be determined by the prevailing
commercial market rates when the project is completed.

She also received a $1,500 grant from the Brooklyn Union Gas Cinderella Project
designated for exterior renovation, a $1,500 grant from Self magazine for
winning the magazine's Fresh Start Contest and a matching grant from Revlon.

She will also receive a low-interest, short- term loan from the New York City
Historic Properties Fund, managed by the New York Landmarks Conservancy, for the
building facade when she has a final estimate for the work.

For those renovating residential buildings in New York, the Department of
Housing Preservation and Development has limited loans available under two
programs. The Home Improvement Program gives maximum loans of $15,000. For
information call 566-0144. Under the Section 312 program, some larger loans are
available. For information call 566-0250. The Historic Properties Fund has
limited, short-term loans available for facade work on buildings with city
landmark designations. For information call 736-7575.

For those owning buildings in the boroughs served by Brooklyn Union Gas
(Brooklyn, Queens and Staten Island), there are limited grants available under
the company's Cinderella Project for rehabilitating building exteriors. A
written proposal must be submitted. For more information call Brooklyn Union
Gas, 643-2000.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             244 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                            April 21, 2005 Thursday
                                 Souths Edition

It's a 3-way race for 2 selectman seats;
Paul Gallagher

BYLINE: Karen Goulart

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 1260 words


Profiled here by staff reporter Karen Goulart are the three candidates competing
for two three-year terms on the board of selectmen in the Kingston town election
on Saturday

Paul Gallagher had no municipal experience last year when he successfully ran
for an unexpired one-year term on the baord of selectmen. The term was available
because Selectman Richard Cretinon had resigned after being charged with rape,
and Gallagher said he had a strong desire to restore integrity and trust to the
seat.

As he runs for re-election, Gallagher said he thinks he has achieved those
first-year goals and is ready to give more to the town.

"After serving the last year and three months, I feel I've laid a foundation to
move forward and accomplish more of goals and objectives I've set," he said.

Those goals include the construction of a senior center, installation of a cell
phone tower on Pottle Street and identifying ways to decrease taxes and generate
revenue for the town.

Since Gallagher has been the chairman of the senior center building committee, a
site for the center has been chosen, preliminary plans have been drawn, money
has been set aside and the committee is waiting for word on its bid to obtain a
$800,000 grant.

"I don't want to, and I'm not going to, take credit for a senior center the town
has been working on for more than 15 years," Gallagher said, "but I think I took
the bull by the horns."

Gallagher said he sees adoption of the state Community Preservation Act as a way
to bring more money to Kingston. The act allows cities and towns that approve it
to impose a property-tax surcharge of up to 3 percent for use in buying open
space, preserving historic sites and creating affordable housing - and to obtain
matching funds from the state.

Gallagher hopes that adoption of the act will be approved in Saturday's
election.

"It seems to be a minimal (financial) burden given the benefits you can reap,"
he said, "and there are exemptions to assure that those who can't afford it
won't be burdened."

Adoption of the act also would give the town more incentive to create affordable
housing on its own, he said.

Gallagher thinks selectmen should work with the fire department to address its
staffing needs. He also advocates taking a close look at how the town is
expanding.

"Going forward, we need to be concerned about the direction of the growth that
we have going on. With so many (state Chapter) 40B plans (for affordable
housing) proposed, we need to ... work to increase the non-residential tax
base."

If he is re-elected, residents can expect him to continue with the approach he
has taken in the past year, Gallagher said.

"I'm honest, straightforward, I try to be clear and concise, and I'm not afraid
to question things. I think that benefits the town, and I hope people see that."
Jean Landis-Naumann

Jean Landis-Naumann says her years on the finance committee, her professional
background in Social Security administration and her service on the boards of
several nonprofit groups make her a strong candidate for selectman.

"My 25 years of management experience with the federal government help me
understand the role of government and how important it is for administrators of
those laws to serve the public within the law," she said. "My whole life has
basically been devoted to making sure people get the benefits and services to
which they are entitled."

Being prudent with money and listening to the needs and concerns of residents
are two of the most important things a selectman must do, she said.

"One thing people will tell you about me is I may ask a lot of hard questions,
but I'm always fair," she said. "I listen to all sides before I make a
decision."

Landis-Nauman said selectmen will continue to deal with fiscal challenges: how
to afford the things residents need and want.

"The key to this is to get everyone to talk," she said. "That's why this past
year (the finance committee) began working with the town administrator and the
town treasurer to work toward having a five year plan for the town."

Landis-Naumann said having each department develop a five-year plan will make
establishing priorities easier.

She said effective communication between the finance committee and the Silver
Lake Regional School Committee helped produce a Silver Lake school budget that
did not require a Proposition 21/2 override.

"I would like to think what we were able to achieve this year on the finance
committee by working out the Silver Lake budget ahead of time, the elementary
school budget ahead of time and all the other issues in the warrant made for a
very smooth and efficient town meeting," she said.

Landis-Naumann thinks the ballot question that proposes adopting the state
Community Preservation Act gives Kingston voters a "wonderful opportunity." "If
we get matching funds (from the state), it's like getting 100 percent return on
your money, and I don't know what other investment you can get that kind of
return on," she said. "We're talking about paying for things we're going to have
to pay for as a town, but it would only cost half of what we'd pay if we funded
it out of our regular budget." Sandra MacFarlane

Sandra MacFarlane thinks a selectman should be a sounding board and should not
have an agenda.

"Something that bothered me in the past was there were an awful lot of personal
agendas - one or two people thinking something is good for the town. Well, you
can't work that way. It either has to be residents voting on it or every
department involved in making decisions."

In recent years, Kingston has elected some "fantastic" selectmen, and positive
changes have resulted, MacFarlane said.

"The selectmen ... are more amenable, more available to the public, more
approachable. That's a wonderful direction for the town of Kingston to be headed
in, and it's going to take us a long way toward being a more progressive town."

MacFarlane said her life and work experiences, including six years as a
municipal employee, could benefit Kingston.

She is conservation commission secretary in Hanover. She said she knows how
government works and how important it is to make government accessible to
residents.

"The lack of respect to residents bothers me something fierce," MacFarlane said.
"I feel like I'd like to take my experience and help my town and bring respect
and dignity back in these offices."

She sees managing growth as one of the major issues in Kingston - one that
selectmen and all town departments need to address.

"It's not that you don't want development, but you want control of that
development," she said. "If we have to meet a percentage of low-income housing,
we can do it in progressive ways. There are other towns that fulfill that
obligation ... and they don't destroy the ambiance of their community."

Teamwork between departments and boards is critical, MacFarlane said.

"I work with developers every day up in Hanover. Our conservation commission,
planning board and building inspector work like clockwork. They have
interdepartmental meetings. It's a team effort. Kingston can be the same way."

MacFarlane said she would give full support to audit committees - internal and
external - to make sure that residents' money is properly managed.

She also strongly supports the senior center project and wants to see the
providing of drug and alcohol education to children continue.

MacFarlane favors adoption of the Community Preservation Act.

"I think it's an invaluable tool for our town," she said. "We need to keep and
preserve the wonderful history that we have." Karen Goulart may be reached at
kgoulart@ledger.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Patriot Ledger


                             245 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Laurel Leader-Call (Mississippi)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 18, 2010 Thursday

Helping to feed local senior citizens

BYLINE: Charlotte A. Graham, Laurel Leader-Call, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 644 words


Feb. 18--The Jones County office of Pearl River Valley Opportunity, Inc. is
partnering with the Mississippi Food Network to provide free food boxes to 250
elderly residents.

Each month food boxes valued from $60 to $70 will be provided to qualified
senior citizens through the Mississippi Food Network's Commodity Supplement Food
Program (CSFP). The program, which will start in April, is administered under
the direction of the Mississippi Department of Health.

"Interested individuals are asked to call our office to place their names on our
appointment list of possible candidates for the program," said PRVO Office
Manager Tensie Wheeler. "We will then do an assessment of each applicant to see
if they qualify.

"There are certain guidelines we have to follow. You have to be 60 or older and
fall in a specific economic bracket to qualify."

Established in 1965, PRVO is a private non-profit organization that helps people
rise above poverty through offering various services to enhance their education
and training, increase the opportunity to work and obtain decent housing.

Services and programs offered by the agency include the American Recovery and
Reimbursement Act (ARRA) program which provides education, training and
employment to people to help them become self-efficient; Before and After School
Care Programs; Community Service Block Grants; Emergency Food and Shelter;
Extended Day Early Childhood Development; Families First Resource Centers; Head
Start; Housing Construction, Development and Management; Housing Preservation
Grants; Intensive Youth Supervision Programs; Intermediary Relending Programs;
Low Income Home Energy Assistance Programs; Male Involvement; Minority Business
Enterprise Loan Program; Prescription Assistance Program; Positive Youth
Development; Rural Business Enterprise Loan Program; Section 5311 Transportation
Program; Services for Senior Citizens, Summer Child Care Services; Summer Food
Service Program; Weatherization; Youthbuild and much more.

In addition to Jones County, PRVO serves clients in Covington, Forrest,
Jefferson Davis, Lamar, Marion and Pearl River counties. Wheeler noted that PRVO
serves more than 2,500 Jones County residents per year.

CSFP is not new to the agency. Shortly after Hurricane Katrina devastated the
Jones County area, the agency provided the same type of food boxes to the
elderly. Each box contains healthy and nutritious food from the basic food
groups.

"We have meats, dairy products, fruit and vegetables, bread, everything they
will need for nutritious food," explained Wheeler. "The selected foods are those
suitable for people in their age groups."

Wheeler added that one of the great things about the program is that it gives
senior citizens a chance to keep a little money in their pocket to meet other
needs in their households.

"With the economy the way it is right now, many of or senior citizens have had
to make the choice of food or medication," said Wheeler. "They just don't have
the money to purchase both, although both are important to their well-being.

"At least $60 won't have to be taken out of their budget to pay for food each
month. We're starting with 250 people, but hopefully it will grow to include
more people."

According to Wheeler, senior citizens qualifying for the program will receive
free food boxes each month for at least three years. PRVO will began accepting
applications at 8 a.m. Monday. To apply, phone 601-428-3171 or 601-428-3173.

To see more of the Laurel Leader-Call or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.leadercall.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Laurel Leader-Call, Miss.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100218-LH-Helping-to-feed-local-senior-citizens-0218

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LH


                                 Copyright 2010


                             246 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Heitkamp Announces Federal Funding to Sustain Affordable Rural
Housing

LENGTH: 352  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Heidi Heitkamp has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Heidi Heitkamp announced two federal grants totaling $140,000 to
help rural communities modernize, repair, and improve safety and quality to make
housing more affordable for rural North Dakotans.





 "For too many rural families, particularly those with lower incomes, home
repairs and updates are often out of reach," said Heitkamp. "When badly needed
maintenance goes unaddressed families can end up facing more costly repairs down
the road, or risk living in unsafe conditions. North Dakota families deserve
better - and this federal funding will help make sure folks in rural communities
can make the repairs they need to preserve a safe place to call home."



 The federal funds are distributed as follows:



     Souris Basin Planning Council: $70,000 in federal funding to support the
maintenance and repair of 6 affordable housing units.



     Turtle Mountain Housing Authority: $70,000 in federal funding to support
the maintenance and repair of 20 affordable housing units.



 The federal funds are made available through the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Rural Development Housing Preservation Grants. These federal funds
help to repair and improve affordable housing for low-income families in rural
areas. The grants can be used to modernize units, remove or repairs health and
safety hazards, and make homes more energy efficient.



 Heitkamp has been a steadfast advocate for affordable housing in North Dakota,
whether it's pushing for more affordable housing in western North Dakota at the
height of the energy boom or in Indian Country dealing with the chronic housing
problems. In August, Heitkamp delivered the keynote address at the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development's first Great Plains regional Indian
Housing conference that aimed to leverage public-private partnerships to provide
long-term strategies that will boost housing opportunities across Indian
Country.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             247 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 7, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Heitkamp Announces Federal Funding to Sustain Affordable Rural
Housing

LENGTH: 352  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of the Senator Heidi Heitkamp has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. Senator Heidi Heitkamp announced two federal grants totaling $140,000 to
help rural communities modernize, repair, and improve safety and quality to make
housing more affordable for rural North Dakotans.





 "For too many rural families, particularly those with lower incomes, home
repairs and updates are often out of reach," said Heitkamp. "When badly needed
maintenance goes unaddressed families can end up facing more costly repairs down
the road, or risk living in unsafe conditions. North Dakota families deserve
better - and this federal funding will help make sure folks in rural communities
can make the repairs they need to preserve a safe place to call home."



 The federal funds are distributed as follows:



     Souris Basin Planning Council: $70,000 in federal funding to support the
maintenance and repair of 6 affordable housing units.



     Turtle Mountain Housing Authority: $70,000 in federal funding to support
the maintenance and repair of 20 affordable housing units.



 The federal funds are made available through the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Rural Development Housing Preservation Grants. These federal funds
help to repair and improve affordable housing for low-income families in rural
areas. The grants can be used to modernize units, remove or repairs health and
safety hazards, and make homes more energy efficient.



 Heitkamp has been a steadfast advocate for affordable housing in North Dakota,
whether it's pushing for more affordable housing in western North Dakota at the
height of the energy boom or in Indian Country dealing with the chronic housing
problems. In August, Heitkamp delivered the keynote address at the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development's first Great Plains regional Indian
Housing conference that aimed to leverage public-private partnerships to provide
long-term strategies that will boost housing opportunities across Indian
Country.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             248 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            February 6, 2004 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Residential Real Estate;
A Portrait of a Neighborhood Is Now Just a Click Away

BYLINE:  By DENNIS HEVESI

SECTION: Section B; Column 3; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 669 words


Want to know how many vacant lots are in your neighborhood? How steep the rent
increases have been? The rate of mortgage foreclosures? How many people live in
"linguistic isolation" (bureaucratese for "non-English speakers")?

Under a new federally financed program, anyone wanting to tap into a wealth of
housing (and other) information about any of New York City's neighborhoods --
would-be home buyers, renters, policy makers or community advocates -- can log
on at no charge to a simple-to-use Web site at www.nychanis.com.

Nychanis stands for New York City Housing and Neighborhoods Information System,
and the Web site is the design child of Michael H. Schill, director of the
Furman Center for Real Estate and Urban Policy at New York University's School
of Law, and Denise Previti, a former researcher at the center. It was financed
by a $457,000 grant from the United States Department of Commerce, with matching
contributions from local foundations and banks.

"The project is part of a national movement toward democratizing data,"
Professor Schill said. "The idea is that government agencies and private
organizations collect huge amounts of information that average people have no
way of accessing. With Nychanis, anyone can have this data at their fingertips."

Someone wondering whether to buy a home in the Flushing or Whitestone sections
of Queens, for example, could readily discover that the inflation-adjusted
median value for single-family homes in the community rose to $300,000 in 2002,
from $215,000 in 1999. From 1999 to 2002, the percentage of individually owned
housing units increased to 49.6, from 47.2. Approximately 60 percent of the
area's housing was built before 1960, with 22.5 percent built before 1939, the
data show.

A Web searcher could draw a social portrait of the neighborhood. In
Flushing-Whitestone, for example, the percentageof students in public elementary
and middle schools who performed at grade level or above in English rose to 60.8
in 2003, from 52.2 in 1999. Violent crimes dropped to 3.54 per 1,000 residents
in 2001 , from 7.84 incidents in 1990.

Someone weighing whether to rent an apartment on the Upper West Side could find
that more than 76.8 percent of the rental units in the neighborhood are
rent-regulated in one form or another, leaving 23.2 percent at market rate.
From1999 to 2002, the median rent for all apartments -- including regulated
units and those in public housing -- rose by 10.3 percent to $950. If someone
wants to buy an apartment on the Upper West Side, they could find that the
inflation-adjusted median value rose to $600,000 in 2002, from $322,000 in 1999.

The Web site offers 65 categories of information about each neighborhood.

"Not only can people download data tables," Professor Schill said, "they can
create custom-made maps, graphs, pie charts.

"If a community group is concerned that subprime lenders are targeting minority
communities, it can create a map showing where subprime loans are most
prevalent, then overlay where most minority families live."

The statistics come from a host of sources: New York City's Departments of
Planning, Finance, Housing Preservation and Development and the police and, on
the federal level, the Census Bureau and the Departments of Commerce and
Education, as well as data collected in accordance with the National Home
Mortgage Disclosure Act.

Someone logging on can enter an address and obtain information based on the
local census tract, subborough area, community district, school district or
police precinct. "It blends the housing data with digital maps of the city,"
said Richard Annitto, vice president of Bowne Management Systems, the company
that designed the site. "It's the most complete source for housing statistics in
the city."

The Department of Housing Preservation and Development has already used it for
policy purposes. "Because of our interest in homelessness, we mapped where the
overcrowded apartments are," said Harold Shultz, the department's special
counsel.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart: "Marshaling City Housing Data"A new, free interactive Web site
brings together diverse information on New York City housing and population as a
reference tool for home buyers, parents, researchers, banks and community
advocates. On www.nychanis.com, users can choose neighborhoods and view or
compare them in terms of housing vacancies and costs, land use, income, school
attendance, crime and many other factors. The site can map or chart results in
various ways, and includes a calculator for further analysis of data. A user can
then store the information in a personal account for future use. This map, for
example, shows boroughs by rental vacancy rate, with darker shades for higher
rates.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                             249 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

The Bond Buyer Lefislation Status report

                            December 4, 2000, Monday



Housing

HR 175*, S. 1016*: Low Income Housing Tax Credit Volume Cap Increase

States may issue tax credits equal to $1.25 per capita.

Would increase cap to $1.75 per capita and index it to inflation.

Two earlier attempts to increase the credit failed: one was attached to the tax
bill vetoed by President Clinton in September 1999, the other was included in
minimum wage and tax legislation the House approved March 9 but was dropped in a
compromise. The House July 26 passed a community renewal bill including a
provision that would increase the credit by 10 cents annually until it reaches
$1.75 in 2006, after which it would be indexed for inflation. In his draft of
the bill, Senate Finance Committee chairman Bill Roth, R-Del., proposed raising
the credit to $1.75 per capita or a minimum of $2 million per state effective
Jan. 1 and adjusting it for inflation. House and Senate Republicans included a
provision in the Taxpayer Relief Act of 2000, passed by the House Oct. 26, that
would raise the credit to $1.50 per resident on Jan. 1 and to $1.75 on Jan. 1,
2002, with a first-time small state minimum of $2 million. The credit would be
indexed for inflation starting in 2003. The Senate is deadlocked on the bill and
has delayed action on it until Congress returns from its election recess
tomorrow.

HR 425*: Housing Preservation Matching Grant of 1999

No matching funds for affordable housing are available to state entities from
HUD.

Would provide $50 million from HUD to match state agencies' contributions to
preserve affordable housing.

HR 425 was introduced by Rep. Bruce Vento, D-Minn., in January 1999 and has been
referred to the Committee on Banking and Financial Services. It has 53
co-sponsors

Public Power

HR 2944*, Electricity Competition and Reliability Act; HR 2050*, Electric
Consumers Power to Choose Act; S. 2098 , Electric Power Market Competition and
Reliability Act

Utilities' monopoly status protected by various laws.

In 1999, Rep. Joe Barton, R-Tex., introduced the Electricity Competition and
Reliability Act, while Reps. Steve Largent, R-Okla., and Ed Markey, D-Mass.,
introduced the Electric Consumers Power to Choose Act, which would encourage
states to open up to retail competition, but would not force them to open up to
competition. HR 2050 would also grandfather municipal utilities' existing debt,
and allow future tax-exempt financing for distribution and transmission
facilities, but not for generation facilities.

The House Commerce energy subcommittee approved Barton's bill in October 1999,
but the measure did not include the bond proposal, which is under the
jurisdiction of the House Ways and Means Committee. Senate Energy and Natural
Resources Committee chairman Frank Murkowski, R-Alaska, abandoned work on a
comprehensive restructuring bill and approved a scaled-down reliability bill
that was approved by the Senate June 29. The full House Commerce Committee
subsequently abandoned efforts to act on a restructuring bill this year.

Tax Legislation

HR 544*: A bill to increase the limit on bank deductibility

Banks can deduct the costs of buying and carrying the tax-exempt bonds of
issuers that expect to issue $10 million a year or less.

Would raise the limit to allow banks to buy bonds of issuers that expect to
issue $25 million a year or less.

Introduced in February 1999 by Rep. J. D. Hayworth, R-Ariz., and referred to the
Ways and Means Committee. The proposal was not included in the tax bill Congress
passed in August 1999 that President Clinton vetoed that September. No action
taken this year

S. 224*: The Stop Tax-Exempt Arena Debt Issuance Act

States and local governments can use tax-exempt governmental purpose bonds to
finance professional sports facilities.

Would ban the sale of tax-exempt bonds to finance professional sports
facilities.

Introduced by Sen. Daniel Patrick Moynihan Jan. 19, 1999, and referred to the
Senate Finance Committee. It was not included in the tax bill passed by Congress
and vetoed by President Clinton in September 1999. No action taken this year

District of Columbia

HR 433*: The District of Columbia Management Restoration Act

Congress in 1997 stripped control of nine departments of the District of
Columbia government from the mayor and gave it to the financial control board it
created in 1995.

Would return control of those nine departments to the district's mayor,
including the power to hire and fire managers.


Introduced in February 1999 by Reps. Thomas M. Davis, R-Va., and Constance
Morella, R-Md., and Del. Eleanor Holmes Norton, D-D.C. Passed unanimously by the
House and Senate and signed into law by President Clinton on March 8, 1999

Bank Deregulation

HR 10*: The Financial Services Act of 1999; S. 900*: The Financial Modernization
Act of 1999

Glass-Steagall restrictions prevent unfettered affiliations between banks,
securities firms, and insurance companies.

Would allow financial institutions to enter each others' businesses, with some
restrictions. Banks would be allowed to directly underwrite municipal revenue
bonds and more firms potentially could serve as derivative providers.

The Senate approved its bill May 6 and the House passed its version July 1,
1999. After a three-and-a-half-month deadlock over the application of the law
that requires banks to make loans in low-income neighborhoods, negotiators
reached an agreement Oct. 22 that barred banks with poor Community Reinvestment
Act records from selling securities and cleared the way for final passage. The
House and Senate approved the final bill in early November and President Clinton
signed it on Nov. 12, 1999

* This chart includes legislation that was introduced in the 106th Congress,
which started in January 1999 and extends through the end of this year. Any
bills introduced since the beginning of the 106th Congress remain alive until
the two-year session ends. Legislation introduced in 1999 is identified with an
* and bills introduced this year are identified with a

 Copyright c 2000 Thomson Financial. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.bondbuyer.com

SECTION: FINANCING ANMERICAN'S FUTURRE; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 1026 words

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2000 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             250 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             August 26, 2011 Friday
                                  ML2 Edition

Buffalo Grove joins housing collaborative

BYLINE: By Steve Zalusky szalusky@dailyherald.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 317 words


Buffalo Grove trustees this week formalized the village's participation in the
Northwest Suburban Housing Collaborative, an multisuburb effort to address
issues surrounding foreclosures and affordable housing.

The village joins Arlington Heights and Palatinein the effort, and they're
expected to be joined soon by Rolling Meadows and Mount Prospect.Arlington
Heights will serve as the lead municipality.

The participating communities willshare the services of a grant-funded
consultant, known as the housing coordinator, and receive technical support from
the Metropolitan Planning Council and the Metropolitan Mayors Caucus. The mayors
caucus obtained a $35,000 grant to fund the coordinator position.

Under the towns' intergovernmental agreement, a steering committee will be
established consisting of two representatives from each community.

Robin Snyderman, vicepresident for community development for the Metropolitan
Planning Council, said the collaborative already is at work.It has hosted two
forums so far: one for business leaders to look at the housing demandsof
employees, the other to introduce owners and managers of multifamily housing to
programs and tools that promote affordability and sustainability.

The collaborative will follow up on the private sector contacts made during
those forums, Snyderman said.

The housing coordinator will work to attract funding for future programs that
could include housing preservation and redevelopment, she added.

"A single point of entry can really help leverage needed public sector resources
to address these local challenges on a meaningful scale," Snyderman said.

A similar collaborative that started in the South suburbs two years ago already
has leveraged more than $20 million in public sector funding, from county, state
and federal sources.

"Those are dollars that would have been difficult for any one town to attract on
its own," Snyderman said.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             251 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             July 3, 2002 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Construction Is to Start in Fall On Central Harlem Supermarket

BYLINE:  By TERRY PRISTIN

SECTION: Section B; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 607 words


Construction will finally begin this fall on central Harlem's first full-size
supermarket, a long-delayed project that is expected to be a catalyst for
further development in the Bradhurst section, city officials said yesterday.

The new 45,000-square-foot supermarket, a Pathmark, is part of Bradhurst Court,
a $52 million project that is being financed in part with $6.4 million in grants
and low-interest loans from the city. It will take up a full block from 144th
Street to 145th Street and from Frederick Douglass Boulevard to Bradhurst
Avenue, and will include 126 cooperative apartments for middle-income buyers,
6,000 square feet of other retail space and underground parking for 118 cars.

Christopher Cirillo, the director of large-scale development for the city's
Department of Housing Preservation and Development, said that this site, one of
the largest undeveloped tracts in Harlem, has been the key element in the city's
long-term goal of building up Bradhurst as a middle-class community. "This is
the thing that is going to tie this together," Mr. Cirillo said. "This is such a
pivotal piece. Its impact will be felt throughout the area."

The project has already led to plans for two other nearby residential buildings,
one with 77 units and the other with 200, he said. Several other buildings are
being rehabilitated, and other requests for proposals will be issued this summer
to develop city land to the north of Bradhurst Court, Mr. Cirillo said.

The development team for Bradhurst Court, which is headed by the Related
Companies, the company building the AOL Time Warner headquarters on Columbus
Circle, was chosen by the city in June 1999. A lot of time was lost because two
candidates to operate the supermarket, Pathmark and then ShopRite, withdrew from
consideration and subsequently sought bankruptcy protection.

"That was a real stumbling block," said Jerry Salama, one of the developers,
"finding a viable supermarket that knew how to run a big store in the Bradhurst
area. There were others that expressed interest, but they didn't know Harlem."

Pathmark, which had opened East Harlem's first full-size supermarket on
Lexington Avenue and 125th Street in 1999, eventually recovered and renewed its
bid for Bradhurst, a site the company had been considering for more than a
decade. As the time for signing a lease approached, Pathmark faced opposition
from Mauricio and Matthew Fernandez, who own several medium-size grocery stores
in Harlem.

The Fernandez brothers argued that the city was favoring a large chain at the
expense of local entrepreneurs. They enlisted the help of Richard Lipsky, the
lobbyist who had battled the East Harlem Pathmark on behalf of local grocery
store owners, many of them Dominican.

They had the support of a number of Hispanic politicians and of Rudy Washington,
a deputy mayor in the Giuliani administration who was able to block financing
for the project from the Upper Manhattan Empowerment Zone, a federal, state and
city economic development program. Other city officials, however, questioned
whether the Fernandez brothers were ready to make the leap to a
45,000-square-foot store.

Mr. Lipsky said yesterday that he hoped the city would find another location
where the Fernandez brothers can open a supermarket.

The new Pathmark, which is expected to be completed in 2004, will create about
200 jobs, said Harvey Gutman, a senior vice president. Its lease requires the
company to hire three-quarters of its workers from the local community. "That is
something we do because it's good business," Mr. Gutman said. "People want to
shop in stores where their friends and children work."


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                             252 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              December 10, 1988, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

Judge Upholds Law Protecting Poorer Tenants

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Page 32, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 417 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO, Dec. 9


A Federal judge has upheld a national law that protects tenants in inner-city
neighborhoods from sharp rent increases in certain cases when affluent newcomers
begin to move into the area.

The ruling on Thursday, in the first case challenging the constitutionality of
the Federal Emergency Housing Preservation Act, was a victory for 600 low-income
tenants of a building on Chicago's North Side.

Although other courts do not have to follow its example, the ruling could
influence other challenges to the law, which was passed in 1987 to protect
rent-controlled, federally subsidized private housing for low- and
moderate-income families, a lawyer for the plaintiffs said today.

The lawyer, Daniel Burke, called the ruling by Federal District Judge James
Moran a victory for the rent rights of the poor when owners of low-cost housing
give up Federal subsidies so they can charge higher rents when well-off people
move into renovated inner-city neighborhoods.

The act prohibits private owners of federally subsidized housing from
immediately charging higher market prices for rent if the change would reduce
the availability of low- and moderate-income housing.

The suit before Judge Moran was filed against the owners of a 209-unit apartment
building who sought to pay off a federally insured mortgage 20 years early.

Eviction Notices Are Sent

The owners of the building, the 833 Buena Joint Venture partnership, gave the
Federal Department of Housing and Urban Development $1.8 million in January to
pay off the mortgage and then sent notices of eviction or rent increase to the
600 residents, believing that the paid-off mortgage had exempted them from the
regulations.

The owners maintained that the housing preservation law was unconstitutional and
deprived them of their property without due process.

In any event, they said, they paid up before President Reagan signed the bill on
Feb. 5, Mr. Burke said.

But Judge Moran noted that the law clearly had a retroactive effective date of
Nov. 1, 1987, and said the housing agency had made ''a conscious choice to
ignore a legislative demand'' in accepting the prepayment, said William Wilen,
another lawyer for the plaintiffs.

Judge Moran's ruling means the building ''will remain under H.U.D. regulatory
control,'' said Mr. Burke, adding, ''It means rent increase proposed in February
were unlawful.''

The building's owners did not return telephone messages today and their lawyer,
Ellen Babbitt, refused to discuss the case.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             253 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             August 15, 2004 Sunday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

NEIGHBORHOOD REPORT Research grant

SECTION: SUBURBAN; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 277 words


Albert Einstein College of Medicine is joining the war on bioterrorism.

The research facility has received $250,000 in federal funding for research on
mycotoxins - poisons made by fungi that can potentially be used as biological
weapons.

The funding was secured by Rep. Joe Crowley (D-Bronx, Queens) in the Department
of Defense Appropriations Bill for fiscal year 2005.

While Einstein is new to the Department of Defense appropriations process, it is
a world leader in research and has great expertise in making antibodies and
working with fungal diseases.

Housing rehab

City and Bronx officials celebrated the continuing revitalization of the South
Bronx this week with the rehabilitation of the Longwood Apartments.

The two five-story, formerly city-owned buildings - at 870 Longwood Ave. and 958
Prospect Ave. in Morrisania - were rehabilitated by SoBRO through the city
Department of Housing Preservation and Development's Vacant Building 2000
Program.

The buildings now contain 32 apartments for very low- and low-income tenants,
selected through a lottery process.

Head Start funding

A North Bronx community center has received almost $1 million in federal funding
for its Early Head Start program.

The grant to the Kingsbridge Heights Community Center from the Department of
Health and Human Services will fund programs for about 75 children ages 3 and
under and their families.

Rep. Eliot Engel (D-Bronx, Westchester, Rockland), who helped secure the
funding, said that while regular Head Start programs usually begin with children
4 or 5 years old, "the earlier we get children into such programs, the more help
we can give them, and the more effective it will be."

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Daily News, L.P.


                             254 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                          February 16, 2011 Wednesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

GOP OUT TO WHACK N.Y. BUDGET-CUTTERS WANT TO AX 452M IN FED AID TO CITY

BYLINE: BY RICHARD SISK and MICHAEL McAULIFF DAILY NEWS WASHINGTON BUREAU

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 438 words


WASHINGTON - Forget the President's budget plan for next year - the Republican
scheme for 2011 threatens to slash more than $452 million from New York City,
city officials estimate.

Among the top cuts would be $38 million for schools, $122 million in community
development block grants - largely used by the city Department of Housing
Preservation and Development - $30 million for jobs programs and $139 million
for the Housing Authority.

Anti-terrorism programs, cops and Head Start programs also face large cuts.

None of it is sitting well with New York lawmakers.

"The Republican budget proposal is the product of reckless and dangerous
overreach that would be devastating for middle- and working-class Americans,
destroy thousands of jobs without replacing them, and threaten national
security," said Rep. Jerrold Nadler (D-Manhattan).

"In their mad dash to cut, House Republicans will do real damage to public
safety by cutting cops and firefighters, will prevent students from staying in
college by cutting Pell grants, and, literally, will be taking food from the
mouths of women and children," Rep. Carolyn Maloney (D-Manhattan, Queens) added.

New York Republicans ripped some of the same cuts, particularly to security
funding and heating assistance.

Rep. Anthony Weiner (D-Brooklyn, Queens) warned that the city could get whacked
for more than $1 billion this year.

"The Republicans are showing that they are leading maybe the most anti-urban
Congress in recent history," Weiner said. "No one disagrees that we need to
reduce the deficit, but cutting vital programs and services that New Yorkers
rely on is not the way to do it."

President Obama threatened to veto the GOP plan yesterday.

"The bill proposes cuts that would sharply undermine core government functions
and investments key to economic growth" and would slash Defense Department
spending to a level that leaves it "without the resources and flexibility needed
to meet vital military requirements," Obama's budget office said.

Congress failed to pass a budget for the current fiscal year, and has been
periodically doling out funds piecemeal. Lawmakers have until March 4 to approve
a 2011 budget.

The President himself defended his $3.73 trillion blueprint for 2012, saying it
was only the opening gambit for deal-making with Congress.

"I think that I'll end up having to compromise on some things," he said.
"Hopefully others will have that same spirit."

House Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) insisted it's time to get really tough on
spending.

"We're broke," he said. "It's time for us to get serious about how we're
spending the nation's money."

mmcauliff@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Daily News, L.P.


                             255 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  August 8, 1999, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

POSTINGS: Program for Moderate- and Middle-Income Homes;
864 New Houses To Go Up in the City

SECTION: Section 11; Page 1; Column 4; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 295 words


A citywide program begun in 1984 that allows moderate- and middle-income
families to purchase new housing will bring 2,121 dwelling units on the market
over the next three years, with construction of the first 560 units to start by
early next year.

The 864 one-, two-, and three-family houses will be built under the New Homes
Program on 28 city-owned sites. They will be built by private developers
recently selected by the city who must limit their profit to 10 percent of their
development costs.

Purchase prices will start at about $130,000 for a one-family, $160,000 for a
two-family and $300,000 for a three-family. Families making between $32,000 and
$70,950 are eligible, with income eligibility dependent on sales price. Houses
must be owner-occupied. Owners of multifamily homes can charge market rents.

The largest project, to be built in the Williamsburg section of Brooklyn by
Hudson Companies of Carroll Gardens, Brooklyn, will be 80 two-family houses. The
smallest is 10 two-family houses to be built on Pacific Street in Brooklyn by
Annandale Contracting of Flushing, Queens.

The New Homes Program is a joint venture of the city's Department of Housing
Preservation and Development and the New York City Housing Partnership, a
private nonprofit group. About 17,000 units, including condominium apartments,
have been built so far under the program.

The city, which donates the land and provides grants of up to $10,000 per unit,
has committed $21 million to the 1999 initiative.  An additional $192 million
will come from other public agencies and from private funding. New York State is
providing a $15,000 grant for each dwelling unit.  Houses must be owner-occupied
for 25 years or the grants must be repaid, on a declining scale.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                             256 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             March 3, 2005 Thursday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

A WIN-WIN FOR APT. ENERGY SAVINGS

BYLINE: BY SONDRA WOLFER DAILY NEWS WRITER

SECTION: SUBURBAN; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 417 words


DRAFTY WINDOWS, poor insulation and energy-sucking appliances will be a thing of
the past in 5,000 affordable apartments across the city under a new program.

The Assisted Multifamily Program aims to lower energy bills for tenants and
landlords in the five boroughs through a state-city partnership.

Officials of the state's Energy Research and Development Authority and the city
Department of Housing Preservation and Development gathered yesterday with
tenants and owners at 915 Prospect Ave. in the South Bronx, which received a
grant to pay for the energy-saving renovations.

Landlords can save up to $1,000 per unit in operating expenses each year, while
renters can expect to save as much as $200 annually on their utility bills,
officials said.

"Folks living in these units will have real savings," said HPD Commissioner
Shaun Donovan, who was joined by the authority's chairman, Judge Vincent
DiIorio, and Borough President Adolfo Carrion.

The renovations in the program include energy-efficient refrigerators and
heating systems, low-watt fluorescent lighting fixtures and hallway lighting
that responds to motion detectors.

All the windows in participating buildings will be replaced with models that
increase insulation in cold weather and help keep apartments cool in summer.

"It just makes sense," said Peter Smith, president of the authority. "It makes
sense economically. It makes sense environmentally."

The program will completely cover the cost of the renovations for the first
2,000 apartment units that apply for the program. The next 1,500 units will get
money for 80% of the renovations, and the final 1,500 units will get funding for
60% of the renovations.

"You want to attract people right off," said Smith. "We want to get the buzz
going."

The authority has allocated $7 million for the renovations - through a surcharge
on Con Edison and other utility bills - and expects that more money will be
available for the program in the future.

Ginny Gliedman, a spokeswoman for HPD, called the renovations and the resulting
energy savings a win-win situation for tenants and landlords.

"It frees up money for other things," she said, explaining that building owners
might use the energy savings for other capital improvements. "They don't have to
do anything patchwork."

Utility bills are difficult for Gena Silver, 25, who will move into one of the
Prospect Ave. apartments with her three children when the renovations are
complete.

"Being a single parent," she said, "the monthly savings will help."

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS BY ROBERT SABO Gina Silver's thrilled about energy-saving
kitchen she'll have at completion of new program starting at 915 Prospect Ave.
(r.).

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Daily News, L.P.


                             257 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     June 20, 1992, Saturday, City Edition

State funds likely for housing

BYLINE: VICTORIA WHITE

SECTION: CITRUS TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 441 words

DATELINE: INVERNESS



The state tentatively has decided to give Crystal River $ 500,000 to renovate 27
dilapidated homes in the city.

    The decision to award the Community Development Block Grant will not be
final until communities that were not selected have a chance to appeal. City
Manager Merv Waldrop, however, noted that Crystal River is ranked high and
therefore unlikely to lose during the appeal process.

    Citrus County had applied for $ 650,000, which would have been targeted to
the Homosassa area. "It eluded us again this year," said housing director Stan
Fitterman.

    The county did get some good grant news this week, though.  Fitterman said
he learned the county would receive $ 151,000 from other sources. The money
includes an $ 80,000 Florida Fix grant, much of which will be used to pay for
materials to improve homes on an all-volunteer "Fall Fix Day" Oct. 17.

    Fitterman said 160 people have volunteered. In addition to civic groups and
individuals, the Citrus County Builders' Association has offered to provide
technical expertise at each of the homes to be repaired.

    Fitterman expects that 15 to 25 houses of low-income people will be
renovated that day.

    The county will also get $ 71,000 from a housing preservation grant fund.
Fitterman said the money would be used to make repairs costing an average of $
6,000 per home.

    The county narrowly lost out on a chance for a Community Development Block
Grant. On its score sheet, the county received almost 785 points, which was
about 35 points below the score of the communities likely to receive grants.

    Citrus lost 25 points on its application because it is not in compliance
with a 1973 law on handicapped accessibility. Fitterman said the law requires
the county to review its facilities and draft a plan to make sure they can be
used by people with handicaps.

    Of the more than three dozen communities that applied for the CDBG funds,
only one other indicated it did not comply with the accessibility rules.
Fitterman said a member of his staff has now been assigned to bring Citrus into
compliance.

    Citrus County lost 12.5 points because not all of the 35 houses on its
repair list belong to families with extremely low income. "We really felt that
one or two low-income (rather than very low-income) families weren't going to
hurt our chances," he said. "It did, though, because everybody else made a
policy of using just very low-income families."

    Inverness was not eligible for a block grant this year because it is
spending a block grant awarded last year.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITRUS TIMES

                            Times Publishing Company


                             258 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            November 11, 2011 Friday

Home repair program gets grant

BYLINE: By HOWARD WEISS-TISMAN / Reformer Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 408 words


Friday November 11, 2011

WESTMINSTER -- A local nonprofit that helps low income property owners with
repair work will be able to continue the program after receiving a USDA grant
this week.

Southeastern Vermont Community Action, or SEVCA, was given a $50,000 grant
through the USDA Rural Development's Housing Preservation Grants Program.

The money will be used to do repair work on homes owned by low income, and
elderly and disabled, residents in southeastern Vermont.

SEVCA started the Emergency Home Repair program with stimulus money in 2009, and
Executive Director Steve Geller said the group wanted to continue the work after
the American Reinvestment & Recovery Act money ran out.

He said the $50,000, which covers more than half of the annual budget, will
allow the SEVCA staff to continue taking on projects.

Geller said SEVCA staff came up with the idea after learning that ARRA money was
available for community projects.

Prior to developing the program, weatherization staff would often go out and
find that the weatherization work was not feasible because a roof leaked or a
basement was wet.

The Emergency Home Repair program gives SEVCA money to bring in local
contractors to take on small repair projects which improve living conditions.

Last year they worked on 135 homes in Windham and Windsor counties, with the
average project costing about $2,000.

"This is not routine, cosmetic work," Geller said. "This helps us create healthy
and safe environments for people who are not able to take on the projects
themselves."

The SEVCA grant was part of just under $400,000 that organizations throughout
Vermont received for the home repair programs.

"Our investment under this program will leverage $733,000 of other sources of
funds to help low and very low homeowners and renters," said Molly Lambert,
state director at USDA Rural Development. "We are proud of our partnerships with
the organizations that serve these citizens of our state."

Geller said with the USDA grant, SEVCA can go out and win other grants, and seek
volunteer labor and materials to help low income home owners improve their
living conditions.

"This grant is an important piece in our budget," Geller said. "And these
dollars go a long way. For years we have had to walk away from weatherization
projects when the structures were not in good shape and now we can help and get
that work done."

Howard Weiss-Tisman can be reached at hwtisman@reformer.com or 802-254-2311,
ext. 279.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             259 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 27, 1983, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

BROOKLYN RESTORATION RECALLS BLACK HISTORY

BYLINE: By EDWIN B. LAKE

SECTION: Section 8; Page 7, Column 1; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 1044 words


ON a small lot in Brooklyn's Bedford-Stuyvesant section, a project i s under way
that will restore four simple 19th-century wooden h ouses to their original
appearance.

The houses, on a lot on Bergen Street between Buffalo and Rochester Avenues in a
scarred and blighted neighborhood, are both New York City and national
landmarks. They are also the remnants of Weeksville, a rustic and proud
19th-century black community.

Those involved in the restoration liken Weeksville, as a historic symbol, to
Williamsburg, the restored Colonial village in Virginia.  ''Williamsburg
represents the founding spirit of the fledgling America, and we believe that
Weeksville has that same spirit and can do the same thing in the New York
metropolitan area,'' said William Cary, restoration director of the Society for
the Preservation of Weeksville and Bedford-Stuyvesant History. ''It is an
inner-city Wiliamsburg. The same sense of defiance, self-reliance, self-esteem
and self-confidence is here.''

The community acquired its name from James Weeks, a black freedman from Virginia
who bought property around 1838 near where other freed blacks had been settling
since the turn of the 19th century.

Its boundaries, within which an estimated 30 to 40 families lived, corresponded
with what are now Fulton Street, Ralph Avenue, East New York Avenue and Troy
Avenue. The community was incorporated into the street grid of the expanding
City of Brooklyn after the Civil War.

The society, which owns the ''Hunterfly Road'' houses that are now being
rehabilitated, intends to establish a museum within them that will depict how
the residents lived and worked.

The houses have no distinct architectural style. They were built by laborers and
farmers who had no formal training in design or construction. They contain heavy
cornerposts and other elements of Colonial post and beam construction, but there
are also some components that resemble the frame-house style that evolved around
the turn of the century and is common today. When completed, all the buildings
will be box-like framed structures with clapboard siding and gable roofs.

''This job is different from any other restoration job I've worked on,'' said
Michael Devonshire, a 32-year-old restoration craftsman working on the Hunterfly
Houses. ''because it doesn't deal with high-style architectural details. We're
really dealing with low-level vernacular structures.''

In addition, there is the burden of making 19th-century housing meet modern
urban standards. Because the buildings are so simple in nature, said Tom Paske,
Mr. Devonshire's partner, ''it is very hard to adapt to New York building
regulations.''

''We are trying to make a very simple mid-19th-century shack conform to modern
housing requirements,'' he said.
THE restorers have to be conscious of fire codes, acceptable b uilding materials
and standards not in existence when the houses w ere built. Because the
buildings are landmarks, the restorers also m ust restore them to their original
form.

''It's what the average guy would build,'' said Mr. Devonshire of the Hunterfly
Road Houses, ''what the guy who looks at Popular Mechanics would build if he was
going to build an airplane. It would look something like a 747, but would have a
Volkswagen engine in it.''

So far, two of the four houses have been restored. The second of these, 1700
Bergen Street, posed substantial structural problems.  Two years ago, when the
metal sheeting that had been put on the house in 1975 for protection was
removed, the support for the south side of the building was found to have
completely eroded.

''The wall was hanging off the roof, which was supported by the north wall,''
Mr. Devonshire said.  The first step was to raise the building so the foundation
could be reconstructed.  ''The old foundation walls were built with fieldstone
laid-up in earth,'' said Mr. Cary, the restoration director. ''You had earth
mortar joints then, the joints were exposed on the face of the wall and that
joint was covered with a lime plaster mix that was painted on. So when we
scratched that away, we found that all we had was earth.''

To overcome this problem, they developed a special mortar mix, which provided
more adhesion to the walls of the foundation.  Windows were another problem. All
had to be replaced, and so craftsmen set to work on building all the windows on
the site to the specification of the original 19th-century design.

The restoration project began with $340,000, of which $300,000 has been spent.
Much of the money came from community block grants, which are administered by
the city's Department of Housing Preservation and Development. Because the
houses are designated landmarks, the project was also eligible for a grant from
the state's Office of Historic Preservation.

The society is now concerned that it may not have enough money to finish the
project. ''All of our major funding is coming to an end very rapidly,'' said
Joan Maynard, the executive director of the project. The Society for the
Preservation of Weeksville and Bedford-Stuyvesant History, she added, had begun
making appeals to the private sector for the estimated additional $500,000
needed to complete the project.

The society has many friends, though, one of them Anthony B.  Gliedman the
city's commissioner of Housing Preservation and Development, ''The city is
looking forward to doing its share to see that the project is completed,'' he
said. ''I'm very happy to be a part of it,''

Mr. Gliedman said he believed strongly that communities like Bedford-Stuyvesant
needed to be rebuilt both physically and in spirit. ''I don't believe that you
build a community with just bricks and mortar,'' he said. ''You build a
community around social fabric, you build it from history.''

Referring to problems posed by the project's unconventional scope, Mr. Gliedman
said, ''It's a headache I look forward to.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photo and map of project

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             260 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            February 9, 1997 Sunday

LENGTH: 561 words


MDU makes pledge for Bowl The Bismarck Community Bowl project recently received
a $25,000 pledge from the MDU Resources Foundation. The bowl, being built near
Bismarck State College, is scheduled for a grand opening in the fall and will be
a premier, multi-use facility for football, soccer, track and other outdoor
events. Robert E. Wood, president of the foundation, said that the pledge
represents his company's commitment to projects that enhance communities served
by MDU Resources' companies. Since its incorporation in 1983, the foundation has
contributed over $2 million to worthwhile charities and organizations.

Mandan agents receive honors Crop insurance agents of Farm Credit Services of
Mandan were named top premium producers of 1996 at American Agrisurance's recent
annual Awards Dinner. Farm Credit Services of Mandan was recognized as one of
the top 10 Farm Credit Services branches among the nearly 4,000 agencies writing
crop insurance with American Agrisurance.

Holding company beats record BNCCORP, Inc. recently announced record earnings
for the fourth quarter of 1996 of $657,000. This is an 82.5 percent increase
over the $360,000 recorded for the same period in 1995. Earnings for the year
ended Dec. 31, 1996, were $1.8 million as compared to $1.2 million for the year
ended Dec. 31, 1995. Total assets increased 20 percent from 1995 to a current
balance of 88.6 million. During the same period, gross loans increased 68
percent to a current balance of 203 million. Total deposits increased during the
same time period by 14 percent to a balance of $239.8 million. Bremer Financial
Corp. recently reported a net income of $8.1 million for the quarter which ended
on Dec. 31, 1996. That figure showed an increase of nearly $1.4 million or 20.6
percent from the $6.8 million earned in the fourth quarter of 1995. The
corporation serves more than 60 communities in Minnesota, North Dakota and
Wisconsin.

Grants available for housing Indian Tribes, nonprofit corporations and other
eligible organizations can apply for funds under the Housing Preservation Grant
Program, which provides grants to low-income rural residents. Funds cover
all--or part--of the cost of providing loans, grants or interest reduction
payments to eligible homeowners, owners of single or multi-family rental
properties or cooperative housing projects. Generally, the funds may be used to
reduce the cost to repair health and safety hazards, bring the dwelling up to
local building codes or improve handicap accessibility. No applicant can receive
more than 50 percent of the allocation. The deadline to apply is April 7. Those
interested should contact their nearest Rural Development Area Office or Barry
Borstad at the state office in Bismarck, 250-4771.

Purebred group reelects representative Will MacDonald, a Bismarck registered
Salers producer, was reelected to the North Dakota Stockmen's Association
Purebred Advisory Council recently. MacDonald, who has served on the council
since 1994, represents the Salers breed. The advisory council is a committee of
purebred cattle producers which works to promote the state's cattle industry
through the education of both purebred producers and their customers through
legislation, printed information and planned programs. This group organizes and
sponsors several events throughout the year for both producers and youth.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1997 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             261 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            February 9, 1997 Sunday

LENGTH: 561 words


MDU makes pledge for Bowl The Bismarck Community Bowl project recently received
a $25,000 pledge from the MDU Resources Foundation. The bowl, being built near
Bismarck State College, is scheduled for a grand opening in the fall and will be
a premier, multi-use facility for football, soccer, track and other outdoor
events. Robert E. Wood, president of the foundation, said that the pledge
represents his company's commitment to projects that enhance communities served
by MDU Resources' companies. Since its incorporation in 1983, the foundation has
contributed over $2 million to worthwhile charities and organizations.

Mandan agents receive honors Crop insurance agents of Farm Credit Services of
Mandan were named top premium producers of 1996 at American Agrisurance's recent
annual Awards Dinner. Farm Credit Services of Mandan was recognized as one of
the top 10 Farm Credit Services branches among the nearly 4,000 agencies writing
crop insurance with American Agrisurance.

Holding company beats record BNCCORP, Inc. recently announced record earnings
for the fourth quarter of 1996 of $657,000. This is an 82.5 percent increase
over the $360,000 recorded for the same period in 1995. Earnings for the year
ended Dec. 31, 1996, were $1.8 million as compared to $1.2 million for the year
ended Dec. 31, 1995. Total assets increased 20 percent from 1995 to a current
balance of 88.6 million. During the same period, gross loans increased 68
percent to a current balance of 203 million. Total deposits increased during the
same time period by 14 percent to a balance of $239.8 million. Bremer Financial
Corp. recently reported a net income of $8.1 million for the quarter which ended
on Dec. 31, 1996. That figure showed an increase of nearly $1.4 million or 20.6
percent from the $6.8 million earned in the fourth quarter of 1995. The
corporation serves more than 60 communities in Minnesota, North Dakota and
Wisconsin.

Grants available for housing Indian Tribes, nonprofit corporations and other
eligible organizations can apply for funds under the Housing Preservation Grant
Program, which provides grants to low-income rural residents. Funds cover
all--or part--of the cost of providing loans, grants or interest reduction
payments to eligible homeowners, owners of single or multi-family rental
properties or cooperative housing projects. Generally, the funds may be used to
reduce the cost to repair health and safety hazards, bring the dwelling up to
local building codes or improve handicap accessibility. No applicant can receive
more than 50 percent of the allocation. The deadline to apply is April 7. Those
interested should contact their nearest Rural Development Area Office or Barry
Borstad at the state office in Bismarck, 250-4771.

Purebred group reelects representative Will MacDonald, a Bismarck registered
Salers producer, was reelected to the North Dakota Stockmen's Association
Purebred Advisory Council recently. MacDonald, who has served on the council
since 1994, represents the Salers breed. The advisory council is a committee of
purebred cattle producers which works to promote the state's cattle industry
through the education of both purebred producers and their customers through
legislation, printed information and planned programs. This group organizes and
sponsors several events throughout the year for both producers and youth.

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1997 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             262 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              January 28, 1988, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

TENEMENT DEMOLITION PLAN ENDED

BYLINE: By DAVID W. DUNLAP

SECTION: Section B; Page 5, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 264 words


The Koch administration has temporarily shelved its plan to demolish a historic,
but derelict, apartment house in Brooklyn. Instead, it has offered what amounts
to a challenge grant to encourage preservation of the city-owned building.

City officials and private preservationists have already pledged $300,000, about
half of what is needed to save the abandoned, century-old Vendome apartments, at
Grand and Gates Avenues, in the Clinton Hill Historic District.

Mayor Koch has committed $200,000 from the city's housing budget. An additional
$100,000 would come as a low-interest loan from the New York City Historic
Properties Fund, managed by the private New York Landmarks Conservancy. That
loan is subject to approval by the fund's board, which includes city officials.

''The building is important and ought to be saved,'' said Gene A. Norman,
chairman of the Landmarks Preservation Commission. ''We also would like to see
that the money required to do a renovation is brought to the table.''

A month ago, officials of the Department of Housing Preservation and Development
said there was no way to rehabilitate the Vendome without driving up the cost of
apartments beyond the reach of middle-income tenants. The six-story structure
sits between two parcels on which middle-income housing is to be built.

Rather than grant permission to tear down the building, however, the landmarks
panel joined members of the Clinton Hill community in asking for more time to
find ways to save the structure. A tentative deadline of May 1 has been set for
the money-raising drive.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             263 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 5, 2008 Tuesday

Harnett: Animal control's authority extended

BYLINE: Michael Futch, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 416 words


Aug. 5--Harnett County Board of Commissioners

What happened: With Vice Chairwoman Beatrice Bailey Hill absent, the board
Monday approved by a 4-0 vote a municipal animal control ordinance that will be
used only in the towns and extraterritorial jurisdictions of Angier, Coats,
Erwin and Lillington.

Why it matters: The ordinance provides and defines authority of Harnett County
Animal Control within those four towns. "It just lets us take charge," Tino
Medina, supervisor of the animal control department, said after the meeting. "We
will be able to go in those towns and enforce the laws."

According to the ordinance, animal control will have "charge of protecting
citizens of those towns from rabies transmitted by unconfined, uncontrolled or
un-immunized animals, to regulate animals that may be a nuisance, to insure that
all animals are treated in a humane manner, and in the promotion of responsible
pet ownership and animal welfare."

Under the new regulations, it will be unlawful to hunt, trap or kill any animal
within the territorial limits of the towns. Trapping may be done only with
permission from the Harnett County Animal Control Department.

What they said: "The towns had leash laws but no way to enforce them," Assistant
County Manager Tony Wilder told the board. "Police officers will still be
involved." The police in the four municipalities will make first contact and
issue warnings when necessary, Wilder said.

"We think this is going to be a good effort," he said.

Other business: The board unanimously approved a project ordinance and grant
agreement for a Housing Preservation Grant program. The $90,000 USDA Rural
Development grant targets eligible households that are low-income owner-occupied
for housing repair over a two-year period. The county is required to provide a
$20,000 match.

Board Chairman Tim McNeill noted that a public discussion of the BRAC task force
plan and its potential effect on the county is scheduled from 5 to 7 p.m. Aug.
19 at the Harnett County Government Complex, 311 Cornelius Blvd. in Lillington.

-- Michael Futch

To see more of The Fayetteville Observer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.fayettevillenc.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, The Fayetteville
Observer, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080805-FY-Harnett-Animal-control-s-authority-extended-0805

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2008 The Fayetteville Observer


                             264 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            October 14, 2005 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Foundations Join City's Effort On Affordable Housing Loans

BYLINE: By JENNIFER 8. LEE

SECTION: Section B; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 484 words


The Bloomberg administration and five large foundations have set up a $40
million fund that is expected to help finance 30,000 homes for low- and
moderate-income people in the city over the next decade, the mayor's office said
yesterday.

The creation of the fund, which is expected to be announced today by Mayor
Michael R. Bloomberg, has drawn tentative commitments for more than $100 million
in additional low-interest-rate loans from banks, according to city officials.

In total, city officials expect that $200 million will be available for loans to
developers of affordable housing. To date, about $34.5 million of the $40
million has been committed, with $8 million coming directly from the city.

The program, known as the New York City Affordable Housing Acquisition Fund, is
being established because the chief source of that kind of housing -- 5,000
vacant lots claimed and sold by the city -- has dried up.

''The question was, what is Act II?'' said Florence A. Davis of the Starr
Foundation, which made a $12.5 million grant to the fund.

The fund will create housing units on a level similar to the last few years of
the vacant lot development program, said Shaun Donovan, the commissioner of the
city's Department of Housing Preservation and Development. In addition, the
financing will be used to buy a large number of rental apartments that will lose
affordable housing protections.

In the red-hot real estate market, affordable housing developers have been at a
disadvantage because they need time to line up financing, often from several
sources. Developers said they would use the fund to make rapid short-term loans
until more permanent financing is obtained.

''It's exciting that they've figured out a way to address this really
substantial barrier to affordable housing development,'' said Hilary Botein,
coordinator for Housing First!, a coalition that advocates investment in
affordable housing in New York City.

Affordable housing developers also have difficulty securing loans from banks
because of the high level of risk. The fund will act as an intermediary,
absorbing much of the risk of default, and thus will obtain loans at only 1
percent above the benchmark rate that banks use to lend to one another
overnight.

In addition to the money from the city and the Starr Foundation, the
Rockefeller, MacArthur and Ford Foundations, along with the Open Society
Institute, are providing loans at 1 percent interest for 10 years. The
Rockefeller and MacArthur Foundations are each providing $5 million in loans and
the Ford Foundation is providing $4 million.

''What is innovative is that it brings together in one facility for the first
time some of the best and most creative financing strategies that have been used
by Wall Street, by philanthropy and by government and community development
entities,'' said Judith Rodin, the president of the Rockefeller Foundation.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                             265 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                               May 2, 2004 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Transforming City's Housing: Act 2

BYLINE: By DENNIS HEVESI

SECTION: Section 11; Column 2; Real Estate Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 2426 words


TWENTY-TWO years after New York City launched a federally financed $50 million
plan to create 25,000 units of affordable housing, the program is winding down,
successful beyond the imagination of even many of those involved. The stock of
10,000 buildings that formed the backbone of the plan -- buildings seized by the
city for tax delinquency -- has been reduced to fewer than 800, and well over
200,000 housing units have been created or restored.

Now the city and the affordable housing community must struggle with the
question of what's next. It is a problem at the core of Mayor Michael R.
Bloomberg's $3 billion New Housing Marketplace program to build or preserve
65,000 more homes and apartments over the next five years.

''There's no single answer, no silver bullet,'' said Shaun Donovan, the city's
new commissioner of Housing Preservation and Development. ''It's not just the
dollars and the units, which are critically important. It's also about setting a
framework for where the new pipeline for development is coming from.''

The proposals and plans -- some are already works in progress -- include
extensive rezoning of manufacturing and waterfront property for residential use,
remediation of brownfield sites and building on vacant land that is either on
city housing projects or adjacent to them. Other notions call for a shift from
the construction of two- and three-family homes (a standard model for affordable
housing) to higher-density co-ops or condominiums; teaching developers used to
rehabilitating buildings how to perform ground-up construction; and retooling
financing instruments to cover the cost of acquiring property, now that
foreclosed properties are so scarce.

Already, Mr. Donovan said, ''Just the rezonings currently on the boards will
create room for thousands of new units.''

The assumption that city initiatives can lead to the creation of large numbers
of desirable homes for working-class people dates back, at least, to Jan. 14,
1982, when President Ronald Reagan, Mayor Edward I. Koch and 100 top business
leaders, recruited by David Rockefeller, gathered at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel
to announce the start of the New York City Housing Partnership. Over time, the
partnership would be seen as a keystone in the creation of a structure by which
major lenders, government subsidies, the expertise of local housing advocates
and, increasingly, community-based developers would be harnessed to build homes
for lower-income New Yorkers.

In the last 15 years alone, 212,000 new or rehabilitated homeownership and
rental units -- in broad swaths of full blocks and in-fill scatterings of two or
three here, four to eight there -- have infused new life and commerce into
still-struggling communities.

Extensive Privatization
Areas Restored Via Foreclosures

 The sites that have been rehabilitated were seized through a legal procedure
known as ''in rem foreclosure,'' and in the shorthand of the housing industry
they are widely called in rem properties. (''In rem'' is Latin for legal action
taken ''against the thing.'') Since 1986, the city's inventory of in rem
buildings has dropped by 92 percent and in rem units by 96 percent.

The transfer of those properties to for-profit and nonprofit developers,
Commissioner Donovan said, ''is quite simply the largest privatization of
housing anywhere in the country.''

And in a welcome offshoot of the process, a cadre of small community-based
builders has seized the opportunity to reseed their old neighborhoods.

Ten years ago, Desmond Emanuel, president of Landmark Projects Inc., was a
subcontractor doing the hammer-and-nail work assigned by established developers.
''Then we got introduced to the partnership,'' he said. ''They were interested
in small contractors redeveloping communities they either lived in or were
familiar with.''

Mr. Emanuel grew up in a railroad flat with three brothers and seven sisters on
Kelly Street in the Morrisania section of the Bronx. ''I played stickball on the
block,'' he said.

One of his first projects through the partnership was the development of 50
two-family homes around the corner from Kelly Street. ''That was 1996,'' Mr.
Emanuel said, ''and at the time they sold for $147,000. Now they go for
$300,000, minimum.'' Since then, his company has built 650 homes, mostly in the
Bronx and Upper Manhattan.

The Housing Partnership is certainly not the only, and not even the first, of
what are sometimes referred to as intermediaries -- organizations bringing
together public agencies and private lenders, developers and contractors. But
its basic financial model of transferring title of city-held properties to local
developers and organizations has become standard in the affordable housing
sector.

''The city provides land that's been taken in rem and turns it over to the
Housing Partnership for a minimum price,'' said Kathryn Wylde, a former
president of the partnership -- sometimes for as little as $1.

A developer designated by the partnership and the Department of Housing
Preservation and Development then designs the site and secures a construction
loan. The negligible cost of the land and public subsidies cover the difference
between construction costs and the home's market price.

''Typically, the gap between what the market would bear and the house price was
20 percent,'' said Ms. Wylde, who is now president of the Housing Partnership's
parent organization, the New York City Partnership, a leading business and civic
group. ''So if you built a home for $100,000, the most you could sell it for
would be $80,000. And the public subsidy would make up the difference in the
cost to the builder.''

''In most of the neighborhoods where we built,'' she added, ''this was the first
private financing for residential construction in 50 years. It had all been
public construction.''

Over the years, that basic formula would transform dozens of neighborhoods. ''It
worked as well on Staten Island's north shore as it did in the South Bronx or
central Brooklyn,'' Ms. Wylde said. ''It received tremendous support from the
City Council, the Legislature, governors and mayors.''

Denise Scott, director of one of the original intermediary organizations, the
Local Initiative Support Group, or LISC, is similarly impressed. ''Koch created
this affordable housing program, and it's actually continued with every mayor
since,'' Ms. Scott said. ''I don't think there's any other city that has
invested as much in housing development as New York. And it's a credit to the
city, phenomenal, in fact, that this kind of commitment has spanned many mayors,
Democrat or Republican.''

The New York office of LISC, an organization serving 35 cities nationwide,
opened in 1979. And through its portfolio of 50 community development
corporations, most not-for-profit, it has worked with the housing preservation
department to rehabilitate 20,000 units in apartment buildings in central
Brooklyn, the South Bronx and Harlem. At the same time, it has helped create
about 1 million square feet of commercial and retail space in those communities.


Doing 'Great Things'
Sick Blocks, Made Better

 When Deborah Wright wants to remind herself of what is possible, she goes to
140th Street between Adam Clayton Powell and Frederick Douglass Boulevards in
Harlem.

''It was dubbed the sickest block in the city,'' said Ms. Wright, who served as
housing commissioner from 1994 to 1996 and is now president of the Carver
Federal Savings Bank. ''There was a two-page article in The Daily News and that
was the headline, with a graphic showing the indices of distress: building code
violations, sick children -- it may have been TB -- the percentage of people
unemployed, drug incidents.''

Back then the city owned all but three buildings on the block. ''Most of the
tenants weren't paying rent,'' Ms. Wright said, ''and, in my view, appropriately
so because our service was so poor. Many buildings didn't have front doors,
certainly no operating intercoms; trash bags all around. It was the poster child
for what was wrong with our policy of holding onto these buildings.''

Eventually, through the Housing Partnership, the city handed over all its
buildings to a combination of local private property managers and a nonprofit
group, the Harlem Churches for Community Improvement. These days, the complete
internal renovations of the fully occupied buildings, their stylish facades and
canopies, their delicate detail work and the landscaped garden that once had
been a garbage-strewn lot, offer a joyful contrast to the past.

''We brought together the city's most prominent banks and small local
entrepreneurs, business people who were not typically on a first-name basis with
major lenders,'' Ms. Wright said. ''You get local actors in the same room with
major private resources and government as a third partner, and great things
happen.''

Now, with the city's in rem stock largely dissipated, but its affordable
development structure firmly in place, housing officials and advocates are
examining a panoply of possibilities to continue their work.

Rafael Cestero, director of the New York office of the Enterprise Foundation,
another leading intermediary, sees the need for a finely tuned piecemeal
approach. ''The tricky part of what's next is that the problem isn't so
visible,'' Mr. Cestero said. ''It's putting even more of an onus on us to hit
all the nooks and crannies where poorly run property still exists.''

The Enterprise Foundation, which opened its New York office in 1987, was the
creation of the late James Rouse, a Baltimore developer of planned communities
who, in his later years, turned toward producing homes for poor people.
Enterprise has created 15,000 units in New York City.

''A major challenge,'' Mr. Cestero said, ''is to purchase poorly run properties
so they can be refinanced and rehabilitated as affordable projects. The idea is
to work with financial institutions to develop early intervention strategies for
acquiring properties facing foreclosure.''

''If you get in early and work with the banks, you can save the cost and pain of
foreclosure to the bank and, frankly, to the landlord,'' Mr. Cestero said. ''You
either work with the existing landlord who really wants to do a good job or with
the bank to negotiate the purchase of the property prior to foreclosure.''

''There are literally thousands of units like that around New York,'' he said.

Larger Scale Actions
Using Rezonings And Other Means

 Commissioner Donovan is thinking on a larger scale. Under the mayor's housing
plan, he said: ''We have already, in partnership with City Planning, begun the
most aggressive rezoning the city has ever seen.'' The process, so far, calls
for a combination of upzonings -- which increase density -- and use changes for
abandoned manufacturing sites in East Harlem, Park Slope, Morrisania and parts
of Staten Island.

''We believe that just the rezonings recently completed or under way make room
for between 30,000 and 50,000 new housing units,'' Mr. Donovan said. ''And we
will be looking at many more in coming years.'' Some sites, he said, will
require varying degrees of environmental remediation.

At the same time, the commissioner continued, ''We have already worked with the
New York City Housing Authority to start revitalizing a number of their
properties.''

It is a notion that boggles the mind of Ms. Wright, the former housing
commissioner. It speaks of ''the remarkable success that the city, the private
sector and the community groups had in revitalizing what were considered tough
neighborhoods,'' she said.

''One constant in those neighborhoods is public housing,'' Ms. Wright said.
''Thirty years ago, no one believed you could sell a brownstone for $1 million
literally a block from public housing. Today, a $1 million brownstone in Harlem
is unremarkable.''

''Thirty years ago, nobody would have believed that land adjacent to Housing
Authority property would be attractive for homeownership,'' she added. ''The
time is right to blow away that myth.''

It could be co-ops or condominiums for lower-income people on those kinds of
sites, said Naomi Bayer. Ms. Bayer is both director of the New York office of
Fannie Mae, the mortgage-purchasing corporation, and chairwoman of the Housing
Partnership.

''I think we're transitioning from the traditional two- and three-family homes
that have been the model for the partnership over the past two decades into
multifamily homeownership options like condominiums and cooperatives,'' Ms.
Bayer said.

Two- and three-family homes have been the bellwether of the affordable housing
movement because they allow the home buyer to use the rental income from the
other units to help pay the mortgage. ''Condos and co-ops provide the
opportunity for more units on a single site,'' Ms. Bayer said. ''Each buyer
would benefit. So if it's a 200-unit property, there's 200 new homeowners on
that site. And there would be a similar subsidy model to what has been used on
the two- and three-unit properties.''

Whatever the complex formula, no one expects it to fully solve the city's
chronic housing squeeze. From 1990 to 2002, according to City Planning
Department statistics, the number of newly built units increased by 123,200.
Over the same period, however, census data indicates, the city added more than
154,000 households.

At the same time, according to the 2002 New York City Housing and Vacancy
Survey, 22.7 percent of all renters, or 460,000 households, pay more than half
their income in rent, and 14.3 percent of all homeowners, or 143,000 households,
pay more than 60 percent of their income for housing.

It took a lot for Carmen Liburd, 46, to afford her dream.

Ms. Liburd, a single mother of two daughters, worked day and night -- as a
teacher's aide and caring for children with cerebral palsy -- scraping together
the $20,000 down payment on a two-family partnership-built home on South Road in
Jamaica, Queens. ''It ended up being my birthday present,'' she said. ''We
closed two days before my birthday.'' That was in 1998.

While renting in the area, Ms. Liburd said, ''I saw the houses building up.''

''So,'' she said, ''I did the Joshua walk, like in the Bible when he walked
around the walls of Jericho. I put down some footsteps. That's how I claimed
that one day I would own one of these properties.''

Ms. Liburd is from the tiny Caribbean island of Nevis where ''people usually
don't pay rent,'' she said. ''They stay home with their family and save up to
buy, even if it's just a two-room house. That was the mentality, save to get
your own.''


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: 212 West 140th Street in 1994, and in 1996 after renovation.
Almost all buildings nearby have been restored after being in wretched
condition. (Photographs by L. Racioppo/New York City Department of Housing
Preservation and Development)(pg. 1)
Morton Place in the Bronx, before (1992) and after (1999) construction took
place through the new homes program of the New York City Housing Partnership.
(Photographs by L. Racioppo/New York City Department of Housing Preservation and
Development)
 Carmen Liburd and her daughter Larissa at their two-family home on South Road
in Jamaica, Queens, purchased in 1998 for $250,000. (Photo by Stephanie Keith
for The New York Times)(pg. 6)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                             266 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Laurel Leader-Call (Mississippi)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 27, 2010 Tuesday

Feeding the hungry: PRVO hands out 245 food boxes to the needy

BYLINE: Charlotte Graham, Laurel Leader-Call, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 492 words


Apr. 27--LAUREL -- A number of elderly Jones County residents gathered at the
Cameron Center in Laurel to receive free food boxes from Pearl River Valley
Opportunity, Inc. Monday.

Two hundred and forty-five people received the boxes through a program that will
supply food to qualified participants until further notice.

"The program is ongoing,"  explained Tensie Wheeler, manager of PRVO's Jones
County office. "Our plan is to distribute the food by the fourth Monday of each
month. We want to be consistent."

Established in 1965, PRVO is a private non-profit organization that helps people
rise above poverty through offering various services to enhance their education
and training, increase the opportunity to work and obtain decent housing.

In addition to Jones County, PRVO serves clients in Covington, Forrest,
Jefferson Davis, Lamar, Marion and Pearl River counties. Wheeler noted that PRVO
serves more than 2,500 Jones County residents per year.

Services and programs offered by the agency include the American Recovery and
Reimbursement Act (ARRA) program which provides education, training and
employment to people to help them become self-efficient; Before and After School
Care Programs; Community Service Block Grants; Emergency Food and Shelter;
Extended Day Early Childhood Development; Families First Resource Centers; Head
Start; Housing Construction, Development and Management; Housing Preservation
Grants; Intensive Youth Supervision Programs; Intermediary Relending Programs;
Low Income Home Energy Assistance Programs; Male Involvement; Minority Business
Enterprise Loan Program; Prescription Assistance Program; Positive Youth
Development; Rural Business Enterprise Loan Program; Section 5311 Transportation
Program; Services for Senior Citizens, Summer Child Care Services; Summer Food
Service Program; Weatherization; Youthbuild and much more.

PRVO is partnering with the Mississippi Food Network to provide the food boxes
through the network's Commodity Supplement Food Program (CSFP). The program is
administered under the direction of the Mississippi Department of Health.

Wheeler said on Monday qualified individuals received a food box, as well as a
small box of pasteurized cheese.

"The boxes will be available each month until further notice," said Wheeler. "We
will notify people when the program is terminated. They will also be contacted
if any changes are made in the program."

Those interested in learning more about PRVO programs or want to apply for the
food boxes may phone 601-428-3171 or 601-428-3173.

To see more of the Laurel Leader-Call or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.leadercall.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Laurel Leader-Call, Miss.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100427-LH-Feeding-the-hungry-0427

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LH


                       Copyright 2010 Laurel Leader-Call


                             267 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                 Walsh County Press (Park River, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  June 3, 2015

RRRC, Cavalier Housing Rehabilitation Project seeking applicants

BYLINE: Walsh County Press staff

LENGTH: 602  words


CAVALIER, N.D. -- Financial support is still available to low and moderate
income homeowners seeking assistance with health and safety-related repairs on
their homes. Applications are currently being accepted.

The Cavalier Housing Rehabilitation Project assists low and moderate income
families and individuals that would not otherwise be able to afford the cost of
repairs of their homes. The goal of the program is to bring homes into
compliance with federal health and safety standards, as well as state and local
building codes. In addition, the program helps preserve and improve the
structures to increase longevity and value in the community. There is no cost to
eligible homeowners.

Common repairs include roofing, windows, doors, plumbing, heating, electrical,
and safety items. Federal funding sources also require lead paint, fioodplain,
and historic preservation issues be addressed Based on previously completed
rehabilitation projects, it is anticipated an average of $12,000 will be
invested in each home. There is a graduated claw back provision in the program
for repayment of grant funds if homeowners sell their home within five years of
project completion.

As the project sponsor, the Red River Regional Council (RRRC) was awarded
$163,278 from Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) of Des Moines for funding in the
2014 Round of the Affordable Housing Program (AHP) for the Cavalier Housing
Rehabilitation Project. The funds were accessed through a FHLB member bank,
United Valley Bank. This brings the total awarded to the project to more than
$360,000. The City of Cavalier has contributed $11,500 to the project. Funds
have also been awarded by the RRRC and ND Department of Commerce through the
Community Development Block Grant program as well as USDA Rural Development
Housing Preservation Grant Program.

With the award of FHLB funds, a total of 22 homes are expected to be
rehabilitated as part of this project. At least 12 more applicants are being
sought to fulfill the grant award.

"We are very pleased to be awarded these funds to assist in helping even more
residents with much needed rehabilitation to make their homes safe and energy
efficient," said Drew Olafson, chair of the Cavalier Housing Committee.

The Cavalier Housing Rehabilitation Project is being led by the Cavalier Housing
Committee, which is chaired by Olafson. Other members of the committee include
Tom Ford, Darold Johnson, Rachel Morrison, Wayne Puppe and Corene Vaughn RRRC
staff Lori Estad and Stacie Sevigny work closely with the housing committee to
establish policies to manage the project, oversee implementation, and award
construction bids.

Interested residents are encouraged to apply as applications are being reviewed
and accepted in the order in which they are received.

To apply, a two-page application must be completed. The application is available
on the RRRC website at www.redriverrc.com. Applications can also be picked up at
the Cavalier Administration Building located at 301 Division Avenue North. In
addition, applicants must provide:

A copy of 2014 property tax statement to prove ownership If homeowners have
already paid 2014 taxes, a copy of the receipt should be included.

A copy of 2013 income tax statement, if applicable.

A copy of documentation showing proof of current social security benefits, if
applicable.

If employed, copies of pay stubs for the past three months.

All of the information is necessary in order to determine eligibility for the
program. Interested Cavalier homeowners can call RRRC staff members Stacie
Sevigny or Lori Estad at 701-352-3550 to seek information on eligibility.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WAL

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2015 Walsh County Press


                             268 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

            Copyright © 2009 The Georgetown Journal of Law & Public
                                    Policy
                 The Georgetown Journal of Law & Public Policy

                                  Summer, 2009

                  The Georgetown Journal of Law Public Policy

                          7 Geo. J.L. & Pub. Pol'y 571

LENGTH: 14924 words

NOTE: Home Robbery Congress and HUD's Taking of Private Property in Affordable
Housing

NAME: ERIC J. BUESCHER*

BIO:



   * J.D. expected, May 2010, Georgetown University Law Center. (c) 2009, Eric
J. Buescher.

 LEXISNEXIS SUMMARY:
 ... In a sixty-one page opinion laid out in extensive detail, the court found
that the claims of the eight plaintiffs were ripe for review, the use agreements
signed by some of those plaintiffs did not eliminate these claims by implying
compliance with the new laws, and that ELIHPA and LIHPHRA effected a taking by
preventing owners from exercising their prepayment rights.  ... Cienega VIII, IX
and X and Their Divergent Outcomes Analyzing the regulatory takings claims in
Cienega VIII, IX, & X requires looking at the application by the three courts of
the Penn Central balancing test to determine if a taking occurred.  ... In
determining whether a taking has occurred, both the Cienega VIII and Cienega IX
courts concluded that the character of the government action must be looked at
separately from any benefit that the property holder derived from that action
and that the extrinsic benefits applied only to compensation, not to the
determination of a taking.  ... Therefore, because the expectations of the
owners that could be tied to their investment were to use the property as a
terminal, and because the landmark regulation did not interfere with that use,
there was no frustration of the investment backed expectations of the owners in
Penn Central.  ... There may be many reasons for entering into affordable
housing programs, be they moral, a desire for tax credits from accelerated
depreciation to shield income from other aspects of a business or to opt out of
affordable housing after obtaining a friendly mortgage and sell a property on
the open market.

TEXT:
 [*571]  INTRODUCTION

   This note will analyze regulatory takings in the context of the Department of
Housing and Urban Development and Congress' restrictions on the rights of owners
of affordable housing projects through the lens of Cienega Gardens v. United
States.  n1 This chain of cases involves litigation beginning in 1994 that is
ongoing at the time of writing.  n2 The original claims were based on Congress's
enactment of two statutes, the Emergency Low-Income Housing Preservation Act of
1987  n3 (ELIHPA) and the Low-Income Housing Preservation and Resident  [*572]
Homeownership Act of 1990  n4 (LIHPRHA), which removed rights that owners
possessed to prepay existing mortgages. Owners of properties subject to the acts
sued the government claiming that the removal of rights constituted breach of
contract and a regulatory taking.

   This Note focuses on the differences in the Cienega VIII and Cienega X
opinions from the Federal Circuit in how they analyzed the regulatory takings.
Part I provides background on the affordable housing programs the owners entered
into and the ELIHPA and LIHPRHA statutes. Part II discusses the history of the
Cienega Gardens cases from the outset until the most recent Federal Circuit
decision in Cienega X. Part III analyzes the regulatory takings issues in
Cienega VIII and Cienega X, focusing on how the two decisions applied the
various tests available in dramatically different ways. Finally, the Note offers
a conclusion for going forward in the uncertain atmosphere of regulatory takings
litigation as a result of these divergent decisions.

   I. AFFORDABLE HOUSING LEGISLATION, ELIHPA AND LIHPRHA

   Congress originally entered the area of affordable housing during the Great
Depression with the National Housing Act of 1934  n5 which authorized the
creation of the Federal Housing Administration. The purpose of the this Act was
to promote home ownership during the depression, especially among middle class
families, by creating a scheme of low down payments and long term mortgages.  n6
The plaintiffs in the Cienega Gardens cases were owners under § 221(d)(3)  n7
and § 236.  n8

   As the Federal Housing Administration grew and evolved, its goals shifted
away from promoting middle class home ownership to providing housing for lower
income persons and families.  n9 These two programs provided mortgage assistance
and incentives for private investors to provide housing for low-income and
moderate-income families.  n10 Participation in the programs allowed investors
to obtain low interest rate mortgages which were federally insured and also
restricted the uses of the properties in many ways. Most significantly, the
owners were required to "construct and maintain housing in accord with
specifications of [HUD], to rent only to tenants at a HUD-approved income level,
to charge only HUD-approved rents . . . [and] restricted the investment return
such that owners could not earn more than an annual return of six percent on
their initial equity investment."  n11 The programs allowed the owners to borrow
up to  [*573]  90% of the cost of the project at interest rates ranging from 1.8
to 3 percent.  n12 The mortgages were signed by the owners and private lenders
but were subject to significant HUD regulation and approval. The mortgages
initially had a term of forty years. However, regulations at the time permitted
owners to prepay the mortgage after twenty years without HUD approval, thus
making the owner free of the restrictions placed on the property and allowing
the owner to convert it to market-rate rental housing.  n13 Additionally, all of
the mortgages signed by the plaintiffs in the Cienega litigation included this
early repayment right. The option to prepay the mortgages was one of the more
important factors in attracting investors to participate in the programs because
it offered "an exit strategy in twenty years."  n14

   In the mid-1980s, Congress became aware and concerned that many of the
low-income housing units in the country would become eligible for prepayment and
thus would be lost from the supply of low-income housing.  n15 As a result,
Congress passed the Emergency Low Income Housing Preservation Act which, among
other things, temporarily barred owners from exercising the prepayment option
without HUD approval.  n16 HUD could grant such approval only if certain
criteria mandated by ELIHPA were met. These criteria required HUD to make
"written findings that the prepayment would have minimal effects on the existing
tenants, the local low-income housing market in general, and the local housing
market for minorities."  n17 After the passage of ELIHPA, Congress made the
prohibition on unapproved prepayment permanent with the passage of the Low
Income Housing Preservation Resident Home Ownership Act in 1990. LIHPRHA's
restrictions with regard to prepayment were nearly identical to ELIHPA, but the
other options available to owners as a substitute for prepayment were more
onerous than the ones in ELIHPA.  n18 Thus, after the passage of ELIHPA and
LIHPRHA, it was "generally felt that it would require an extremely unique set of
circumstances to lead to HUD's granting permission for  [*574]  prepayment. . .
. [T]he option of prepayment [was] probably a fiction."  n19

   Finally, Congress reinstituted the right to prepay mortgages in March 1996
with the passage of the Housing Opportunity Program Extension Act of 1996
(HOPE).  n20 Owners who had not signed use agreements with HUD under the
previous two statutes were now allowed again to prepay mortgages without HUD
approval after twenty years.  n21 It is against this statutory backdrop that the
claims against the United States were filed by owners of affordable housing
projects alleging breach of contract and regulatory takings claims.

   II. HISTORY OF THE CIENEGA GARDENS LITIGATION, FROM 1994 TO TODAY

   When Congress abrogated the right to prepay mortgages after twenty years,
many owners of affordable housing projects filed suit.  n22 The Cienega Gardens
plaintiffs are a group of forty-two owners who filed suit in 1994.  n23 In
Cienega I the Court of Federal Claims, ruling on cross motions for summary
judgment, found the government liable for breach of contract and ruled that
there was no per se taking.  n24 In Cienega II, the Court of Federal Claims
extended its ruling in Cienega I, to twenty-one additional plaintiffs.  n25
Later in Cienega III, the court designated four model plaintiffs to conduct a
damages trial and awarded them just over three million dollars.  n26 Although
the court did not rule on the takings claim, the trial was significant because
it allowed the court to develop an extensive factual record with regard to these
model plaintiffs. In Cienega IV, the Federal Circuit reversed the lower court
and held that there was no privity of contract between the owners and the
government because the mortgage notes were between the owners and private
lenders.  n27

    [*575]  Once the contractual claims had been denied, the owners began to
pursue their takings claims arguing that the removal of the right to prepay
constituted a per se taking. The owners argued that there was a regulatory
taking which was tantamount to a permanent physical occupation because it forced
the owners to rent their property to tenants. In Cienega V, the court of claims
granted summary judgment to the government finding both that there was no per se
taking and other regulatory takings claims were not ripe for review because the
plaintiffs had failed to exhaust their administrative remedies.  n28 The Federal
Circuit affirmed in part and reversed in part in Cienega VI, ruling that summary
judgment for the government was appropriate with regards to the per se taking
claims but that the other regulatory takings claims were ripe for review.  n29

   In its analysis of the ripeness issue, the court questioned whether the
plaintiffs' situation satisfied the futility exception and therefore was not
required to exhaust administrative remedies by petitioning HUD to prepay their
mortgage.  n30 The government argued that the owners were required to file a
plan of action with HUD, as required by ELIHPA and LIHPRHA, and obtain a final
decision from HUD in order for the takings claims to ripen.  n31 The general
rule of law is that "[w]here agencies have discretion in administering
regulations, the requirement that complainants pursue administrative solutions
promotes the possibility that a mutually acceptable solution might well be
reached with regard to individual properties, thereby obviating any need to
address constitutional questions."  n32 This finality requirement serves the
purpose of "ensur[ing] that there has been an injury-in-fact."  n33 The
exception to this general rule was articulated by the Supreme Court in Suitum v.
Tahoe Regional Planning Agency.  n34 In Suitum, a plaintiff purchased an
undeveloped lot of land prior to the enactment of a land use plan, applied to
construct a house post-enactment of the plan, and was subsequently denied
permission to build. The Court ruled that the plaintiff did not have to pursue
other administrative remedies or obtain a final decision from the regulatory
agency.  n35 The Court stated that the futility exception applied "[b]ecause the
agency ha[d] no discretion to exercise over Suitum's right to use her land. . .
."  n36 The Federal Circuit found that the futility exception from Suitum
applied to Cienega plaintiffs because the statutory restrictions on approval of
prepayments prevented HUD from having any discretion and the "permissible uses
of the property [were] known to a reasonable degree  [*576]  of certainty."  n37
Therefore, the regulatory takings claims were ripe for review and the court
remanded the takings claims back to the trial court for further proceedings.

   In Cienega VII, in an unreported decision, the court of claims again granted
summary judgment to the government ruling that the owners of the property had no
vested property rights.  n38 The decision in Cienega VII was made sua sponte
based on a previous decision in the claims court with similar parties and facts,
Alexander Investment v. United States.  n39 The parties in Cienega VII had
agreed that Alexander Investment was controlling as a matter of law.  n40 The
plaintiffs again appealed and in Cienega VIII the Federal Circuit abrogated the
decision in Alexander Investment.  n41 Once the court had determined that there
was a vested property right and because of the extensive factual record
developed in Cienega III, the appellate court ruled that there was a regulatory
taking and reinstituted the three million dollar damage award from Cienega III
with respect to the four model plaintiffs.  n42 The Federal Circuit then
remanded the case back to the claims court for a complete trial on damages with
regard to the thirty-eight other plaintiffs where there was no factual record
available for the court to make a determination with regards to whether a
regulatory taking had occurred.

   On remand, the claims court conducted an in depth analysis of the takings
claims of eight additional plaintiffs, five of the thirty-eight remaining
Cienega Gardens plaintiffs and three additional plaintiffs from a related case
remanded from the Federal Circuit on the same day as Cienega VIII.  n43 In a
sixty-one page  [*577]  opinion laid out in extensive detail, the court found
that the claims of the eight plaintiffs were ripe for review, the use agreements
signed by some of those plaintiffs did not eliminate these claims by implying
compliance with the new laws, and that ELIHPA and LIHPHRA effected a taking by
preventing owners from exercising their prepayment rights.  n44 The claims court
conducted the analysis of the regulatory takings (after a twenty-two day trial
that included visits to all eight properties in question and took place in three
different cities) in accordance with the analysis conducted by the federal
circuit's three judge panel in Cienega VIII. The claims court awarded damages
against the government on the basis of the taking and the government appealed.

   Finally, in Cienega X, the Federal Circuit sitting in a seven judge panel
altered its prior decision in Cienega VIII.  n45 The remand from Cienega VIII
had instructed the claims court to conduct a trial to determine the
reasonableness of the expectations of the non-model plaintiffs and then to
determine liability and award damages if necessary.  n46 When the government
appealed that award of damages, the court in Cienega X conducted a new inquiry
into the legal analysis of the regulatory takings that was starkly different
from the analysis undertaken in Cienega VIII.  n47 Thus, after fourteen years of
litigation, more than half of it spent litigating the question of a regulatory
taking related to ELIHPA and LIHPRHA, the issue has been sent to the claims
court for a third time to determine whether a taking occurred and if so what
damages should be awarded. The decisions in Cienega VIII and Cienega X are
clearly not compatible, presenting a rather odd situation going forward in order
for the court and future litigants to determine what standards should be
followed in litigating regulatory takings cases at the claims court and the
Federal Circuit. Despite this oddity, the Supreme Court denied a petition for
certiorari to both the Cienega Gardens  n48 plaintiffs and the Chancellor Manor
n49 plaintiffs on August 1, 2008 and August 14, 2008 respectively. The next
section of this note turns to a comparison of the analysis of regulatory takings
by the Federal Circuit in its two decisions in Cienega VIII and Cienega X.

    [*578]  III. ANALYZING THE REGULATORY TAKINGS CLAIMS IN CIENEGA GARDENS AT
THE FEDERAL CIRCUIT

   The Fifth Amendment to the Constitution provides that "property [shall not]
be taken for public use, without just compensation."  n50 A regulatory taking
occurs when laws, regulations, or other government actions restrict the use of
property go too far and effectively deprive the owner of the property.  n51
Courts have addressed the regulatory takings claims in the Cienega Gardens
litigation in depth on three occasions,  n52 and the two times it has been at
the appellate court, the same groups of judges have reached starkly different
conclusions. In Cienega VIII, Chief Judge Michel wrote for a panel that included
Judge Newman and Senior Judge Archer. In Cienega X, Judge Dyk wrote for a panel
that included Chief Judge Michel, Senior Judge Archer and Judges Schall,
Gajarsa, Newman and Linn (the only Judge to sit on the panel who was not part of
the panels that heard Cienega VIII or Chancellor Manor).  n53 This fact makes
the outcome of the 6-1 decision in Cienega X even more surprising as there was
no dissent in either Chancellor Manor or Cienega VIII. Before taking an in depth
look at the analysis in these opinions, it is necessary to review the regulatory
takings cases that the federal circuit purported to be interpreting.

A. The Penn Central Balancing Test

   The preeminent decision in regulatory takings analysis is from the Supreme
Court in 1978. That case, Penn Central Transportation Company v. City of New
York, involved "whether the application of New York City's Landmarks
Preservation Law to the parcel of land occupied by Grand Central Terminal has
taken its owners' property in violation of the Fifth and Fourteenth Amendments."
n54 The prohibition in the Fifth Amendment against takings without just
compensation is "designed to bar Government from forcing some people alone to
bear public burdens which, in all fairness and justice, should be borne by the
public as a whole."  n55 Because this is an admittedly vague standard, the court
has held that determining when a taking has occurred requires "engaging in . . .
essentially ad hoc, factual inquiries,"  n56 but that there are "several factors
that have particular significance."  n57 These factors include the "economic
impact . . .  [*579]  on the claimant,"  n58 "the extent to which the regulation
has interfered with distinct investment-backed expectations,"  n59 and "the
character of the governmental action."  n60

   In Penn Central, the regulation in question was New York's Landmarks
Preservation Law, which identified specific buildings (approximately 400 total)
that needed to be preserved due to their character. One of these buildings was
the Grand Central Terminal which was owned by Penn Central. Penn Central wanted
to build office space on top of the terminal and proposed two plans for building
a skyscraper of more than fifty stories to the Commission which oversaw the
preservation and alterations of landmarks. The Commission rejected both plans,
and Penn Central filed suit in New York Supreme Court alleging that a taking had
occurred.  n61 Part of the Preservation Law provided for "transferable
development rights" (TDRs) in order to provide for some measure of economic
compensation in return for being unable to use a certain piece of property. The
question before the United States Supreme Court was first, whether a taking had
occurred, and second, whether the TDRs constituted "just compensation."  n62

   The Court ruled for New York City.  n63 In doing so, the Court considered
several arguments related to the three factors set out above. As to the
character of the government action, the Court concluded that when the
interference with property can be considered a "physical invasion by government"
a taking is more likely.  n64 In analyzing the character of government activity
the Court stated "government actions that may be characterized as acquisitions
of resources to permit or facilitate uniquely public functions have often been
held to constitute takings."  n65 The Court compared the regulation in Penn
Central to the action ruled a taking in United States v. Causby.  n66 In Causby,
"direct over flights above the claimant's land, that destroyed the present use
of the land as a chicken farm, constituted a 'taking,' [because the] Government
had not 'merely destroyed property but was using a part of it for the flight of
its planes.'"  n67 Thus the situation in Penn Central was different as the
Government was not using any portion of the property.

   In relation to the economic harm or diminution of value, Penn Central argued
[*580]  that because the airspace above the terminal is a valuable property
interest (like in Causby) that the Landmarks Law which prevented them from using
it had taken their right to do so and significantly decreased the economic value
of the property.  n68 The Court rejected this argument saying, "Takings
jurisprudence does not divide a single parcel into discrete segments and attempt
to determine whether rights in a particular segment have been entirely
abrogated. In deciding whether a particular governmental action has effected a
taking, this court focuses on . . . rights in the parcel as a whole."  n69 This
issue is known as "conceptual severance" and was rejected by the court in Penn
Central.  n70 However, it was upheld by the majority in the earlier case of
Pennsylvania Coal.  n71 The Supreme Court has not offered a final answer on the
question of when, if at all, conceptual severance is appropriate either in terms
of different property interests in a single property right, or in terms of
property interests severed over time.  n72 Further, the Court "uniformly
reject[ed] the proposition that diminution in property value, standing alone,
can establish a taking. . . ."  n73 Further, in relation to the diminution of
value of the property, the Court stated that the TDRs meant that the air rights
had not been abrogated and that while the TDRs "may well not have constituted
just compensation if a taking had occurred, the rights nevertheless undoubtedly
mitigate whatever financial burdens the law has imposed . . . and for that
reason, are to be taken into account in considering the [economic] impact of the
regulation."  n74

   Finally, the Court addressed the "investment backed expectations."  n75 The
[*581]  Court stated that the designation of the site as a landmark "not only
permits but contemplates that appellants may continue to use the property
precisely as it has been used for the past sixty-five years: as a railroad
terminal containing office space and concessions. So the law does not interfere
with what must be regarded as Penn Central's primary expectation concerning the
use of the parcel."  n76 Because the restrictions are "substantially related to
the promotion of the general welfare and not only permit reasonable beneficial
use of the landmark site but also afford appellants opportunities further to
enhance not only the Terminal site proper but also other properties" there was
no regulatory taking found.  n77

   Subsequent decisions by the Supreme Court and federal circuit have made clear
that there is rarely a categorical bright line rule in determining when
regulation goes "too far"  n78 and becomes a taking.  n79 As a result, each
taking claim presents unique factual inquiries and requires a well developed
factual record in order for a court to determine whether a regulatory taking has
occurred.

B. Cienega VIII, IX and X and Their Divergent Outcomes

   Analyzing the regulatory takings claims in Cienega VIII, IX, & X requires
looking at the application by the three courts of the Penn Central balancing
test to determine if a taking occurred. That test has three main parts, as
discussed above--the character of the government action, the economic impact of
the regulation and the distinct investment backed expectations of the property
owner.  n80

   1. The Character of the Government Action

   The first inquiry in Cienega VIII relates to the character of the government
action.  n81 In the opinion in Cienega VIII, the Federal Circuit concludes that
the  [*582]  character of the government action leans toward a rinding that a
regulatory taking has occurred.  n82 First, the court dealt with the rights
being taken away. In this instance, the plaintiffs argued that they had lost the
right to exclude tenants and the right to sell or lease to parties not included
in the affordable housing programs--akin to a right to transfer property.  n83
Since the right to exclude is "one of the most essential sticks in the bundle of
rights that are commonly characterized as property,"  n84 the character of the
government action is especially egregious and should be compensable as a taking.
n85 Further, the plaintiffs were able to convince the court that ELIHPA and
LIHPRHA were akin to a permanent physical occupation of their properties because
the government used the statutes to address a shortage of low-income housing.
n86 This characterization also helped lean toward a finding that there was a
taking, because under Penn Central, a taking "may more readily be found when the
interference with property can be characterized as a physical invasion by the
government . . . than when interference arises from some public program
adjusting the benefits and burdens of economic life to promote the common good."
n87 In this case, the government was akin to a holdover tenant, extending their
lease on the properties beyond the twenty year period to which the original
owners agreed to allow the government to use the properties to provide
low-income housing.

   In terms of the right to transfer the property, the court agreed with the
plaintiffs that preventing the right to sell or transfer the property to
whomever the owners wished was similar to the situation in Hodel v. Irving.  n88
In Hodel, the Supreme Court ruled that a statute which abrogated the right to
give even a small portion of property to one's heirs constituted a taking due to
the "extraordinary" character of the government's action.  n89

   In rejecting the government's arguments regarding the character of the
government activity, the court drew a large distinction between the purpose of
the government's action and the actions that the government took to implement
that purpose.  n90 While the court did not deny that the purpose of the
government  [*583]  activity--to promote the common good by providing low-income
housing--was entirely legitimate, it accorded no significance to that purpose
because the government failed to show that the actions that Congress took in
pursuing that purpose (enacting ELIHPA and LIHPRHA) were legal without
compensation.  n91 An action by Congress is a taking, unless its purpose is to
"prevent injury to the public welfare,"  n92 and it does not disproportionately
place the burden of providing a public benefit onto a few members of society.
n93 In the present case, while the purpose was to prevent injury to the public,
the enactment of the statutes placed that entire burden on the few existing
owners of affordable housing instead of spreading that burden throughout
society. Thus, the court concluded as a matter of law (there were no disputed
factual issues regarding the character of the takings) that the enactment of
ELIHPA and LIHPRHA had the character of a taking.  n94

   In Cienega IX on remand, the trial court applied the standard articulated in
Cienega VIII and found the character of the action leaned toward a finding that
a taking had occurred.  n95 The trial court inquired into "both the purpose of
the statute and the actions taken by the government to serve that purpose."  n96
The trial court conceded that the purpose of providing a public benefit by
maintaining an abundant supply of low-income housing may in fact be a wholly
legitimate governmental purpose.  n97 However, the character of the action in
attempting to achieve that purpose went beyond the scope of allowable action and
became a taking.  n98 The court made this finding for two main reasons. First,
HUD's actions in applying the statute seemed to be taken for the sole purpose of
delaying or prohibiting an owner from removing his property from the supply of
low-income housing.  n99 This was exemplified by excessive regulatory delays and
processes that made it nearly impossible for owners to opt out of the programs
or to transfer or change the use of their property both during and after the
time  [*584]  that ELIHPA and LIHPRHA were in effect.  n100

   Second, the court rejected the government's argument that the character of
the government's action was legitimate because there were benefits provided to
the owners in exchange for losing their rights to opt out.  n101 The trial court
stated that "Congress may not establish through an option that it will provide
value equal to forty, or fifty, or sixty cents on the dollar for a taking, and
thereby evade paying the constitutionally required just compensation."  n102 The
trial court concluded that any "extrinsic" value provided by statutory options
does not change the character of the government activity. That value should be
taken into account in determining whether just compensation had been paid, but
could not be taken into account in determining whether or not a taking had
occurred.  n103 This is an important distinction. In determining whether a
taking has occurred, both the Cienega VIII and Cienega IX courts concluded that
the character of the government action must be looked at separately from any
benefit that the property holder derived from that action and that the extrinsic
benefits applied only to compensation, not to the determination of a taking.
n104 The Cienega X court did not share this opinion.

   In Cienega X, the appellate court took issue with the analysis of when to
consider the extrinsic compensation provided in the statute. Citing Penn
Central, the court in Cienega X held that "offsetting benefits must be accounted
for as part of the takings analysis itself."  n105 The Supreme Court had done
exactly that in Penn Central, stating that the transfer rights (TDRs) which Penn
Central received from the statute in exchange for not being able to develop the
property above the building "undoubtedly mitigate[d] whatever financial burdens
the law has imposed . . . and, for that reason, are to be taken into account in
considering the impact of the regulation."  n106 This is the first place where
there is a real divergence between Cienega VIII, IX, and X. In analyzing the
trial court's opinion, the court in Cienega X concluded that the trial court
failed to consider  [*585]  the options available to the owners under the
statues. According to the court, the owners had two real choices once LIHPRHA
was enacted. First, they could sell the building at fair market value.  n107
Second, they could sign a use agreement which would provide the owner with
statutory benefits.  n108 These two options, according to the court, had to be
taken into account in determining the character of the governmental action.
n109

   This determination is problematic both from a legal and policy standpoint.
From a policy standpoint, the court points out that the burdens placed on owners
to sell or enter into use agreements are relatively small. The court says that
the process of selling the building according to the statutory time-tables was
relatively easy and not particularly time consuming.  n110 This, however, is
backed by very little evidence of an owner actually finding a purchaser and
selling the buildings. Further, there was a mandatory fifteen month window where
owners had to keep the buildings open to sale looking for a purchaser who would
continue to use the buildings as low-income housing, and then only after that
time could an owner prepay the mortgage.  n111 Practically, selling the
buildings was an option that very few owners would have had and one that was
very time consuming.  n112

   From a legal standpoint, requiring a court to look to extrinsic benefits
gives Congress the right to effect a taking, provide for some monetary incentive
of less than the fair value, and avoid having a court find a taking. Thus,
Congress could effect a taking whenever it wanted with little judiciary check to
ensure that the compensation provided was "just." This is precisely the point
that the  [*586]  trial court made in stating that Congress should not be
allowed to provide benefits of forty cents on the dollar in order to avoid a
taking.  n113 Further, it seems a stretch to consider the compensation available
in determining whether there was a taking when the Constitution specifically
provides that takings can only happen if there is just compensation. Allowing
the government to consider the compensation both in determining whether a taking
has occurred and whether an individual received an appropriate payment for that
taking essentially allows the government two bites at the same apple and
enlarges the scope of what could be a legal taking, while at the same time
decreasing the amount of compensation that would have to be paid.

   Finally, the decision in Cienega X is most troubling because the same court
had ruled in Cienega VIII, that the character of the activity leaned toward a
finding that a taking occurred as a matter of law. The dissenting opinion of
Judge Newman in Cienega X makes clear that there were not new factual issues
raised, nor new arguments made by the government.  n114 Further, the court was
not sitting en banc where it would have had the authority to overrule its
previous decision. Judge Newman argues that issues in Cienega X were limited to
whether the trial court properly applied the remand instructions of Cienega
VIII.  n115 Judge Newman believed, and appears to be correct, that the trial
court in Cienega IX, applied the conclusions of the appellate court in Cienega
VIII and that it is "singularly unfair to these plaintiffs" for the appellate
court in Cienega X to ask the trial court to go back and re-decide what had
already been decided as a matter of law.  n116 This is a compelling and
persuasive argument that is largely ignored by the majority opinion, which
states that the basis of its reconsideration of the issues comes from the
partial and limited factual record.  n117 Judge Newman believes that the factual
record is neither partial nor limited and is supported by thirteen years of
litigation, including a complete trial with a damage calculation and award that
the appellate court believed was complete four years earlier.

   2. The Economic Impact of the Regulation

   After the issue of the character of the government action comes the inquiry
into the economic impact of the regulation. In order for a taking to occur,
there must be a significant diminution in value of the property in question. In
Penn Central, the Supreme Court explicitly rejected the idea that a parcel of
land could be split into distinct parcels and said that the value of the
property must  [*587]  be looked at as a whole.  n118 Further, the Court held
that diminution in value alone can never be enough for a taking--that is, it is
a necessary but not sufficient criteria to finding a taking.  n119 In Cienega
VIII, the Federal Circuit (absent any objection from the government) concluded
that the previous determination in the trial on breach of contract of the lost
profit damages was an appropriate measuring stick for determining the diminution
in value of the plaintiff's properties.  n120 The court concluded that the
plaintiffs were limited to a 0.3% rate of return on their real equity
investment--a rate that was nearly thirty times lower than the rate of return
they could have expected had they been allowed to exit the program.  n121 This
loss was sufficient to tip/swing/etc. the Penn Central balance toward the
plaintiffs.

   The government argued that there were two reasons that this factor should not
lean toward the plaintiff. First, the government contended than anything less
than a 100% loss of value was not compensable as a taking.  n122 Therefore,
because the property was not rendered valueless by ELIHPA and LIHPRHA, there was
not a compensable taking. Second, the government contended that because the
prohibition on prepaying the mortgages was temporary, as a matter of law it
could not be a compensable taking because as soon as the prohibition was lifted
any lost value was immediately returned.  n123 The government cited to
Tahoe-Sierra as evidence of this being the state of the law of takings.  n124
The court rejected the government's arguments for two reasons. First, the court
rejected the government's assertion that only a total taking could be
compensable.  n125 Second, the court concluded that the government and the trial
court had mischaracterized the property that was being taken. The owners of the
buildings had not lost title to their property, and had never contended that a
loss of title was the reason they were suing for compensation.  n126 The owners
argued, and the court agreed, that the property interest was in the contractual
right to prepay the mortgage, which had been completely taken away, even if only
for the period of time until that right was restored.  n127

    [*588]  After the trial court followed the instructions on remand in
calculating damages using the return on equity approach that the appellate court
in Cienega VIII endorsed as correct, the subsequent appeal in Cienega X rejected
that approach in determining the economic impact of the regulation.  n128 The
court also considered that the failure of the trial court in Cienega IX to
include the limited duration of the taking in the economic analysis portion of
the balancing was an error.  n129 The first problem that Cienega X found can be
termed a "denominator" problem. The Supreme Court in crafting the Penn Central
test indicated that in determining the loss of value, a court must consider the
property "as a whole."  n130 Obviously, the plaintiffs in takings cases would
like to split the property into as many slices as possible and consider each
slice as a separate property interest. This makes the denominator of the
fraction much smaller and thus the percentage of the economic loss much larger.
In Cienega VIII and IX, the court used a return on equity approach and
considered the economic loss in terms of each individual year. By viewing each
year as a distinct property interest, the trial court found between 90% and 97%
of the value was lost.  n131

   The trial court found that LIHPHRA limited the amount an owner could earn to
six percent of its initial equity investment and then compared that amount to
what could have been earned absent the regulation and concluded that it was 8.5%
of the total equity. By characterizing the total equity as the potential
earnings and the initial equity as the statutorily limited earnings the court
compared two distinct kinds of numbers.  n132 This necessarily skewed the amount
of economic loss suffered by the owners because the total equity had been
growing for twenty years due to mortgage payments while the initial equity
remained limited. This resulted in the trial court awarding damages of $ 10.7
million to one plaintiff whose property was appraised at a total value of $ 7
million--an admittedly odd and inappropriate result, suggesting that the
government's regulation actually took more than the plaintiff had in the first
place.  n133

   Cienega X instructs the trial court on remand to consider the value of the
property as a whole as well as to use a different approach in determining the
loss of economic value. The court suggests two possible approaches to determine
the economic loss of value--either a comparison between the value of the
property with and without the restriction on the day the regulation took effect;
or, a comparison of the net income of the property with the restriction and the
[*589]  possible net income without the restriction over the entire useful life
of the property.  n134 It seems that either one of these approaches would more
accurately reflect the lost value of the property as they would take into
account the total value of the property, making the approaches more accurate as
a matter of calculation and more appropriate as a matter of law. Finally, the
court in Cienega X found error in the fact that the trial court did not consider
the length of the regulation. The plaintiffs who did not sign use agreements
under LIHPHRA were only affected by the regulation for between nineteen and
twenty-seven months.  n135

   Again, it is difficult to rectify the decision in Cienega X with that of the
same court in Cienega VIII and it is again troubling that the same court seems
to have overruled itself without new factual revelations nor new argumentative
approaches by either party, but in this case at least it appears to lead to the
more appropriate result. Here, it seems more appropriate to consider the
temporary nature of the economic loss instead of considering it only at the
compensation stage. This is because every governmental regulation will have some
temporary detrimental economic impact on a party and the government could hardly
be expected to be forced to compensate each party who is temporarily impacted by
each regulation. Thus, while under the first factor it seems unfair to allow the
government two bites at the same apple in assessing the extrinsic benefits of a
regulation, it makes much more sense to limit the economic impact analysis to
the time the regulation is actually in effect.

   3. The Distinct Investment Backed Expectations

   The final piece of the Penn Central test asks whether the owners of property
had a distinct, investment backed expectation that was frustrated by the
regulation.  n136 The purpose of this portion of the test is to ensure that
property owners seeking recovery actually purchased the property in "reliance on
a state of affairs that did not include the challenged regulatory regime."  n137
The test has been further narrowed since Penn Central to include an objective
standard of reasonableness.  n138 The Cienega VIII court separated this inquiry
into two parts, first asking about the actual expectations of the plaintiffs and
second asking whether they were reasonable.  n139 The question in relation to
the expectation, according to the court in Cienega VIII was whether a
"reasonable developer confronted with the particular circumstances facing the
owners would have  [*590]  expected the government to nullify the twentieth-year
prepayment right in the mortgage contract and in the regulations."  n140

   The question of the subjective expectations was analyzed based on the
findings of fact from the original trial in Cienega III and the court concluded
that the plaintiffs "intended from the beginning to prepay their existing
mortgage balances on the original prepayment date and convert their subsidized
properties to conventional ones."  n141 Further, the court found that the right
to prepay was "an essential aspect of Sections 221(d)(3) and 236."  n142
Finally, the trial court found that the plaintiffs' specific business plans
anticipated having a higher rate of return, and that the plaintiffs selected
specific properties to build subsidized homes with the greatest potential for
sale or rental or the conventional market.  n143

   In undertaking the question of reasonableness, the court started with the
assumption that because the prepayment right was in the mortgage contracts and
the regulations, believing that the right would be available was reasonable; it
then began to look for reasons why that assumption would have been incorrect.
n144 The government contended that because the regulations indicated that there
was a possibility that they could be amended, a change in the regulations was
therefore reasonable and it would have been unreasonable to assume that they
would not change over time.  n145 While this is true to a certain extent, the
court rejected the argument as a blanket rule and found that there are certain
changes that would have been "outside of the realm of the reasonably expected."
n146 The court goes on to conclude that abrogating the prepayment right was such
an "unexpected change."  n147 The court concludes that this was an unexpected
change for two reasons: first, the terms in the contract were deemed to be
material; second, the only regulations and legislation enacted at the time all
referred to a right to prepay after twenty years and referred to the right of
the Secretary to release mortgagors from their obligations at any time he saw
fit.  n148

   The government's arguments focused largely on the claim that no reasonable
owner could have assumed that Congress would not abrogate the prepayment right
if Congress was faced with a shortage in the supply of affordable housing. In
support of this argument, the government points to the fact that the plaintiffs
[*591]  knew they were entering into a highly regulated field that was subject
to "congressional interest and attention."  n149 The court rejected this
argument because, while it would have been unreasonable to assume that Congress
would have allowed the supply of affordable housing to be drastically reduced,
it was also reasonable to assume that Congress had many other options available
other than repudiating a material term in a contract entered into by existing
owners.  n150 For example, Congress could have funded new mortgage insurance to
encourage new investors, offered more incentives for current investors to
continue the program, funded the construction of affordable housing itself
without outside investment or any number of other possible solutions, most of
which had been undertaken by Congress previously.

   Finally, the court rejected the government's argument that a regulated
industry should preclude a finding of reasonable investment backed expectations.
While some regulatory changes are certainly to be expected in any regulated
industry, it "does not mean that all regulatory changes are reasonably
foreseeable or that regulated business can have no reasonable investment backed
expectations whatsoever."  n151

   In Cienega X, the appellate court reviewed the trial courts discussion of
reasonable expectations after Cienega VIII, and concluded that the expectations
were subjectively made and were objectively reasonable.  n152 This is one of the
few occasions in Cienega X where that court explicitly endorsed a finding from
both Cienega VIII and IX. However, the court does not stop there, instead going
forward to ask the final portion of the Penn Central test in attempting to
determine whether those reasonable expectations were "investment backed."  n153
Three factors inform whether reasonable expectation were investment backed.
First, the actual investment in the property. Second, the benefits that the
owners could have reasonably expected at the time of investment. Third, what
portion of those expected benefits were taken away by the change in the
regulatory regime.  n154

   The court finds is support for this approach in Penn Central's creation of
the investment backed expectations prong. In Penn Central, the Supreme Court
found that there were no distinct investment backed expectations because at the
[*592]  time the terminal was purchased, and for the next sixty-five years, it
was used as nothing but a train terminal. Since the landmark designation did not
interfere with the use of the property as a train terminal, the regulation also
"did not interfere with the interests that were sufficiently bound up with the
reasonable expectations of the claimant,"  n155 and the "designation as a
landmark . . . contemplate[d] that appellants [could] continue to use the
property precisely as it ha[d] been used for the past 65 years."  n156
Therefore, because the expectations of the owners that could be tied to their
investment were to use the property as a terminal, and because the landmark
regulation did not interfere with that use, there was no frustration of the
investment backed expectations of the owners in Penn Central. The government
thus contended that an investment backed expectation must be the "primary"
expected use of the property and that in the present case the primary use was to
provide affordable housing.  n157 The owners argued that the test for whether
the expectation was investment backed should be a "but for" test--i.e. would the
owner have invested in the property but for the expectation that it could be put
to a certain use at some point in the future.  n158 The court declined to decide
which standard would be appropriate, and instead remanded for further findings
both on (1) whether the prepayment right was the "primary" or "but for"
investment motive, and (2) whether it would have been necessary for the
prepayment right to be absolute or restricted in order for it to function as
that incentive.  n159

   Thus the court in Cienega X remanded back to the trial court for further fact
findings on the four main questions. First, the trial court was asked to
consider the effect of the diminution of value in relation to the property as a
whole, instead of slicing the economic losses into yearly segments and not to
use the return on equity approach that was adopted by Cienega VIII and used in
Cienega IX.  n160 Second, the trial court was asked to consider the offsetting
benefits available to the owners in conjunction with the legislation in
determining whether the character of the government action represented a taking,
instead of considering those benefits in determining the amount of compensation
that would be just if a taking had occurred.  n161 Third, the trial court was
instructed to consider the limited duration that the legislation was in effect
in determining the  [*593]  economic impact of the legislation as most of the
property owners were impacted for a period of time less than twenty-seven
months.  n162 Finally, the trial court was asked to examine the nexus between
the investment in the affordable housing program and the expectation in the
unrestricted right to prepay the mortgage after twenty years to determine if it
was the primary, but-for, or some other level of expected use.  n163

   IV. GOING FORWARD AFTER CIENEGA X AND DRAWING CONCLUSIONS

   In analyzing the differences between Cienega VIII and Cienega X by the same
court and most of the same judges, there seem to be four important conclusions
to draw. First, it appears that the court in Cienega X applies the Penn Central
test more appropriately and with more insightful analysis than the court in
Cienega VIII. Second, Judge Newman's dissent in Cienega X also appears to be
correct in concluding that the court in Cienega X is stepping beyond its bounds
by overruling itself while not sitting en banc and changing its conclusions of
law so drastically from Cienega VIII, which offers an odd contradiction to the
first conclusion as it indicates that both the majority and dissent are correct
despite coming to opposite conclusions. Third, despite the seeming contradictory
nature of the two opinions, Cienega X does not close the door to a subsequent
finding that a taking occurred. The outcome of the next trial doesn't
necessarily change from the outcome of Cienega IX. Cienega X merely articulates
a different method for determining whether a taking occurred. Admittedly,
however, it is much more difficult for the plaintiffs to win on a takings claim
under this method. Finally, in searching for a reason for the differing analysis
and conclusions, it appears that a large reason has to do with the failure of
the government to effectively litigate and argue Cienega VIII which they seem to
have rectified in arguing Cienega X.

   As discussed in Part IV, the court's application of both the economic impact
and the investment backed expectations in Cienega X appears to be more in line
with the Penn Central test's intent. It makes more sense to construe the value
of the parcel as a whole; otherwise any plaintiff will be able to succeed in
showing an enormous economic, impact by splitting their property interests
physically (as the plaintiffs in Penn Central tried to do) or temporally.  n164
There is a large difference between losing profits for six months as a result of
a regulation and losing the ability to profit for the rest of the useful life of
a building; and a plaintiff should not be able to view both situations as 100%
loss of economic value simply by limiting the denominator to whatever portion
suits their interests. Further, it also is important (as well as appearing to be
required by Penn  [*594]  Central) to look at the tie between the expectations
and the investment at the original time of the investment. There may be many
reasons for entering into affordable housing programs, be they moral, a desire
for tax credits from accelerated depreciation to shield income from other
aspects of a business or to opt out of affordable housing after obtaining a
friendly mortgage and sell a property on the open market. This was not addressed
by Cienega VIII and is an important part of the takings analysis. Unfortunately,
the remand will also require the trial court to allow the government to use
extrinsic benefits from the statutes as a way to show that the character of the
action was not similar to a taking. As discussed above this seems both illogical
and unfair to plaintiffs as it allows the government to avoid paying just
compensation by paying unjust compensation at the outset prior to a finding of a
taking.

   The other main problem with the court's conclusions in Cienega X is well
argued in the dissent and discussed above. If the court wanted to analyze the
Penn Central test as it did in Cienega X, it should have done so the first time
it was presented with the issues in Cienega VIII. It is, as Judge Newman says,
wholly unfair to these plaintiffs to force them to go back to trial and
relitigate issues that have been raised before simply because the court in
Cienega VIII didn't conduct enough of an in depth analysis of the issues.  n165
The plaintiffs filed suit originally in 1994, and as of 2008 were rebuffed by
the Supreme Court after Cienega X and forced to go back to trial and start over.
However, as unfair as this is, it also would seem to be unjust to rely on a
decision by the appellate court that was not well thought out or in depth
enough. This, ultimately, is a problem with Cienega VIII, however, not with
Cienega X.

   In an attempt to make the conclusions of the appellate court make sense,
considering it was largely the same judges who reached different conclusions, it
is worth noting that there is a distinct possibility this was a result of the
government's attorneys failing to effectively litigate the matter on the
original appeal in Cienega VIII. The opinion in Cienega VIII makes reference to
the government either not contesting, advancing no argument, or advancing
limited arguments on point, on fifteen different occasions in its discussion of
the Penn Central test.  n166 Further, the court was incredulous at some of the
arguments  [*595]  offered by the government at oral argument.  n167 There is
some chance that the sweeping nature of the Cienega VIII opinion was not
expected by the government as it was an appeal of summary judgment granted to
the government by the trial court which would offer some explanation as to why
there was seemingly so little advanced by the government at argument on appeal.
This goes some way to explaining why the court in Cienega VIII seemed so willing
to accept all of the plaintiff's arguments, as they appear to be lightly refuted
or only refuted by grand, sweeping statements that the court is not impressed
by.

   Finally, it is important to note that there is nothing in Cienega X which
would bind the trial court to reach a conclusion that there is no taking. In
applying the Penn Central test, while the Cienega X opinion has certainly raised
the bar for the plaintiffs higher than the opinion in Cienega VIII did, there is
still an opportunity for a court to rule that a taking occurred. At first
glance, the opinions in Cienega VIII and X seem to be unbelievably contradictory
and at odds with each other, but further review indicates that the Cienega X
court was more concerned with applying the Penn Central test appropriately than
finding no taking.

Legal Topics:

For related research and practice materials, see the following legal topics:
Administrative LawJudicial ReviewReviewabilityRipenessGovernmentsCourtsCourts of
ClaimsReal Property LawInverse CondemnationGeneral Overview

FOOTNOTES:





n1  Cienega Gardens v. United States, 331 F.3d 1319 (Fed. Cir. 2003); Cienega
Gardens v. United States, 67 Fed. Cl. 434 (2005); Cienega Gardens v. United
States, 503 F.3d 1266 (Fed. Cir. 2007). These cases are referred to as Cienega
VIII, Cienega IX and Cienega X, respectively.





n2  The original complaint was filed in the Court of Federal Claims in 1994 on
both contract and takings grounds. Cienega Gardens, 331 F.3d at 1324. Cienega X
was decided on September 25, 2007 and a petition for writ of certiorari was
denied by the Supreme Court on August 1, 2008 (2008 W.L. 512725). The decision
in Cienega X remanded claims regarding regulatory takings back to the trial
court for further analysis.





n3  Pub. L. No. 100-242, 101 Stat. 1877 (1988).





n4  Pub. L. No. 101-625, 104 Stat. 4249 (1990).





n5  Nat'l Hous. Act, Pub. L. No. 73-479, 48 Stat. 1246 (1934).





n6  Lawrence L. Thompson, A HISTORY OF HUD 2 (2006), available at
http://mysite.verizon.net/hudhistory/hud_history.pdf.





n7  Pub. L. No. 87-70, 75 Stat. 149 (1961).





n8  Pub. L. No. 90-448, 82 Stat. 476 (1968).





n9  See Thompson, supra note 6, at 4-5.





n10  Cienega Gardens v. United States, 67 Fed. Cl. 434, 439 (2005).





n11  Id. at 439-40.





n12  Id.





n13  See id. at 440.





n14  Id. at 440 n.7 (quoting the trial testimony of W. Dockser, Deputy Assistant
Secretary of HUD and Federal Housing Administration Commissioner from 1969 to
1972). A more thorough discussion of the importance of the prepayment option is
found infra Part IV discussing the investment backed expectations of the owners
in relation to the balancing tests for regulatory takings.





n15  Id. at 440. "330,000 low income housing units insured under sections
221(d)(3) and 236 of the National Housing Act could be lost as a result of the
termination of low income affordability restrictions." Id. (citing Emergency Low
Income Housing Preservation Act of 1987, Pub. L. No. 100-242, § 202(a)(1), 101
Stat. 1877 (1988)).





n16  Donald C. Guy & James E. Holloway, Cienega Gardens v. United States VIII:
Finding a Temporary Taking and Just Compensation for the Burdensome Economic
Effects of Federal Housing Regulation, 35 REAL EST. L.J. 420, 424 (2006).





n17  See Cienega Gardens v. United States (Cienega VI), 265 F.3d 1237, 1241
(2001).





n18  For example, ELIHPA allowed owners to sign a use agreement extending the
restrictions on the property for the life of the forty year mortgage whereas use
agreements under LIHPRHA extended the restrictions for the useful life of the
property. Compare Pub. L. No. 100-242, 101 Stat. 1877 (1988) with Pub. L. No.
101-625, 104 Stat. 4249 (1990). See also Cienega Gardens v. United States, 265
F.3d at 1241-42.





n19  Sheldon P. Winkelman, Low-Income Housing Preservation and Resident
Ownership Act of 1990, 73 MICH. B.J. 1160, 1161-62 (1994); see also Cienega
Gardens v. United States 265 F.3d at 1242-43 (laying out likely percentage rent
increases). If the rent increase was more than ten percent HUD was required by
statute to deny the request to prepay. The plaintiffs in the Cienega litigation
would have had rent increases ranging from 63 to 78 percent. A more detailed
discussion of the approval process discussion of ripeness is in Parts III and
IV.





n20  Pub. L. No. 104-120, 110 Stat. 834 (1996). The court in Cienega IX notes
that despite the renewal of the prepayment right in 1996, HUD delayed allowing
owners who had not signed new use agreements under ELIHPA or LIHPRHA until the
next year when the appropriations for HUD again stated that the prepayment right
had been renewed. See Cienega Gardens v. United States, 67 Fed. Cl. 434, 445-46.





n21  Pub. L. No. 104-120, 110 Stat. 834, 835-36 (1996); see also Cienega Gardens
v. United States, 67 Fed. Cl. 434, 445-46 ("HOPE conditioned HUD's use of funds
on, among other things, permitting eligible owners to prepay their mortgages,
provided they agreed to wait at least sixty days before raising rents.").





n22  See Petition for Writ of Certiorari, Cienega Gardens v. United States, 2008
W.L. 512725 (2008) (No. 07-1100). HUD estimates that there are approximately 200
similar cases filed regarding contractual and takings claims on the right to
prepay mortgages.





n23  Cienega Gardens v. United States 33 Fed. Cl. 196 (1995).





n24  Id. at 210, 217.





n25  Cienega Gardens v. United States (Cienega II), 37 Fed. Cl. 79, 80 (1996).





n26  Cienega Gardens v. United States (Cienega III), 38 Fed. Cl. 64, 89 (1997).





n27  Cienega Gardens v. United States (Cienega IV), 194 F.3d 1231, 1234 (Fed.
Cir. 1998).





n28  Cienega Gardens v. United States (Cienega V), 46 Fed. Cl. 506, 509 (2000).





n29  Cienega Gardens v. United States (Cienega VI), 265 F.3d 1237, 1239 (Fed.
Cir. 2001).





n30  Id. at 1246.





n31  Id. at 1244.





n32  Id. at 1245 (internal quotations and citations omitted).





n33  Id. (internal quotations and citations omitted).





n34  520 U.S. 725 (1997).





n35  Id. at 739.





n36  Id.





n37  Cienega Gardens v. United States (Cienega VI), 265 F.3d 1237, 1242-43, 1246
(Fed. Cir. 2001). See also Winkelman, supra note 19.





n38  Cienega Gardens v. United States, No. 94-1C (Fed. Cl. Jan. 8, 2002); see
Cienega Gardens v. United States (Cienega IX), 67 Fed. Cl. 434, 457 (2005).
Cienega IX has a lengthy and detailed discussion of the procedural history of
the litigation.





n39  51 Fed. Cl. 102 (2001). In Alexander Investment, a group of plaintiffs sued
alleging that ELIHPA and LIHPRHA had enacted a taking of their contractual right
to prepay mortgages. On the government's motion for summary judgment, the Court
of Federal Claims ruled that the plaintiffs had no vested property right to
prepay the mortgages after twenty years without approval from HUD which was the
basis for the takings claim.





n40  See Cienega Gardens v. United States (Cienega VIII), 331 F.3d 1319,
1323-24, n.1 (Fed. Cir. 2003).





n41  Id. at 1328. The court in Cienega VIII asked two questions, only one of
which was controlled by Alexander Investment. In abrogating the decision in
Alexander Investment the court ruled that the plaintiffs had a vested property
right in their contractual right to prepay. The court rejected the government's
position with some incredulity and made very clear that the contractual right to
prepay was a property right, and that it vested as soon as the contract (in this
case the mortgage) was signed. This specific issue is beyond the scope of this
note, except to mention that in order for a taking to exist there must be a
vested property right. Cienega VIII ruled that there was a vested right for the
model plaintiffs and the court in Cienega IX found that there was a vested right
for the plaintiffs in that case. That conclusion was not questioned in Cienega
X.





n42  Id. at 1353-54. A thorough discussion of the takings analysis of this
decision follows in the next section.





n43  Chancellor Manor v. United States, 331 F.3d 891 (Fed. Cir. 2003) was
remanded with nearly identical analysis and instructions on the same day as
Cienega VIII was decided. The two cases were consolidated by the claims court
and became the basis for the Cienega IX decision. For the sake of simplicity,
the Chancellor Manor plaintiffs and Cienega Gardens plaintiffs in Cienega IX
will be referred to as one group. The Federal Circuit was unable to make a
determination as to whether there had been a regulatory taking with regard to
the Chancellor Manor plaintiffs because there was no factual record from a
previous trial.





n44  Cienega Gardens v. United States (Cienega IX), 67 Fed. Cl. 434 (2005).
Again, the issue of ripeness is beyond the scope of this note, as is the issue
of whether the use agreements effected accord and satisfaction. Neither of these
conclusions of the claims court was questioned in Cienega X.





n45  503 F.3d 1266 (Fed. Cir. 2007). The court was not sitting en banc, the
panels from the two prior cases (Cienega VIII and Chancellor Manor) were merely
consolidated together, a point that the dissent in Cienega X makes. Id. at 1294
n.1 (Newman, J., dissenting).





n46  Cienega VIII, 331 F.3d at 1354.





n47  It is pertinent to note here that the decision in Cienega X did not change
the damage award to the four model plaintiffs at issue in Cienega VIII. The
Claims court entered judgment for those plaintiffs separately from the trial of
the eight plaintiffs at issue in Cienega IX.





n48  129 S. Ct. 17 (2008).





n49  129 S. Ct. at 18.





n50  U.S. CONST. amend. V.





n51  Pennsylvania Coal Co. v. Mahon, 260 U.S. 393, 415 (1922) ( "The general
rule . . . is that while property may be regulated to a certain extent, if the
regulation goes too far it will be recognized as a taking.").





n52  The Federal Circuit in Cienega VIII and Cienega X and the claims court in
Cienega IX, applying and extending the rationale of the decision in Cienega
VIII. This does not include the in depth discussion of ripeness that occurred in
Cienega VI at the Federal Circuit.





n53  In the related case, Chancellor Manor, the Judges were Schnall, Gajarsa and
Dyk. 331 F.3d at 893.





n54  Penn Cent. Transp. Co. v. City of New York, 438 U.S. 104, 107 (1978).





n55  Armstrong v. United States, 364 U.S. 40, 49 (1960).





n56  Penn Cent. 438 U.S. at 124.





n57  Id.





n58  Id.





n59  Id.





n60  Id.





n61  Id. at 107-19.





n62  Id. at 122.





n63  Id. at 137.





n64  Id. at 125. See Loretto v. Teleprompter Manhattan CATV, 458 U.S. 419, 426
(1982). In Loretto the Supreme Court held that a landlord in New York City was
entitled to compensation for a taking because a statute required that landlords
of rental properties allow cable companies to install cables on the building.
The court ruled that despite the small size of the cable it was a physical
occupation and thus a compensable taking.





n65  Id. at 128 (internal quotations and citations omitted).





n66  328 U.S. 256 (1946).





n67  Penn Central, 438 U.S. at 128 (internal quotations and citations omitted).





n68  Id. at 130. "They urge that the Landmarks Law has deprived them of any
gainful use of their 'air rights' above the terminal and that, irrespective of
the value of the remainder of the parcel, the city has taken their right to this
superadjacent airspace, thus entitling them to just compensation measured by the
fair market value of these rights" (emphasis added).





n69  Id. at 130-31.





n70  Id.





n71  In Penn Coal, the majority found a taking because the Act in question
"abolished" a portion of a property right owned by coal companies. Penn Coal Co
v. Mahon 260 U.S. 393, 414 (1922). However, the dissent in the case argued the
statute had not "abolished" a separate property right at all but instead had
merely taken a small portion of the entire property. The "rights of an owner as
against the public are not increased by dividing the interests in his property.
. . . The sum of the rights in the parts can not be greater than the rights in
the whole." Id. at 419, (Brandeis, J., dissenting).





n72  See JESSE DUKEMINIER, et al., PROPERTY 989, 1003, 1022-23, 1038 (6th ed.
2006). See also Tahoe-Sierra Preservation Council, Inc. v. Tahoe Regional
Planning Agency, 535 U.S. 302 (2002) (rejecting temporal severance as a basis
for proving total loss of value of property); Lucas v. South Carolina, 505 U.S.
1003 (1992) (allowing severance to prove total loss of value of property because
owner was no longer allowed to build on the property); Penn Cent. Transp. Co. v.
City of New York, 438 U.S. 104, 128 (1978) (rejecting conceptual severance);
Penn Coal, 260 U.S. at 414 (allowing conceptual severance).





n73  Penn Central, 438 U.S. at 131. This is obvious largely in the legality of
zoning restrictions and other regulation permits, for example.





n74  Id. at 137. This is consistent with previous interpretations of regulatory
takings. In Pennsylvania Coal Co. v. Mahon, the Supreme Court rejected a takings
claim in part because of what Justice Holmes termed an "average reciprocity of
advantage." 260 U.S. 393, 415 (1922). The logic behind this is that apparent
losers under a government program arguing for a taking can be simultaneously
benefitted by the same action which burdens them. See also DUKEMINIER, et al.,
PROPERTY 988.





n75  Penn Central, 438 U.S. at 127.





n76  Id. at 137.





n77  Id. at 138.





n78  Penn Coal, 260 U.S. 393, 415 (1922). "The general rule at least is that
while property may be regulated to a certain extent, if regulation goes too far
it will be recognized as a taking." See Armstrong v United States, 364 U.S. 40,
49 (1960), stating that an action has gone too far when some people alone bear
burdens which should be borne by the public.





n79  See, e.g., Tahoe-Sierra Preservation Council v. Tahoe Regional Planning
Agency, 535 U.S. 302 (2002) (rejecting a bright line rule in a temporary
regulatory taking and stating that anything less than the complete elimination
of value requires Penn Central analysis); Love ladies Harbor v. United States,
28 F.3d 1171 (Fed. Cir. 1994) (explaining the balancing required under Penn
Central); Yancey v. United States, 915 U.S. 1534 (Fed. Cir. 1990) (finding a
taking despite a diminution of value of only seventy-seven percent); Florida
Rock Industries, Inc. v. United States, 18 F.3d 1560 (Fed. Cir. 1994)
(explaining that a total loss of value is not necessary, that the government
action must be fair and reasonable, and that there are multiple ways to
determine the loss of value).





n80  See Penn Central v. City of New York, 438 U.S. at 125.





n81  The court in Cienega VIII spends a great deal of time and effort prior to
reaching this step in discussing whether the plaintiffs had a vested contractual
and property right and whether ELIHPA and LIHPRHA impacted those rights. It
concluded plainly that the rights existed, had vested and were impacted by the
implementation of ELIHPA and LIHPRHA. 331 F.3d at 1328-36. While the conclusion
of the court is a necessary precondition to a determining whether there was a
taking (as a taking requires government action that effects a vested property or
contractual right), this discussion is beyond the scope of this note in
determining whether or not that action constituted a taking.





n82  Cienega Gardens v. United States, 331 F.3d at 1340.





n83  Id. at 1338.





n84  Id. (citing Kaiser Aetna v. United States, 444 U.S. 164, 177 (1979)).





n85  See Kaiser Aetna, 444 U.S. at 179-80. ("In this case we hold that the
'right to exclude,' so universally held to be a fundamental element of the
property right, falls within the category of interests that the Government
cannot take without compensation." (Internal citation omitted.)).





n86  Cienega Gardens v. United States, 331 F.3d at 1338 (quoting Penn Central
Transportation Co. v. City of New York, 438 U.S. 104, 124 (1978)).





n87  Id.





n88  Hodel v. Irving, 481 U.S. 704 (1987).





n89  Id. at 715-16.





n90  Cienega Gardens, 331 F.3d at 1340 ("The principles [used by the trial court
and advanced by the government] misconstrue . . . government action . . . by
focusing on the purpose rather than the nature of the action.").





n91  Id. ("The government has not shown that the actions that Congress took . .
. were within its powers to exercise without also granting compensation.").





n92  Id.





n93  Id.





n94  Id.





n95  Cienega Gardens v. United States, 67 Fed. Cl. 434, 466-71 (2005).





n96  Id. at 466.





n97  Id. at 469 ( "Congress presumably aimed to benefit the public welfare by
ensuring [affordable] housing was provided. However, the manner in which the
benefit was achieved shapes the character of the action.").





n98  Id. at 468-69. The court offers what it terms "illuminating" evidence of
how owners' proposals to change or sell properties were treated ELIHPA; LIHPRHA
and HOPE. In HUD offices across the country, there was little effort on the part
of HUD to help owners move quickly through the process, and in fact it appeared
that HUD's primary goal was to delay owners who wanted to change or sell their
properties.





n99  Id. at 468 ("Illuminating also is HUD's application of the preservation
statutes because it reflects HUD's objective of keeping existing providers in
the HUD programs as long as possible."). The court goes on to describe the steps
that owners had to take to obtain HUD approval for any action under the
preservation statutes, including submitting plans of action, notices of intent
and awaiting HUD approval at each step. Id. at 441-42, 468.





n100  Id. at 468.





n101  Id. at 470.





n102  Id. The court argues that if this were permissible it would have two
potentially far reaching effects. First, the government would be able to take
property whenever it wished as long as it provided some modicum of compensation,
even if it did not amount to "just" compensation. Second, the court found that
it was the jurisdiction of the judicial branch, not the legislative or executive
to determine what "just" compensation was once it had been determined that there
had been a taking and the Congress could not abrogate this power of the
judiciary. The Supreme Court had recently addressed this issue stating that "a
federal court has no power to enlarge or contract the scope of a taking, as long
as it is for a public use." Id. This meant that the decision about the scope of
a taking was up to the political branches, but the determination of compensation
had to be left to the judicial branch.





n103  Id.





n104  Id. The court explains that "[i]n effect, the Government's argument
translates into the question of whether the value of any options plaintiffs were
offered under LIHPHRA should change the character of the governmental action or
the way that Perm Central takings analysis is applied. The short answer to that
question is 'no.' Instead, any value derived from statutory options should not
affect the takings analysis but should be addressed in the determination of just
compensation."





n105  Cienega Gardens v. United States (Cienega X), 503 F.3d 1266, 1283 (Fed.
Cir. 2007).





n106  Id. (internal citation and quotation omitted).





n107  All the parties agreed that had the owners sold the building there would
not have been a taking because they would have received fair market value for
the property. LIHPHRA provided that if there was no purchaser willing to pay
fair market value, or if HUD failed to provide financing to such a purchaser,
the owner would then be entitled to opt out of the mortgage.





n108  Cienega Gardens, 503 F.3d at 1273. The incentives offered to owners in the
use agreements included increased rents, increased access to HUD insured loans
allowing owners to access the equity in their properties through a second
mortgage, and an increased rate of return allowed on the property.





n109  Id. at 1285-87.





n110  Id. at 1273 n.3. The court found that there were no factual findings
related to the right to sell the property, but there was testimony offered that
indicated it would take approximately twenty-five months according to the
statutory requirements to sell a property.





n111  Id. at 1285. The owner was required to sell at the building to a purchaser
(known as a "qualified" or "priority" purchaser) for twelve and fifteen months,
respectively. These purchasers were ones who agreed to continue to use the
property as low-income housing for the rest of its useful life. Id. Further, the
limit on the sale price was set at an appraisal value, determined by HUD at the
start of the fifteen month period and could not change during that time. See
also Cienega Gardens v. United States (Cienega IX), 67 Fed. Cl. 434, 468-69
(2005) (discussing the extensive and time consuming process required to sell or
alter the use of a property).





n112  Cienega Gardens, 503 F.3d at 1285. In Cienega X, the court discussed the
process. It involved filing an intent to sell, having an appraisal done, filing
a second intent, and upon approval from HUD, leaving the option to sell open for
fifteen months. During this time, likely two years, the original appraisal was
the maximum that the property could be sold for and that appraisal was not
allowed to be altered. Thus, if an owner received an appraisal, filed the
requisite notices, and found a purchaser who received HUD financing, they were
statutorily obligated to sell the building at its fair market value from nearly
two years prior to the sale date.





n113  Cienega Gardens, 67 Fed. Cl. At 470. "Congress may not establish through
an option that it will provide value equal to forty, fifty or sixty cents on the
dollar for a taking and thereby evade paying the constitutionally required just
compensation." See also supra note 104.





n114  Cienega Gardens, 503 F.3d at 1294 (Newman, J., dissenting).





n115  Id.





n116  Id.





n117  Id. at 1275.





n118  Penn Central. Transp. Co. v. City of New York, 438 U.S. 104, 130-31
(1978).





n119  Id. at 131.





n120  Cienega Gardens, 331 F.3d at 1341.





n121  Id. at 1342.





n122  Id. at 1343.





n123  Id. at 1344.





n124  Tahoe-Sierra, according to the court in Cienega VIII, does not stand for
this proposition. In Tahoe-Sierra, the plaintiffs called for a bright line rule
that required that any total temporary taking was a compensable one and
explicitly rejected pursuing a Penn Central analysis of the matter. In that case
the Supreme Court rejected the claim that the temporary taking was by law a
compensable taking and explicitly endorsed the idea that a total taking that was
temporary in nature required the kind of balancing that was undertaken in Penn
Central. See id. at 1344-45.





n125  Id. at 1345. ("The holding in Tahoe-Sierra, thus, does not preclude
recovery by plaintiffs who suffered less than a total loss but who do argue for
recovery under a Penn Central analysis.") (emphasis in original).





n126  Id. ("The first statement [the change in regulation did not remove the
property from their possession] fails to consider the correct property
interest.").





n127  Id. at 1345.





n128  Cienega Gardens v. United States, 503 F.3d 1266, 1277-78 (Fed. Cir. 2007).





n129  Id. at 1278.





n130  Penn Cent. Transp. Co. v. New York City, 438 U.S. 104, 130-31 (1978) ("In
deciding whether a particular government action has effected a taking, this
Court focuses . . . on the nature and extent of the interference with rights in
the parcel as a whole.").





n131  Id. at 1280; see also Cienega Gardens v. United States, 67 Fed. Cl. 434,
476-78 (2005).





n132  Cienega Gardens, 503 F.3d at 1280-81.





n133  Id. at 1282.





n134  Id.





n135  Id. at 1287-88. The plaintiffs who did sign use agreements are not subject
to this limitation in determining the economic impact because they acted
reasonably in concluding that the new regulation was permanent, so when the
right to prepay was statutorily returned, they were still unable to take
advantage of that right. Their economic loss is much larger.





n136  Penn Cent. Transp. Co. v. New York City, 438 U.S. 104, 127 (1978).





n137  Cienega Gardens v. United States, 331 F.3d at 1346 (Fed. Cir. 2003)
(internal quotations and citations omitted).





n138  See Ruckelshaus v Monsanto Co., 467 U.S. 986, 1005 (1984).





n139  Cienega Gardens, 331 F.3d at 1346.





n140  Id.





n141  Id.





n142  Id.





n143  Id. at 1347.





n144  Id. at 1346 ("We start with the assumption that was both material . . .
and apparently justified . . . is one that gives rise to reasonable
expectations." (emphasis in original)).





n145  Id.





n146  Id.





n147  Id.





n148  Id. at 1349. The first reason is akin to saying that because the owners
formed a subjective investment backed expectation it was therefore reasonable
because the court basis both the subjective intent and the objective reasonable
intent on the same standard of "materiality." The statutory language referenced
also made a specific point to include the prepayment option without approval of
the Secretary after twenty years.





n149  Id. at 1349-50.





n150  Id. at 1350.





n151  Id. (emphasis in original, internal citations omitted).





n152  Cienega Gardens v. United States, 503 F.3d 1266, 1288-89 (Fed. Cir. 2007).





n153  Id. at 1289.





n154  Id. In determining these benefits to be obtained and removed, the court
makes a note that one would have to include the tax benefits and penalties that
would have been incurred as a result of both entering the regulatory regime and
then prepaying the mortgage and opting out. This would include tax credits
available to owners, reductions in taxable income that occurred as a result of
accelerated depreciation of the properties and reductions in income as a result
of tax payments required to be made on phantom income that occurred without the
receipt of actual income. Needless to say this makes the determination of what
was expected and lost significantly more complicated that the court in Cienega
VIII addressed.





n155  Penn Cent. Transp. Co. v. New York City, 438 U.S. 104, 125 (1978).





n156  Id. at 136.





n157  Cienega Gardens, 503 F.3d at 1290.





n158  Id.





n159  Id.





n160  Id. at 1282. Here the court did not instruct the trial court to use a
specific method of determining lost value, but instead offered two possibilities
and allowed for any others that the trial court deemed appropriate. However, in
a footnote the court offered the caveat that the previous award by the trial
court to Chancellor Manor of $ 10.5 million in damages which was more than the
appraised value of the property ($ 7 million) should have been an indication
that the method of computing damages was flawed because "logically speaking, the
government cannot take more than what the plaintiffs actually possess." Id. at
n.13.





n161  Id. at 1283, 1287.





n162  Id. at 1289.





n163  Id. at 1290.





n164  See discussion of conceptual severance, supra notes 71 & 72. Allowing
conceptual severance in the present case both temporally and in terms of
splitting the parcel into distinct property interests would distort the economic
impact of the regulation.





n165  Cienega Gardens, 503 F.3d at 1294 (Newman, J., dissenting). Newman argues
that it is "singularly unfair to these plaintiffs to require them to start again
after thirteen years of judicial process." Id.





n166  Cienega Gardens v. United States, 331 F.3d 1319. There are four references
in discussion of the character of the government action: "lack of argument," id.
at 1337, "limited arguments," id. at 1337 n.31, "waived right to assert errors,"
id., "offers little to controvert," id. at 1339. There are seven references in
the discussion of the economic analysis: "has not challenged," id. at 1341,
"[economic valuations] are undisputed," id. at 1342, "not contested," id. at
1342 n.35, "does not renew any arguments about error at [trial]," id. at 1342
n.37, "does not contest the accuracy or appropriateness," id. at 1342 n.38,
"does not point to any specific errors," id. at 1344, "lack of any specific
challenge," id. at 1345. There are four references in the discussion of
investment backed expectations: "lack of specific arguments," id. at 1346, "does
not argue that the court's findings were clearly erroneous," id. at 1347,
"offers no evidence to the contrary," id. at 1348, "limited arguments advanced
by the government," id. at 1349.





n167  Id. at 1331 n.21. "Mr. Kosloske (attorney for the appellee): 'Yes, your
honor. The question is whether or not the prepayment right or term in the loan
note is to be considered property that is protected by the Fifth Amendment, the
just compensation clause.' Judge Archer: 'You are not seriously arguing that are
you?' Mr. Kosloske: 'Yes we are, your honor.'" The Government was arguing that
the prepayment right was not property protected by the Fifth Amendment, an
argument that the court found unbelievable. Id.


                             269 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  September 16, 1995, Saturday, Final Edition

Senate Housing Overhaul Plan Delayed; Budget Office Finds Changes Would Cause
$590 Million Overrun

Dan Morgan, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 822 words


Key portions of a far-reaching Senate plan for overhauling federal housing
programs have been scuttled for this year because of a Congressional Budget
Office finding they would cause a $ 590 million short-term cost overrun rather
than a saving.

The impasse, which emerged as the Senate Appropriations Committee attempted to
attach housing reform to a spending bill that will take effect Oct. 1, could
speed the eviction of thousands of low-income tenants from privately owned units
as these properties are converted to commercial apartments or condominiums,
sources said.

The displaced tenants, most of whom receive some federal rental assistance,
would be eligible for further aid in the form of government vouchers that can be
used on the private housing market. But Senate officials noted last night that
one in five such vouchers are returned unused because the holder cannot find
acceptable housing in his or her price range.

"It's sort of a crisis situation," said Charles L. Edson, counsel for the
Institute for Responsible Housing Preservation, which represents owners of
government-assisted housing.

The Senate plan, authored by Sen. Christopher S. "Kit" Bond (R-Mo.), chairman of
the Appropriations housing subcommittee, is aimed at reining in skyrocketing
federal housing costs while preserving incentives for landlords to continue
offering affordable rents to low-income families.

Bond, a former governor of Missouri, has repeatedly warned that housing outlays,
which have grown from $ 5.5 billion in 1980 to $ 23.7 billion in 1994, must be
brought under control now or more abrupt cutbacks later will have a
"devastating" impact on low-income tenants.

But Senate aides said yesterday that changing the current system inevitably
involves up-front costs.

That is essentially the problem Bond ran into this week, when the CBO,
Congress's budget analyst, informed him his plan would result in $ 590 million
in cash outlays in 1996 not allowed under his subcommittee's budget allocation.

Most of the cash would go as payments to owners of older units built with
extremely low-interest, subsidized government loans years ago. Those owners had
to promise to offer cheap rents to low-income tenants for 20 years.

But when their contracts began expiring in the late 1980s, the Housing and Urban
Development Department allowed them to raise rents to commercial levels as an
inducement not to convert the units for the commercial housing market. The
government then subsidized the new rents.

Under Bond's plan, owners would be able to pay off mortgages, collect equity,
and convert units. But those who opted to keep serving low-income tenants would
receive up-front cash payments and other concessions as an incentive.

When the CBO on Tuesday completed its analysis of the provision, along with
another provision aimed at reducing federal rent subsidies to another class of
housing, it found the costs would exceed Bond's allocation.

The overrun, for which Bond was chided Wednesday by Sen. Robert C. Byrd
(D-W.Va.), forced him to add language to his bill late Wednesday postponing the
reform until fiscal 1997.

"It's very frustrating," said Denise Muha, executive director of the National
Leased Housing Association, which worked on parts of the reform draft.

The administration supports large parts of Bond's reform proposal. But rather
than make payments to landlords, HUD prefers freeing them to sell their units
and giving displaced tenants vouchers to secure housing on the open market,
sources said.

"We tried to work out a consensus view of this difficult problem in order to
preserve as much of this affordable housing stock as possible at the lowest
possible cost while minimizing displacement," a Senate aide said. But he said
the problem has been compounded by "an incredible complex of unworkable laws,"
which have perpetuated powerful slumlords and deteriorating conditions.

Although some solution still could be found, the Senate is working against time.
Yesterday, the Senate Appropriations Committee completed action on the last of
its 13 spending bills for 1996, a measure funding the Labor, Education and
Health and Human Services departments.

By a vote of 14 to 12, the committee backed a House provision in the bill that
would prevent President Clinton from enforcing his ban on use of replacement
workers by federal contractors during strikes. The issue is expected to be
refought on the Senate floor. The labor measure, like Bond's bill, had to
conform to the overall GOP spending plan.

But Budget Committee Chairman Pete V. Domenici (R-N.M.), who also serves on the
Appropriations Committee, warned against use of budgetary devices. He noted the
labor bill uses a "saving" of $ 280 million from a reduction in a block grant
that is also under jurisdiction of the Senate Finance Committee, raising
concerns that both committees will claim the same economy.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post


                             270 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Hour (Norwalk, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 11, 2010 Tuesday

Council to act on community block grants

BYLINE: Robert Koch, The Hour, Norwalk, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 483 words


May 11--NORWALK -- Common Council members will be asked to vote tonight on
allocating $1.4 million in U.S. Department of Housing and Urban community
development block grants for the fiscal year beginning July 1 Roughly four-dozen
community service organizations applied for the annual blocks grant funding.
Fourteen applications were recommended following review by the council's
Planning Committee and the Norwalk Redevelopment Commission.

"We have seen many more applications this year than we have in the past," said
Michael Moore, senior project manager for development at the Redevelopment
Agency, addressing the demand for funding amid the poor economy.

Among the recommended expenditures for the 2010-11 block grants: Norwalk
Economic Opportunity Now Inc., $15,000 for GED preparation and career
counseling; ElderHouse, Inc., $100,000 for facility renovations; George
Washington Carver Center, Inc., $33,000 for facility renovations; Rowayton
Senior Housing Corp. Inc., $129,691 for sprinkler system installation; Women's
Business Development Council, Inc., $20,000 for micro-enterprise assistance; and
North Walke Housing Corp., $697,991 for neighborhood and affordable housing
preservation.

The action plan lays out three broad goals: Support efforts to stabilize or
reduce housing costs; create income stability by supporting programs that enable
people to retain jobs, find jobs and transition from one career to another; and
support organizations and programs that are trying to ameliorate the impacts of
the current economic recession on families.

"Households that not only are impacted by a loss of income as a result of job
losses, but results in these other strains on the households -- an increase in
domestic violence, or substance abuse, or the need for additional after-school
programming for kids," Moore said.

Douglas E. Hempstead, council president and Planning Committee chair-man, noted
the committee recommended leaving $75,000 of the block grant money in an
undesignated fund for future use to help young people.

"We took the $75,000 and left it temporarily undesignated, and are encouraging
agencies to corroborate for programs that they all proposed that have
commonality," Hempstead said. "What we're looking for is a joint application,
because we have quite a few before and after-school programs for all ages."

The block grants will become available July 1, assuming approval of the
allocation by the council tonight and approval of the action plan by HUD,
according to Moore.

To see more of The Hour, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thehour.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Hour, Norwalk, Conn. Distributed
by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100511-NK-COMMNTY-DVLP-BLOCK-GRANTS-20100511

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NK


                            Copyright 2010 The Hour


                             271 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 26, 2003 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

The End Is Near, Yet at a Distance;
Bronx Haven Is Threatened, but Denizens Still Dream

BYLINE:  By ALAN FEUER

SECTION: Section B; Column 2; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1057 words


Summer ends the same way every year at Rincon Criollo, a tiny wooden bungalow at
Brook Avenue and 158th Street in the Bronx.

Jose Soto eats an apple from the apple tree he planted 30 years ago. Louis Ramos
tends his pepper and tomato gardens in a plot behind the shack. Felix Rivera
hums along to island folk songs as Red the cat curls up beside the radio. Jose
Rivera, no relation aside from friendship, slowly drinks a beer.

Not much has changed for decades at Rincon Criollo, or the Down Home Corner, one
of the oldest Puerto Rican-style casitas in New York. For years, the men here
have welcomed autumn by fooling themselves with harmless fantasies that the
summer ways and breezes will go on forever. For years, they have also fooled
themselves by ignoring the fact that, sooner or later, their communal hangout
will be gone.

Nearly 13 years ago, city, state and federal agencies began to put up
condominiums as part of the Melrose Commons development project, which now
threatens the casita -- the Spanish word for "little house."

Five years ago, the city's Department of Housing Preservation and Development
took control of the land to speed the plan along.

Three years ago, a community group called We Stay/Nos Quedamos got an $8.2
million federal grant to continue the development by building houses for the
poor and elderly of the neighborhood.

And this year, like most, the efforts to displace Rincon Criollo have ground on.
The end has not come yet, though it is near.

"It's closer than it's ever been to getting done," said Yolanda Garcia, the
executive director of We Stay/Nos Quedamos.

If it seems somewhat strange that a community group like We Stay/Nos Quedamos
wants to displace Rincon Criollo, which after all is a thriving part of the
community, Ms. Garcia reluctantly agrees. Still, in her mind, building
low-income housing in the Melrose section of the Bronx is more important than
maintaining the gardens and traditions that have flourished at the casita for
nearly 30 years.

"We have to achieve a balance," Ms. Garcia said. "There are homeless people
here. There are people tripling and quadrupling up, and they need housing. It's
called change. And when the winds of change blow in, everybody trembles."

Strangely enough, no one seems to be trembling all that much at Rincon Criollo.
It is possible the men do not believe their cherished place will be destroyed,
but it is just as possible that faced with its inevitable, if not imminent,
destruction they simply do not wish to believe.

Felix Rivera, a 68-year-old retired taxi driver, wandered the paths beneath the
grape vines just last week. The dirt was dappled with spots of broken sunlight.
The air smelled tartly of not-quite-ripe autumnal fruit.

He spoke about the place in an unapologetic present tense that was nonetheless
inflected with nostalgia.

"This is my home," he said. "I come through the gate every day sick like a dog,
but when I leave I feel like a brand-new guy. All my problems, I leave over
there."

With that, he gestured to the gardens. "I talk to God like in a paradise," he
said.

Mr. Ramos, 56 and recently retired from the United States Census Bureau, was
bent above his pepper vines the other day, the unlit plug of a cheroot stuck
firmly in his teeth. He was born in Puerto Rico, but left when he was 2. He,
too, said he thought of the casita as his home.

"Just looking at this place, I went through a transition," he explained. "Like a
rebirth. It tapped my memory and brought back my parents in Puerto Rico. I never
felt like I belonged in New York City -- there weren't any palm trees, the
people didn't speak my language. But when I came here, I didn't feel out of
place."

A sense of place: this is what Rincon Criollo seems to provide the 50 men or so
who might drop in on any given day to work the gardens or sit on the wooden
porch to catch the sun. The house, with its paneled shutters and open yard,
reflects the architecture of the shanties that once dotted Puerto Rico's
mountainsides and coasts.

Inside, there might be artisans constructing panderetas, or Puerto Rican
tambourines. Outside, others might be roasting suckling pigs and drinking slugs
of native moonshine. Rincon Criollo is more than a place to relax with friends.
It is half hangout, half cultural center, and has long served as the city's
unofficial center for the bomba and the plena -- Puerto Rico's traditional
percussive music styles.

Under a plan proposed by Ms. Garcia, the casita would be moved to a new plot
across Brook Avenue, a block away. While the men who use Rincon Criollo say they
sympathize with the need for housing, they say it is hard to move a garden.

"What do we do with the apple tree?" Mr. Ramos asked. "It's been there 30 years.
Songs and poems have been written about that tree."

He and the others at Rincon Criollo have placed their faith in a city statute
that requires, before development, a case-by-case review of all gardens on city
land, especially ones that can be said to anchor their communities. They have
also looked for help toward a lawsuit that was filed in 1999 by Eliot Spitzer,
the state attorney general, and settled last year. The suit, which blocked the
sale or destruction of hundreds ofthe city's community gardens, argued that
gardens in existence for 20 or 30 years deserved the same protection as the
city's public parks.

Mr. Soto, the founder of Rincon Criollo, said that if any garden merited
protection it was his. After all, he said, before he built the place, the lot it
sat on was a junkyard filled with busted bicycles, rusted cars and men of
dubious repute.

Plans to demolish the garden, however, have been approved by city housing
agencies, the local community board, the Bronx borough president's office and
the City Planning Commission. Construction is scheduled to start next year.

"We are confident that you will agree with other representatives of the
community that the creation of new residential and commercial space will benefit
all of the families in the Melrose neighborhood," Carol Abrams, a spokeswoman
for the Department of Housing Preservation and Development, said in a written
statement.

Jose Rivera said something different as he stood beneath the grape vines a few
weeks ago.

"This place is going to be knocked down," he said. "Next year? Probably not. In
two years . . . "

Now he could only shrug.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Inside the Rincon Criollo casita, which has long been the
city's unofficial center for the bomba and the plena, traditional percussive
music styles. (Photo by Nancy Siesel/The New York Times)(pg. B4); A gardener,
right, tending a plot at Rincon Criollo, one of the oldest Puerto Rican-style
casitas in New York. It is to be displaced to make way for low-income housing.
At left is nightfall at the casita, which is half hangout, half cultural
center.; Playing rummy at the Rincon Criollo casita in the Bronx were, from
left, John Vasquez, Charlie Torres and Robert Acevedo. (Photographs by Nancy
Siesel/The New York Times)(pg. B1)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                             272 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 19, 2005 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Coming Full Circle, City to Sell Blighted Lots

BYLINE: By JENNIFER STEINHAUER

SECTION: Section B; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 979 words


They were the most unsightly evidence of a city in decline -- 5,000 vacant lots
taken over by New York from delinquent taxpayers during the 1970's and 80's,
strewn with weeds and garbage, dotting the landscape from central Brooklyn to
Harlem to the north shore of Staten Island.

But beginning today, the city will sell the last 248 of those lots, Mayor
Michael R. Bloomberg said yesterday, primarily to developers who agree to build
housing for low-income New Yorkers on the plots. The city has already disposed
of 100,000 housing units that had also been left to rot by owners who stopped
paying their taxes.

The 248 remaining lots, which are mainly clustered in Queens, Brooklyn and Upper
Manhattan, will be the last of their kind the city will ever hold, the mayor
said.

''The city is not interested in being a landlord,'' said Mr. Bloomberg, standing
amid the crabgrass and beer bottle caps in one of the last lots for sale, in
East New York, Brooklyn. ''We are here today to mark the end of an era.''

That end has been coming gradually over the course of three decades, with the
help of the private sector, nonprofit groups and several government agencies.
But this final sale of city-owned land -- fueled by millions in private-sector
dollars, a red-hot real estate market and record population levels -- provides
the sharpest example of how much the city has changed over the last decade.

The scarcity of inexpensive land around the city has made developers, some of
them priced out in a heady market, all the more eager to build on city land,
lured by the tax incentives and mortgages offered by the government in exchange
for providing below-market-rate homes.

Further, neighborhoods that were once too bleak to retain landowners now attract
new immigrants and other New Yorkers who are happy to use a subsidy to buy a
home.

Given that surging demand, New York is upping the ante for developers who want
to snatch up the last bits of city-owned property, known as ''in rem'' property.

For the first time, the city's Department of Housing Preservation and
Development will give top priority to developers willing to build more than the
required minimum of low-income units in the buildings they put up, in exchange
for government subsidies and access to tax-exempt financing.

For example, on lots where apartment buildings will be erected, the city will
require that 20 percent of the units be set aside for residents whose family
income is less than $50,250 a year for four people. On smaller lots fit for
two-family homes, at least one-third of the units developed must be for those
low-income buyers in order to receive the tax credits and cash subsidies that
offset the selling price.

Further, city officials said they would give first priority to development plans
that incorporate environmentally friendly designs for multifamily homes like
energy-saving appliances or plumbing fixtures that use less water.

Advocates for people who are priced out of the New York real estate market
praised the Bloomberg administration's commitment to favor developers who build
low-income units. In the past, the city has generally sold its land and property
to the highest bidder. But the advocates also agreed that this final request for
proposals signals that the city is out of land on which to develop inexpensive
housing, which creates a new sort of problem.

''It is very good news, and it is disturbing news,'' said Hilary A. Botein, the
executive coordinator for Housing First!, an advocacy group. ''The good news is,
the city has absolutely done a terrific job using much of its vacant land to
create affordable housing. But the flip side is that the city is saying that
they have done what they can do with all of its available land.''

The city is able to be more selective in choosing who buys its land in large
part because of the monumental housing boom. In 2004, the city approved the
construction of 25,208 housing units, more than in any year since 1972, and that
number is likely to be surpassed this year.

As development costs soar, builders are in greater need of places to build, and
are willing to accept the lower yield of non-market rate housing. Such programs
have attracted both developers and buyers in places like East New York, where
there was virtually no market for home sales 10 years ago. William Roberts, an
East New York resident who attended the mayor's news conference yesterday, said
he bought a two-family home there that had been on an in-rem lot 15 months ago
for $379,000.

''What's really different here is that we are changing the rules,'' said Shaun
Donovan, the commissioner of housing preservation and development. ''We're
saying the developer who wins is the one with the most affordability.''

In 2002, Mr. Bloomberg announced that the city would build or rehabilitate
65,000 housing units, much of it for poor or middle-income residents. Today,
28,500 units are in the development pipeline, city officials say.

Yesterday, John Kelly, the co-chairman of the New York Housing Conference, a
consortium of developers and housing advocates, said that finding new land to
develop will be the city's greatest challenge, now that the land it took over
during its darkest moments is gone.

''It really requires a whole rethinking of how we find sites and make them
available for really low-income housing,'' Mr. Kelly said. ''Everybody talks
about brownfields. That is definitely one place where we have to look, but we
might have to create more land by more dense zoning.'' Brownfields are
environmentally contaminated sites that must be cleaned before being developed.

Using zoning to increase density would be unpopular in many neighborhoods
seeking less development, some of whose residents have complained bitterly about
developers who quickly lay down foundations before new, low-density zoning kicks
in.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: A lot in East New York, Brooklyn, is among the 248 city-owned
properties being sold. (Photo by Ruby Washington/The New York Times)(pg.
B1)Chart/Map: ''Last of the Lots''The city is selling the last 248 lots suitable
for development it owns as a result of tax defaults. In 1986, the city owned
about 5,000 such lots.Map of New York City highlighting 248 lots suitable for
development.(Source: New York City Department of Housing Preservation and
Development)(pg. B6)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                             273 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                            April 14, 2005 Thursday

Public Advocate's Report Pans Homeless Services

BYLINE: By DINA TEMPLE - RASTON, Staff Reporter of the Sun

SECTION: NEW YORK; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 809 words


The city has been housing homeless families in buildings that have serious
building-code violations, and the city has been paying landlords rent for
apartments without ascertaining whether promised repairs have been done,
according to a report from the public advocate, Betsy Gotbaum, that was obtained
by The New York Sun.

The Department of Homeless Services - which has been working to place the
chronically homeless in stable housing situations - has re-inspected only a
fraction of residences found to have code violations and often the promised work
hasn't been done, the report, entitled "Subsidy Shame," said. The report is to
be released in its entirety next week at a press conference with Ms. Gotbaum.

"If DHS gives a landlord a checklist of things they should fix because there are
code violations, they should go back and make sure the landlord does that before
tenants go in," Ms. Gotbaum said in an interview. "Taxpayer money is going to
slumlords who aren't doing what they said they would do."

Six months ago, Mayor Bloomberg unveiled a homeless program called Housing
Stability Plus, in which the homeless would no longer be permitted to apply for
federal rent vouchers or public housing and instead would get rental-assistance
grants for up to five years, with the size of the grant shrinking each year. The
program brings together city, state, and federal funds to wean the chronically
homeless off the dole. But some of the apartments, according to housing
activists and Ms. Gotbaum, are substandard.

"One shelter provider told us about an apartment with live rats in the oven,"
the senior policy analyst at the Coalition for the Homeless, Patrick Markee,
said. "There are apartments in buildings with lead-paint violations. Obviously
that is a problem for families with small children. We're really disturbed
because the Department of Homeless Services said that they would match addresses
used in the HSP program to the database of housing-code violations, and clearly
they aren't doing that."

The public advocate's office did. Using a list of apartments that DHS uses to
find permanent housing for shelter residents, Ms. Gotbaum's staff crosschecked
the list with the violation reports on the Housing Preservation and
Development's Web site. Of the 175 buildings on the list of available apartments
that had been registered in Mr. Bloomberg's Housing Stability Plus program as of
February 25, nearly 40% had housing maintenance code violations in the last
year.

Fully 31% of the buildings had Class C, or "immediately hazardous," violations
in the last year, and 12% of the buildings had more than 10 Class C code
violations in the last year. Class C violations include inadequate fire exits,
rodents, lead-based paint, and lack of heat, hot water, electricity, or gas,
according to the housing agency's online glossary.

About 20% of those on the list had between 25 and 50 code violations in the past
year, the report said. What's more, when HSP program participants move into
buildings in poor condition, anecdotal reports suggest that the Department of
Homeless Services is not helping families resolve the problems, even after they
have asked the agency for help.

A spokesman for the agency, James Anderson, told the Sun that the apartments had
been inspected and in some cases re-inspected and that the department has a
special unit to help the families with their apartment problems.

Many of the brokers and landlords who had been in the federal Section 8 Housing
program opted to participate in the new plan, so the stock of apartments is very
similar to what had been available. About one-quarter of the apartments that had
a code violation had been re-inspected, DHS said, and in those cases the
violations had been remedied by the time the inspector returned.

"One building I was in, there was no lock on the door, paint chipping, and the
building was terrible," Ms. Gotbaum told the Sun. "DHS can't say that just
because the buildings have problems, the units for HSP don't necessarily have
problems. When you have rats in the building or no heat in the building you are
going to have that problem in the apartments."

Mr. Markee, of the Coalition for the Homeless, agreed. "If there is lead paint
in the building, well, where there is smoke there is fire," he said. "Under the
previous housing-subsidies program you had rigorous standards of quality. They
didn't use the benefit of the doubt. They want to streamline the process, and
we're all for that, but that has happened at the expense of making sure these
are decent, suitable apartments."

Ms. Gotbaum recommended the Department of Homeless Services ensure that
buildings where homeless families are placed meet the requirements of the city's
maintenance code, just as the Administration for Children's Services does. A
second inspection should occur before the household moves in.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             274 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 19, 1982, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

HOW CITY REDUCES FORECLOSURE STOCK

BYLINE: By ALAN S. OSER

SECTION: Section 8; Page 7, Column 1; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 1324 words


AQUIET revolution in housing administration and urban policy o ccurred in New
York City four years ago when the city's housing a gency took over the
management of tax-foreclosed residential p roperty.

The Department of Real Estate previously had this task, and for commercial
buildings it still does. Typically, it would hold property a year or more,
provide services in occupied buildings, make minor improvements and resell the
buildings at public auction.

But auction sales fell into disrepute here. Community groups and many housing
officials said that new owners provided inadequate services and often let the
building fall into disprepair and tax delinquency again. The ''revolving door,''
they called it.

The alternative approach was that the Department of Housing Preservation and
Development should not only provide management, but where possible use
rehabilitation subsidies and a variety of managerial techniques to bring
buildings back to taxpaying status in solid enough condition to be sustained as
decent housing.

The buyer could be whatever entity had proved itself capable of managing the
property and was deemed ready to assume ownership. This might be a community
group, a private owner or the tenants themselves.

With the ''revolution'' came another significant move: a speed-up in city
takeover of tax-delinquent property. Previously, the law allowed the takeover
procedure to begin after three years of delinquency. In practice, it was
generally five or six years before the city took title. By then the building was
often a wreck. The revised law allowed the taking procedure to start after a
year of delinquency. In practice, the city now gets to each borough about every
two years.

As expected when the procedure went into effect, the city rapidly built up a
huge inventory of both occupied and unoccupied taxdelinquent properties. But
figures suggest that it has begun to whittle away at this huge inventory through
resales, mainly to private managers, community groups and tenants. Before sale,
tenancy is built up, rent collections improved and repairs made. Once sold, the
buildings pay taxes.

''In fiscal 1982 we crossed the line where over time property dispositions will
at least equal and in most cases exceed the inflow of properties,'' said William
B. Eimicke, Deputy Commissioner of Housing Preservation and Development and head
of the Office of Property Management. ''Over time the city will face a
diminishing workload.''

The city depends on Federal Community Development subsidies for managing and to
some degree rehabilitating this housing. Federal funds are not normally used for
managing an aged privately built stock. Other cities prefer loans and grants for
private renewal.

But the Department of Housing and Urban Development has backed the city's
effort. ''We think it's a good thing,'' said Edwin Davis, the agency's New York
area manager. ''It is having a major impact on the housing stock, making
buildings healthy, safe and sanitary.''

Under the old system the Department of Real Estate usually managed 3,000 to
4,000 buildings at any given time. After the changeover to the new system, the
inventory soared to about 9,000 buildings. It had dropped to 8,330 on June 30.

Since then, additional takings in Brooklyn have raised the inventory again - to
9,400 buildings. It will probably settle at 8,600 after redemptions by owners,
Mr. Eimicke said. But at present he is presiding over an inventory of 6,000
vacant and 3,400 occupied buildings. There are an estimated 105,000 to 120,000
tenants in the 35,000 occupied apartments.

Operating this property costs the city $100 million a year. About $30 million is
tax funds spent for fuel and $70 million comes from Federal
community-development contributions. Rent collections, which have improved,
reached $44.2 million in fiscal 1982.

The human dimension in all this is monumental. Housing conditions can be
appalling before attention and money bring improvement. In Bedford-Stuyvesant,
as an example, Ocie Davis, housing director of a community group called the
Bushwick-Bedford Stuyvesant Rehabilitation Center, recalled the conditions he
had encountered in one 27-unit building the group took over.

''In one apartment we found 10 dogs,'' he said, ''and six were dead.''
ADMINISTRATIVELY, the city's operation is far from neat, with many f ar-flung
undermaintained, underfinanced and underoccupied p roperties. But it takes some
figures to suggest the scope of the o peration:

Sixty percent of all the buildings in Harlem and 50 percent of those on the
Lower East Side are in the city's inventory of tax-foreclosed residential
buildings. In the South Bronx, the city owns 40 percent of the stock.

Forty percent of the budget of the Department of Housing Preservation and
Development goes to Mr. Eimicke's office. Its staff of 900 is about a third of
the H.P.D. workforce. In addition, Federal funds support 1,100 building
superintendents, 500 handymen and 400 staff members in various community groups
that help manage the housing.

In the end, the object is to save the most salvageable housing by improving its
condition, its occupancy and its rent collections, and to get it back on the tax
rolls through resale. ''Hopeless'' buildings are demolished. When large Federal
Section 8 subsidies were available for major rehabilitation of vacant buildings,
the city used part of its allocation for the foreclosed stock. This activity
accounted for many of the 1980 to 1982 sales.

The best hope for resale of occupied buildings is through the office's Division
of Alternative Management Programs. ''Alternative management'' means any of
several alternatives to direct city management - perhaps a private company, a
community group or a lowincome tenant cooperative.

Joan Wallstein, head of the division, referred to the various managing entities
as ''halfway houses'' to resale. About 500 buildings with 14,000 apartments are
current candidates for such sales, she said.

Roughly 20 percent of the tenants are unable to pay rent unless they receive
rent subsidies, Miss Wallstein said. The gradual shrinkage of Section 8 rent
subsidies even for existing housing (as opposed to new construction) is
threatening this form of negotiated sales. Some buildings sold two years ago are
still awaiting their subsidy.

However successful the sales program may become, only if city takeovers slow
down and resales of empty as well as occupied buildings sharply pick up will the
current burden be lightened substantially. Mr. Eimicke said that the pace of
takings had already slowed, the result of an improved real-estate market in the
1980's.

Auctions of unoccupied buildings, perhaps under strict terms, would help,
especially in areas where values have risen. The income could be used to help
improve occupied housing. But opposition from local groups and elected officials
has blocked such sales. It is based on hostility to ''gentrification,'' fear of
abuses by new owners, and perhaps an insistence of the part of many people to
know and approve their potential new neighbors.

The department holds 1,400 vacant buildings in Manhattan. On the Lower East
Side, for example, there are 229. ''That area is going up, up, up,'' Mr. Eimicke
said, adding that owners there will no longer allow their buildings to fall into
foreclosure.

He favors a ''rational and effective'' auction system for vacant buildings. Any
auctions would need approval from the Board of Estimate.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photo of William B. Eimicke graph of foreclosed
residential buildings since '79

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             275 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 6, 1987, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Mixing Restoration and Homesteading

BYLINE: By THOMAS L. WAITE

SECTION: Section 8; Page 5, Column 2; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 1133 words


A FORMER convent and several rowhouses in Brooklyn will be the first targets of
an innovative program that combines the creation of low- to moderate-income
housing with historic preservation. The structures, each almost a century old,
will yield about 20 apartments to the neighborhood residents working on the
projects.

The New York Landmarks Conservancy in conjunction with the National Trust for
Historic Preservation will contribute $135,000 to the projects - half in grants,
half in low-interest loans - as part of their City Ventures Fund, which was
inaugurated last year. The fund, which is supported by private donations, is
modeled on a successful nationwide program run for several years by the trust.

The program's intention, beyond its most tangible results, is to destroy the
myth that historic preservation is the idle hobby of the wealthy, according to
Lori Segal Zabar, who manages the fund for the Conservancy. ''Historic
preservation creates a sense of place that's important to poor people as well as
rich people,'' she said.

All of the buildings selected for aid by the Conservancy are owned by the city.
As part of the urban homesteading program run by the Department of Housing
Preservation and Development, apartments in the buildings will be sold as co-ops
for $250 each to the low- and moderate-income homesteaders who renovate them.
The city will also contribute $13,000 for each unit created.

To be selected for the additional Conservancy grant, the building being
renovated must have significant historical value. The homesteading group also
has to agree to follow standards for historical restorations.

The Convent of the Church of the Annunciation at 64 Havemeyer Street in the
Williamsburg section of Brooklyn is a four-story brick and brownstone structure
built in 1889. Designed by Franz Josef Berlenbach along with the nearby church
and school, the convent was home to the Sisters of the Order of Saint Dominic,
as well as a girls' school and orphanage. At one time, 120 orphans were housed
in the building's cramped attic.

The diocese sold the convent building in 1977 for $8,000 to a private owner who
quickly lost it to the city for not paying taxes. He then squatted in the
building he once owned until he was forced out in 1984.

The building is still topped by an ornate cross. In the second-floor chapel,
stripped by the previous owner, the outlines of pews are still visible. On the
altar backed by large bay windows, one of the homesteaders has already set a
couch.

The city and the People's Firehouse, a housing and community development group
formed in 1975 to fight the closing of Engine Company 212 during the city's
fiscal crisis, selected the 11 homesteaders now working on the project. To
qualify, a single homesteader must have a yearly income of no more than $16,500.

The entire renovation project is expected to cost over $350,000. Of that, almost
half will come from the city, with smaller donations from the state and Brooklyn
Union Gas. The Conservancy's award will be $60,000, and the homesteaders
themselves will contribute $3,000 each.

But mostly the homesteaders, who count among their number a plumber and a
welder, are leveraging their own sweat equity, mostly on Monday nights and
weekends.

On those occasions, Marie Knoezer, a retired nurse and the senior homesteader at
62, makes sure there is plenty of coffee. Then she pitches in, weeding - the
garden planned for the now mostly asphalt-covered backyard is her domain - and
ridding planks of their nails. ''And believe me,'' she said, ''we have thousands
of them; I see them in my sleep.''

The homesteaders have almost completed the interior demolition. The next step
will be to hire a contractor to install the heating and electrical systems, the
only part of the renovation the homesteaders will not be doing themselves. The
entire project, they said, should be completed by next summer.

Another of the homesteaders, Katie Karwan, said that while their main goal was
housing and not restoration, the group was committed to preserving the
building's details even before the Conservancy offered the money to help them do
so. ''This fund helps so that we don't have to cop out and buy cheap
materials,'' said Ms. Karwan.

A second Conservancy award of $75,000 for the restoration of three rowhouses in
the East New York section of Brooklyn hinges on a Board of Estimate vote on
Sept. 17. The three structures, one of which has not yet been chosen, are among
28 buildings in the area under consideration for homesteading.


IN past years, the city and local community groups have fought over the issue of
squatting in abandoned, city-owned buildings. The dispute was recently resolved
in favor of the squatters, with 30 such buildings given to the Mutual Housing
Association of New York, a coalition of neighborhood associations. Already a
third of those structures are nearly renovated under an arrangement whereby
homesteading tenants own their apartments, while the association owns the land
to insure that the apartments will always remain for low-income residents.

From the 28 apartments that may pass from the city to the association, the
Conservancy selected three buildings of particular historical value. One
building was subsequently sold by the city, and the Conservancy plans to pick
another to replace it.

The blocks on which the buildings sit are a mix of overgrown vacant lots,
boarded-up row houses, some of which have been broken into by the homeless, and
well-maintained rowhouses that suggest how East New York once looked.

At 459 Wyona Street, the arched windows in the yellow brick facade of a
turn-of-the-century, three-family house are filled with cement blocks.

At 306 Bradford Street, a three-family brownstone sits on a block of generally
well-maintained buildings all designed by Louis F. Schillinger, one of the most
active architects in East New York around the turn of the century.

In July, the Conservancy also gave a $50,000 award to the Fordham Bedford
Housing Corporation for the rehabilitation of a former Catholic nursing home at
2751 Grand Concourse in the Fordham section of the Bronx. Once finished, the
structure will be used as temporary housing for homeless single mothers.

While making coffee and pulling nails in Brooklyn, Ms. Knoezer is not actually
homeless. It just seems that way. In the past 10 years, rent increases on her
fixed income from Social Security and troubles with landlords have forced her to
move 11 times.

Now, she hopes that is all over. ''I just got so tired of moving,'' she said.

''And we got tired of moving her,'' added Adam Veneski, the president of
People's Firehouse, which has helped Ms. Knoeryer in the past.

''It's finally one more move,'' she said. ''And then I can unpack.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Convent of Church of Annunciation, 64 Havemeyer Street in
Williamsburg area, Brooklyn (NYT/Dith Pran)

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             276 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Taos News (New Mexico)

                           December 11, 2008 Thursday

RURAL NEW MEXICO GETS $84.3M IN FEDERALLY FUNDED LOANS, GRANTS

BYLINE: STAFF REPORT

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B-9

LENGTH: 436 words


Staff Report

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development provided more than $84
million in loans and grants throughout rural New Mexico.

The funds were used for the construction of water, wastewater and other
infrastructure projects and in support of business development and home
ownership.

"I am really proud of our Rural Development staff and I'm honored to be leading
an organization that makes such a difference in the lives of rural New
Mexicans," USDA Rural Development State Director Ryan Gleason said in a press
release. "Even during these difficult economic times, we have made possible the
creation of quality jobs, financed affordable housing and ensured that clean
water is available to those living in rural New Mexico. In fact, this was the
single most productive year in the history of our organization."

This was the single largest amount that Rural Development staff has ever funded
in a fiscal year. Through RD Programs, loans and grants were distributed to
rural New Mexicans in the following areas:

¥ The Business Program issued $22.8 million in federal funds for 15 business
projects that created or saved more than 206 jobs in rural New Mexico.

Business projects received more than $900,000 in grant money allocated to
nonprofit organizations for business studies or to provide equipment.

¥ The Water and Environmental Program financed a total of over $29.3 million in
loans and grants to build or refurbish 32 water and wastewater projects located
in communities of less than 10,000 people in rural New Mexico.

¥ The Community Facility Program financed 12 projects, including the
construction of numerous community buildings and the purchase of first responder
equipment, for a total of slightly more than $5 million.

¥ The Housing Program awarded loans and grants in the amount of $27.1 million in
several housing programs including mortgage loans to 355 families. This
financing included $7.8 million financed the remodeling of homes belonging to
the elderly and another $115,000 was given to a nonprofit to further assist in
the restoration of older homes through the Housing Preservation Grant (HPG)
program.

This also reflects a $1.3 million loan made in conjunction with other funding to
build the Falcon Ridge apartment complex which replaced the Los Caballos
apartments in Hatch that was destroyed by a flood in 2006.

USDA Rural Development's mission is to increase economic opportunity and improve
the quality of life in rural communities.

Further information on rural programs is available at a local USDA Rural
Development office or by visiting USDA's Web site at www.rurdev.usda.gov.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2008 The Taos News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             277 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                             July 17, 2007 Tuesday
                                 Metro Edition

Metro failing to meet housing goals;
Most cities lag far behind on affordable housing targets.

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 539 words


The poet Robert Frost couldn't linger in the woods, he wrote, because he had
"promises to keep, and miles to go before I sleep."

Dozens of Twin Cities local governments have miles to go in keeping promises
made a decade ago to expedite affordable housing within their borders. More than
100 metro cities, as part of the Livable Communities Act of 1995, pledged to add
106,000 affordable homes by 2010. In exchange, the Metropolitan Council offered
a broad array of development grants.

Now, 12 years later, the cities should be at least two-thirds of the way along
on their goals. But most have fallen far short, producing fewer than 42,000
affordable units, or about 40 percent of the target.

Some are doing well. St. Paul and New Brighton have exceeded their 2010 goals.
Minneapolis, Chaska, Coon Rapids, Minnetonka and Burnsville are ahead of
schedule. Eagan, Stillwater and Eden Prairie are nearing their goals on rental
units.

Other cities have made little progress, according to an analysis of 2005 Met
Council statistics by TCHousingPolicy.org, a research effort of St. Paul's
Housing Preservation Project and the University of Minnesota. Among major
suburbs, St. Louis Park, Brooklyn Park, Forest Lake, Apple Valley, Lakeville,
Woodbury, Bloomington and Maple Grove are falling far short. Excuses abound.
Most frequently cited are high land costs and low-density zoning that forbids
small lots and multifamily housing. Opportunities for affordable housing are so
bleak in the St. Croix valley that Washington County recently returned $440,789
in tax credits to the state for lack of proposals and possible sites.

Local governments can do nothing about land prices. But they can, and should,
provide the zoning to help achieve their affordable housing goals. If they can't
do that, they should offer density bonuses, or set-asides that require a few
affordable units in every market-rate project.

In reviewing a new round of comprehensive plans next year, the Metropolitan
Council should cast a skeptical eye on cities falling short of housing targets.
How can cities that failed to deliver in the 1995-2010 period be trusted to
succeed in the 2011-2020 period to be covered by the new plans?

Good plans aren't enough, said Timothy Thompson, president of the Housing
Preservation Project. "You have to act," he said, citing Chaska for actively
seeking affordable developments.

Indeed, a stronger political will and a greater sense of regional obligation is
needed. More than 170,000 lower-income families live in housing they cannot
afford. The central cities and inner suburbs should not be expected to house all
of the region's needy. A metropolitan community cannot be truly strong and
competitive without sharing this and other responsibilities.

AFFORDABLE HOUSING

Metro cities should be 67 percent on their way to meeting their 2010 targets.

- Best percentages so far: St. Francis, 152; Circle Pines, 143; New Brighton,
113; St. Anthony, 108; St. Paul, 105; Burnsville, 92; Coon Rapids, 85;
Minneapolis, 75; Minnetonka 73; Chaska, 71

- Worst percentages so far: Excelsior, 0; Dayton, 0.5; Long Lake, 1; Arden
Hills, 3; Mound, 4; Orono, 4; St. Louis Park, 9; Jordan, 10; Brooklyn Park, 10;
Vadnais Heights, 13.

Source: TCHousingPolicy.org

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2007 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             278 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                           January 14, 2009 Wednesday

HOUSING: Obama's Pick for HUD Secretary Earns Bipartisan Plaudits for Experience

BYLINE: Lynne Funk

SECTION: WASHINGTON; Pg. 5 Vol. 367 No. 33045

LENGTH: 687  words


Senate Banking Committee members yesterday praised Shaun Donovan,
President-elect Barack Obama's nominee to head the Department of Housing and
Urban Development, saying they expect that he will reinvigorate HUD, which has
languished under the Bush administration.

"I would say to my colleagues that Mr. Donovan is the most experienced nominee
for HUD secretary that this committee has considered in my long experience,"
said committee chairman Christopher Dodd, D-Conn.

Donovan, 42, has a great deal of experience with public finance, having served
as chairman of the New York City Housing Development Corp. and commissioner of
the city's Department of Housing Preservation and Development until last fall
when he left to work on the Obama campaign.

He was in charge of implementing New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg's $7.5
billion new housing marketplace plan to build or preserve 165,000 units for low-
and moderate-income families, which could provide housing for up to 500,000
residents by 2013.

"You will be one of the most significant figures in our overall financial
economy," agreed Sen. Jack Reed, D- R.I.

Donovan even drew praise fromSen. Mel Martinez, R-Fla., President Bush's first
HUD secretary until 2003, who said, "You are unusually qualified for the job."

The lawmakers indicated they would recommend the Senate confirm Donovan, and
Doddsaid he would schedule a committee vote as early as tomorrow.

Housing advocates also are hopeful that Donovan will reinvigorate the
department, which they say lost its focus on helping communities with affordable
housing initiatives in favor of home ownership under the Bush administration.

During the past eight years, the Bush administration tried to severely cut
funding for, or kill, several HUD programs that provide funds used in
conjunction with bonds, claiming the programs are inefficient.

The administration has tried to downsize the community development block grant
program, which provides grants to state and local governments to fund economic
development projects financed by muni bonds.

It also tried to abolish the HOPE VI program, which provides grants to public
housing authorities to demolish severely distressed public housing units and
replace them with mixed-use, mixed-income developments. The grants are often
used as leverage for projects that are financed with tax-exempt bonds.

Housing groups are pushing for more funding for those programs. The National
Association of Local Housing Finance Agencies and other state and local
government groups have been urging Obama's housing transition team to increase
funding for CDBG, among other HUD programs. NALHFA is seeking at least $10
billion in emergency CDBG funding as part of the expected stimulus package.

NALHFA executive director John Murphy and other housing group officials said
Donovan will be a boon to affordable housing issues.

"I think he'll do his best to ensure that HUD's mission, and particularly its
ability to be relevant in the mortgage crisis, so I think we will see proposals
coming out of this administration to focus even more closely to prevent people
from going into foreclosure," Murphy said.

During the hearing, Donovan told committee members that mitigating the
foreclosure crisis, possibly through tapping the Troubled Asset Relief Program,
will be his top priority if confirmed as HUD secretary.

"Housing is at the root of the market crisis we are now experiencing, and HUD
must be part of the solution," he said. "If I am confirmed, I look forward to
working with the committee as it examines how to proceed, not only in my
capacity as HUD secretary, but in my oversight roles with regard to the TARP and
the government-sponsored enterprises." He did not specifically tell the
committee how he and the Obama administration will address the rising number of
foreclosures.

"What I would tell you is that we are looking very carefully at the proposals
that yourself, that [House Financial Services Committee] chairman [Barney] Frank
and others are discussing around that," Donovan said, referring to the
lawmakers' proposals for using some of $350 billion allocation of TARP funds.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com/

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BB


                        Copyright 2009 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             279 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               March 18, 1982, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

LETTERS;
Housing for Disabled

SECTION: Section C; Page 11, Column 3; Home Desk

LENGTH: 350 words


TO THE HOME SECTION: I read with great interest your informative material on
accessible housing for disabled people (''Adapting a House for Itzhak Perlman,''
Feb. 25). This is a major issue facing many disabled New York City residents and
one that during the present housing crisis deserves serious attention.

While your mention of the Housing Data Bank as a resource for disabled people is
greatly appreciated, it is important to correct your statement about the
function of this project. The Data Bank does not list houses.

The Housing Data Bank Referral Service for the Handicapped is a computerized
central housing information service through which disabled persons who can live
independently are referred to apartments that are appropriate for their special
needs.

The data bank project is designed and administered by the nonprofit Settlement
Housing Fund, through a contract with the New York City Department of Housing
Preservation and Development and in cooperation with the Mayor's Office for the
Handicapped.

There is no fee for this referral service, which is provided through Community
Block Grant monies and is part of the New York City Fair Housing Strategy. Any
disabled New York City resident who is able to live independently or a family
with a disabled member can register with the data bank.

Currently, over 3,000 disabled individuals or families have participated, and
approximately 15 percent have already been assisted in their search for housing.

Those wishing additional information about the service can call the housing
referral specialist at the Mayor's Office for the Handicapped at 566-0972, or
they can write the Settlement Housing Fund, Suite 600, 1780 Broadway, New York,
N.Y. 10019.  SARAH KOLODNY Data Bank Director Settlement Housing Fund Inc.
Manhattan

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             280 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Gloucester Daily Times (Massachusetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 23, 2012 Thursday

Rockport CPA cash sought for housing

BYLINE: Marjorie Nesin, Gloucester Daily Times, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 862 words


Aug. 23--Rockport voters at Fall Town Meeting next month could help fund nearly
a quarter of the affordable housing in the town by approving a chunk of
Community Preservation Fund money to a nonprofit developer that's seeking to
secure the Broadway High School Apartments affordable elderly housing units.

The town's $250,000 contribution from the Community Preservation Fund would be
granted to Harborlight Community Partners for the Beverly-based nonprofit's
attempt at taking the reins of the affordable housing complex.

"What we're trying to do is acquire the project and preserve it as affordable
elder housing for the long term," said Harborlight Executive Director Andrew
DeFranza.

Harborlight would use the money to demonstrate the town's expressed interest in
the affordable housing unit and put the money in an account for current projects
and operating reserves, DeFranza said. The town would be the project's first
backer as Harborlight seeks grants and funds from other contributors toward the
$2.1 million purchase.

The town's Community Preservation Act fund is fueled by the voter-approved 3
percent surcharge on property taxes and the partially matching state CPA money
drawn from property deeds fees. Rockport pulled in about $156,398 from the state
in addition to the town's own surcharge pool of $419,645 from fiscal 2012,
according to Community Preservation Committee chair Mary B. Francis.

Francis said the $250,000 contribution from the town's community preservation
pot, signed forward Tuesday night for the warrant for the Fall Town Meeting,
will demonstrate the town's support of the project to Harborlight's other
potential backers.

"They have to show that Rockport cares enough to want to help them," Francis
said. "So this will be one of the first grant monies that they can show to the
other folks that they'll also be approaching for financial support."

Community Preservation Act money can be applied to three types of projects:
historic preservation, open space and recreation, and affordable housing
endeavors.

The 31 units at the Broadway complex, which Harborlight would purchase with the
town's contribution, make up 23 percent of the town's affordable housing stock,
statistics show. Harborlight used town funds similarly to purchase the Pigeon
Cove Ledges affordable housing facility in 2011, securing 22 percent of the
town's affordable housing with that buy.

"Harborlight has a history of good management, sound financial practices, and
improving the purchases they buy," Francis said. "We were delighted that
Harborlight was interested in this property to own and manage because they've
done such a good job with Pigeon Cove."

DeFranza said that now is the time for the purchase. The current owners' lease
hit its 15-year half point in 2011, allowing the owners to place the complex on
the market -- first for sale to a non-profit, then on the open market. By
purchasing the affordable housing while it sits in the non-profit market,
Harborlight prevents the apartment complex from moving to the open market and
losing its affordable rental status.

DeFranza called the potential transition "organic," and said that, if
Harborlight is able to take over the apartments, the complex will continue to
run in the same fashion.

"It just means the ownership structure would change," DeFranza said.

If residents at Fall Town Meeting approve appropriating the funds, Harborlight
will reach out to the U.S. Department of Agriculture for approval in
transferring the existing lease and loans from the Broadway High School
Apartments' current owner to Harborlight, and would likely finish the process by
the first quarter of 2013.

"We really celebrate what Rockport did at Pigeon Cove, and we want to do it
again," DeFranza said. "We will have protected half the affordable housing stock
in Rockport in those two transactions."

Grouped in with the vote to release funds to Harborlight, are four other dollar
appropriations included in Article I for Town Meeeting.

The Community Preservation Committee is also requesting the town's approval to
apply $42,000 in funds to the historic restoration and preservation of the
Rockport American Legion Building, $60,000 to the Conservation Trust Fund for
future projects, $75,000 to a nonprofit mortgage and rent assistance program,
and $11,000 for paying the committee's administrative expenses.

The Community Preservation Committee has appropriated $5 million in community
funding since its inception in 2001. Each year, Francis said, the panel receive
a number of proposals the committee would like to fund and must choose a handful
of projects. Francis said she hopes residents will see the importance of
affordable housing in Rockport when they vote on Sept. 10.

"This way, we will be preserving the affordable housing stock for Rockport,"
Francis said. "That's very important to us, because we don't have a lot of
affordable housing in this community."

Marjorie Nesin can be reached at 978-283-7000, x3451, or at
mnesin@gloucestertimes.com

___ (c)2012 the Gloucester Daily Times (Gloucester, Mass.) Visit the Gloucester
Daily Times (Gloucester, Mass.) at www.gloucestertimes.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120823-GS-Rockport-CPA-cash-sought-for-housing-0823-20120823

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GS


                     Copyright 2012 Gloucester Daily Times


                             281 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bulletin (Bend, Oregon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 15, 2009 Sunday

Affordable housing gets a boost: In Central Oregon, the effort was just awarded
$3.89M in grants, tax credits and loans to contractors

BYLINE: Hillary Borrud, The Bulletin, Bend, Ore.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 664 words


Nov. 15--Thousands of low-income people in Central Oregon struggle to find
apartments and houses they can afford to rent.

The stateï¿½s housing agency wants to add affordable housing units and keep the
existing ones in good repair. On Friday, the agency announced it awarded about
$3.89 million in grants, tax credits and loans to contractors in Central Oregon
for affordable housing preservation and construction projects.

Statewide, Oregon Housing and Community Services awarded $70.5 million in
funding.

Oregon Housing and Community Services handed out most of the funds as part of
its normal funding cycle, said Lisa Joyce, policy and communication manager for
Oregon Housing and Community Services. Two of the local projects that received
funding are aimed at preserving existing affordable housing. Joyce said the
region cannot stand to lose any affordable housing because demand is already
higher than the supply.

More than 78,000 low-income rental households in Crook, Deschutes and Jefferson
counties are rent burdened, which means the tenants have to spend more than 30
percent of their income on housing, according to Oregon Housing and Community
Services.

In Bend, Oregon Housing and Community Services awarded $3.47 million in grants
and tax credits to Northwest Housing Alternatives, for a $6 million preservation
project to maintain the 52 one-bedroom units at the Quimby Apartments on
Northeast Quimby Avenue. The apartments are project-based Section 8 rentals,
which means the rental subsidies are available to the people who live there.

ï¿½This particular round of funding will replace the roof, windows and exterior
finishing of the building and preserve that housing for senior citizens,ï¿½
Joyce said.

ï¿½To the extent weï¿½ve been able to identify, there is demand for a couple
hundred more elderly and disabled (housing) units. Itï¿½s very important that we
keep this housing stock,ï¿½ she said.

Funding for the Quimby Apartments project includes a $100,000 grant from the
state Housing Trust Fund, a $1.2 million federal grant, a $441,050 federal tax
credit, a $1.7 million state tax credit and $33,000 for weatherization of
low-income housing, according to a news release from Oregon Housing and
Community Services. Affordable housing providers can raise money by selling the
tax credits to investors, who use the credits to reduce their tax liability.

In Redmond, Oregon Hous- ing and Community Services loaned $375,000 to
TimberRiver Development Inc. for costs related to construction of the High
Desert Commons Project, which will provide 28 family units of affordable housing
between Salmon Avenue and Reindeer Avenue, west of Southwest Canal Boulevard.

The agency is also trying to prevent people who live at Grasshopper Village on
Northwest 10th Street in Prineville from losing their Section 8 rental
subsidies, which are attached to the apartments.

The owners no longer want to maintain the affordable housing project, so Oregon
Housing and Community Services provided a $40,000 loan to cover some of the
costs of transferring the property to the Northwest Real Estate Capital Corp.,
which will keep Grasshopper Village as affordable housing, Joyce said.

ï¿½We have a lot of interest in providing the ... financing to make that
possible,ï¿½ Joyce said.

Hillary Borrud can be reached at 541-617-7829 or at hborrud@bendbulletin.com

ARTICLE ACCESS: This article is among those available to all readers. Many more
articles are available only to E-Edition members. Sign up today!

* print

Share -- e-mail Facebook Tweet Digg StumbleUpon Delicious Google Yahoo Buzz

To see more of The Bulletin or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.bendbulletin.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Bulletin, Bend, Ore.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091115-BB-Affordable-housing-gets-a-boost-1115

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BB


                          Copyright 2009 The Bulletin


                             282 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 15, 2014 Friday

Utah: EPA Provides $300,000 in Grants and Loans to Clean Up Contaminated
Properties in the Bronx; Funding will Help Create Over 150 Affordable Housing
Units

LENGTH: 453  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Environmental Protection Agency, The State of Utah has issued the following news
release:

Environmental Protection Agency is providing a total of $300,000 in grants and
low-interest loans to the City of New York to clean up abandoned and
contaminated properties. The funding is being awarded under the EPA's
brownfields program, which helps communities assess, clean up, and reuse
properties at which moderate contamination threatens environmental quality and
public health and can interfere with redevelopment.

"Cleaning up brownfields sites allows abandoned and contaminated sites to be
cleaned up and revitalized as new parks, new housing and businesses that create
jobs," said EPA Regional Administrator Judith A. Enck. "This funding will
protect the health of area residents, and will help revitalize neighborhoods."

Revolving loan funds supply funding for grant recipients to provide loans and
sub-grants to carry out cleanup activities at brownfield sites. When these loans
are repaid, the loan amounts are then returned into the fund and re-loaned to
other borrowers. This provides an ongoing source of capital within a community
as the funds are provided to other grantees.

The City of New York will receive $300,000 in grants and low-interest loans to
clean up sites being used for new housing in the Bronx. The New York City
Department of Housing Preservation and Development will use a $120,000 grant to
construct a 57-unit affordable housing project on 491 E. 165th Street and 1052
Washington Avenue. This project that will result in 19 affordable units and 38
units of supportive housing. Supportive housing is a combination of affordable
housing and support services designed to help individuals and families following
a period of homelessness, hospitalization or incarceration, or for youth aging
out of foster care. The South Bronx Overall Economic Development Corporation
will use a $60,000 grant and a $120,000 low-interest loan to build an affordable
housing project at 996 Washington Avenue that will result in 95 units to serve
formerly homeless individuals.

There are an estimated 450,000 abandoned and contaminated sites in the United
States. The EPA's Brownfields Program targets these sites to encourage
redevelopment, and help to provide the opportunity for productive community use
of contaminated properties. The EPA's brownfields investments overall have
leveraged more than $20 billion in cleanup and redevelopment funding from public
and private sources and on average, $17.79 is leveraged for every EPA
Brownfields grant dollar spent. The funds have enabled the support of 90,000
jobs in cleanup, construction and redevelopment.

For further information please visit: http://yosemite.epa.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             283 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                October 22, 1990

Four State Housing Agency Programs Win Awards

SECTION: AFFORDABLE HOUSING; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 520 words

DATELINE: ATLANTA


Programs of four state housing finance agencies were recognized by the National
Council of State Housing Agencies at its annual conference held here.

Maine State Housing Authority's Housing Preservation Loan Program won in the
home ownership category.

The program provides funds for very-low-income homeowners to make repairs.  It
is a community-based loan fund which works with conventional lenders.

MSHA establishes capital through annual grants and established a secondary
market to purchase HPLP loans from non-profits.

"The program began in 1987 as a way to match Farmers Home Administration funds,
but dropped the match requirement this year and expanded to leverage local
capital.

Since it began, MSHA has provided $ 2.5 million and leveraged another $ 6
million from other sources.

About 500 families have been served and another 300 are expected to be served by
the end of 1990.

The Virginia Housing Development Authority's Single Family Affordable Housing
Program also was chosen as outstanding in the home ownership category.

The program is supposed to increase the stock of affordable single-family homes;
provide home ownership opportunities for lower-income families and develop a
self-supporting program which does not rely on state or Federal subsidies.

Since its inception in 1989, the program has made $ 20 million available from
the Virginia Housing Fund.

To date 152 homes will have been financed through the end of June.

The Michigan State Housing Development Authority's Multifamily Taxable Bonding
Program was the winner of the rental housing category.

MSHDA authorized a $ 50 million program of taxable bond debt financing for
self-insured multifamily housing developments either newly-constructed or
rehabilitated, for which the developer has been awarded Low Income Housing Tax
Credits.

Loans of up to 70% of the actual cost of the development may be made, with the
30% or more equity contribution coming from syndication and sale of the tax
credit.

As of June 1990, five projects, with 480 units were closed or under
construction, with mortgages totalling $ 15 million.

Nine more projects, totalling almost one thousand units and over $ 33 million in
mortgages, have received a loan commitment or are being processed for one.

Of the special housing needs entries, the Maryland Community Development
Administration's Group Home Acquisition Program stood out.

Group Home loans are available to individuals and nonprofit organizations to
construct or acquire and modify existing housing to serve as group homes and
temporary and emergency shelters for low-income persons and households with
special housing needs.

The program was created in 1986 by the Maryland General Assembly and became
effective in July 1987.

The program is funded through state appropriations and has received a total of $
13.0 million over the past four fiscal years.

As of July 1990, the program has closed 97 loans, which are providing housing
for 367 low-income individuals.

The program provides 100% financing with flexible loan terms.

The interest rates range from one to four percent.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1990 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             284 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             March 28, 2005 Monday
                                  All Editions

Plantation meeting goes without a hitch

BYLINE: BEURMOND BANVILLE OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B3

LENGTH: 463 words


ST. JOHN PLANTATION - Residents of this small St. John Valley plantation seem to
be happy with their municipal affairs as few of them attended the annual meeting
Saturday, when questions could be counted on one hand.

On Thursday, six municipal positions were filled by fewer than 40 residents who
cast ballots. Thirteen of them attended the meeting Saturday, and two others
arrived as the 18-minute meeting was ending.

Annual meeting moderator Paul Grant, who has been running meetings in town for
30 years, except when he was a selectman himself for a couple of years, moved
things along quickly. He conducted two meetings - the annual meeting and a
special plantation meeting because one article was left off the annual meeting
warrant.

One resident, with tongue in cheek, wanted to know whether Grant would get $25
for each session he moderated. Grant said he would donate the fee for the second
session to the plantation.

"The motion is carried without opposition," he said 31 times during the two
meetings.

All motions to accept the articles Grant was reading were made by John
Pelletier. Other residents seconded his motions, and the meeting moved quickly.

"Was there any money left in that account?" one resident asked when no money was
sought for general assistance. "Why isn't there an amount of money for Catholic
Charities Maine?" another asked when there was no amount.

There was money left in general assistance, and Catholic Charities Maine did not
make a request for money this year, they were told.

Elected to one-year terms as first, second and third selectmen Thursday were
Joella McBreairty, Normand Marquis and Levite Gene Lizotte, respectively. Joyce
Martin was re-elected town clerk, treasurer and tax collector.

On Saturday residents approved the expenditure of $94,653. Of that amount,
$28,752 will come from property taxes. The remainder of the money, $65,901,
comes from motor vehicle excise tax revenues.

The expenditures do not include the plantation's share of the Aroostook County
budget and SAD 27 expenses. In 2004 those costs were $14,406 for the county tax
and $141,163 for education.

The largest expense the town has is for solid waste disposal at $21,000. That is
followed by officers' salaries at $20,900.

Residents agreed to spend up to $15,000 to fund an application to the Community
Development Block Grant program for a community planning grant. The grant would
pay for a survey of all disabled and handicapped residents who may need home
renovations of adaptive equipment. The committee overseeing grant applications
also will be looking at assisted living housing, fire protection and
recreational programs as municipal needs.

In the past year, 41 residents have benefited from a $231,800 Community
Development Block Grant for housing preservation.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Bangor Daily News


                             285 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                             July 5, 2008 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITION

BOOK TO HIGHLIGHT 20 SIGNIFICANT STATE HOMES;
THE WISCONSIN HISTORICAL SOCIETY PRESS IS LOOKING FOR NOMINATIONS.

BYLINE: By GEORGE HESSELBERG ghesselberg@madison.com 608-252-6140

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 611 words


It could be that the stone for the house foundation was cut from Wisconsin
granite or hauled from Wisconsin riverbeds.

It might be that the home was a lumber baron's personal interpretation of what a
proper mansion should look like.

Or it might already be one of the 15,463 homes listed in the National Registry
of Historic Places in Wisconsin.

What it will be is one of 20. That is the number decided upon by the Wisconsin
Historical Society Press to be included in a book - "Wisconsin's Own" - about
"Wisconsin's magnificent residential legacy that grew from the land and its
resources."

To find the representative 20 out of thousands and thousands of houses in the
state, the society will tap the historical expertise of its staff, the writing
talents and skill of noted publishing duo M. Caren Connolly and Louis Wasserman,
and the pocketbook of the Jeffris Family Foundation, of Janesville.

The Jeffris foundation has been matching dollar for dollar, and providing
outright grants, for restoration efforts around Wisconsin for nearly 20 years.
Its list of projects weaves a web of preservation in every geographical and
cultural corner, from the Stoughton Opera House to the Fairlawn Mansion in
Superior.

Connolly and her partner, Louis Wasserman, are a Milwaukee-based team with 10
years' writing experience on topics architectural, including books on cottages,
bungalows and ranch homes.

Since the Jeffris foundation is providing a $250,000 grant to publish the book,
does that give any of the Jeffris restoration projects a step up for inclusion
in the chosen 20?

"There is no guarantee," said Kathy Borkowski, director of the Wisconsin
Historical Society Press. "We are pulling together ideas of how we are going to
select, the authors are contacting their friends and putting feelers out there,"
she said, adding there are likely a couple of "givens," such as Villa Louis, or
Wingspread in Racine.

"We will decide as a group, come together with the staff, historical
preservationists, and really look at how the houses fit in terms of geographic
diversity, style of house. Everything is wide open," she said.

Publishing a book of this type is an expensive proposition, so Jeffris
underwriting will make it affordable, Borkowski hopes.

A photographer has yet to be chosen for the project, she said.

Connolly invited suggestions. Once reviewed, "we'll have a big pinup session,
with possibly 100 candidates, and go over the pros and cons," Connolly said.

She and Wasserman warmed to the book's topic because "Wisconsin is a very
diverse state, with lots of natural resources. ... What we would like to draw on
are houses that exploit, in the best sense of that word, those things."

She emphasized the cultural aspect of a significant house, something that makes
a house a home.

Does she have a favorite example?

"Yes, the one where I raised my children," she said.

SUGGEST A HOUSE

Do you have a suggestion for a house to be included in "Wisconsin's Own?"

The Wisconsin Historical Society and authors M. Caren Connolly and Louis
Wasserman are looking for house nominations for the book, to be published in
2010, of "historically and architecturally significant homes."

Suggestions can be sent by email to: caren@ticon.net, by mail to
Connolly-Wasserman, 828 N. Broadway, Suite 601, Milwaukee WI 53202 or by
telephone to 414-271-6474.

Some of the criteria: The best in aesthetic and artistic residential
architecture.

Represent Wisconsin architecture history, innovation and influence.

Have a special and contributing social, technological, industrial or historical
story.

Representative of diverse residential types.

Representative of diverse indigenous landscape and natural resources.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: La Crosse Tribune Villa Louis in Prairie du Chien will likely be one of
20 houses in a planned book on notable state homes. Other suggestions are
welcome.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             286 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             August 22, 2014 Friday

Affordable housing project begins in Chicago

SECTION: STATE_; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 152 words


Affordable housing project begins in Chicago

Associated Press

U.S. Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Julian Castro was in Chicago to
break ground on a new public housing project.

Mayor Rahm Emanuel, Alderman Willie Cochran and officials from Preservation of
Affordable Housing Inc. joined the Obama administration official. The Wednesday
ceremony begins work on The Burnham housing project and METROsquash facility in
Chicago's Woodlawn neighborhood.

The development is part of Woodlawn Park. It is a mixed-income, mixed-use
development on the site of the former Grove Parc apartment complex.

The Burnham will have 64 affordable housing units for seniors and METROsquash is
a 19,300-square-foot squash and academic facility for young people.

Both projects should open in 2016.

In 2011, the city and Preservation of Affordable Housing received a $30.5
million federal grant to support new and renovated housing.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             287 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                            October 12, 2003 Sunday

Rialto grants help with home upgrades

BYLINE: SCOTT VANHORNESTAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 422 words


RIALTO - Some Riverside Avenue residents once toldvisitors to look for the two
cypress trees growing in Ila Woods's front yard.

The massive evergreens were almost impossible to miss, sothey were a perfect
landmark for anyone giving directions.

But when cypress roots started cracking the sidewalk, Woodsand her husband had
to cut the trees down.

"The people around would say they don't know where to turnanymore," the
73-year-old Riverside Avenue resident said.

The confusion didn't last long.

Soon after the trees were removed about a year ago, thecouple landed a $5,000
grant from the city's Riverside Avenue Beautification Program, and they
repainted their home and made other outside improvements.

Now the bright white house with yellow trim is a landmark initself.

"They all know where to turn again," Woods said. "We callit our happy house.
It's almost like we need one of those little, yellow happy faces."

The beautification program, which started in 1999 andwrapped up this year,
helped 24 Riverside Avenue homeowners spruce up their houses, and now there's
another version that targets residents on other well-traveled streets.

"The city is trying to improve its image out there and alsoeliminate blight at
the same time," said John Dutrey, a housing preservation specialist with the
Rialto Redevelopment Agency.

The city plans to spend about $100,000 in redevelopmentfunds to finance the
program that targets homes on sections of Sycamore, Eucalyptus, Acacia, Merrill
and Rialto avenues near downtown.

Homeowners have to meet income requirements to qualify. Forexample, a family of
four would have to earn $61,000 or less to be eligible. The grants max out at
$5,000 for residential properties and $2,500 for rentals. Rental owners also
have to pitch in matching funds.

Homeowners can't use the money for interior projects, andcity officials must
approve the projects, which can include sprinkler systems, new front doors and
sidewalks.

Dutrey said city employees are already searching for homesthat might qualify for
the program, and they'll send letters out soon.

City officials hope the home improvements will encourageresidents, including
those who don't qualify for the program, to keep their houses looking nice.

Maggie Purl, who used grant money about two years ago toimprove her home, said
she takes pride in how her house looks.

"It made us want to keep up the house and keep it lookingpretty," she said.

For more information, call [909] 879-1140.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2003 Valley Daily Bulletin


                             288 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            August 15, 2013 Thursday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

W'burg co-op bigs back Vito

BYLINE: BY TANAY WARERKAR and REUVEN BLAU NEW YORK DAILY NEWS

SECTION: BROOKLYN NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 369 words


RESIDENTS at a Williamsburg middle income housing complex are being asked to
help put scandal-scarred Vito Lopez back into public office.

The 21-member board of directors at the Lindsay Park Housing Corp. mailed
pro-Lopez literature earlier this week to residents of all 2,702 apartments at
the Mitchell-Lama co-op.

The two-page missive credited Lopez with helping to bring an array of positive
developments to the cash-strapped complex, including a $12.9 million state
weatherization grant.

"Without the help of our elected officials, Vito Lopez and (City Councilman)
Erik Dilan, we could not have accomplished all this," the letter concludes.

The thinly veiled campaign literaturesaid nothing about the creepy come-ons
Lopez used in tormenting eight women who worked in his office, or the
blockbuster state Ethics Commission investigation that forced him to resign his
Assembly seat in May.

The letter is technically not illegal - even though the board relies heavily on
city funds.

"A board's endorsement does not affect the shareholders' ability to support a
different candidate," a city Housing Preservation and Development official said.

Still, critics slammed it.

"It's outrageous that this publicly subsidized development would use taxpayer
dollars to advocate on behalf of a despicable sexual predator's campaign for
City Council," said Lincoln Restler, who is supporting Lopez's opponent Antonio
Reynoso.

Lopez was also scheduled to make a rare campaign appearance at the seven-buiding
complex on Wednesday.

Lindsay Park Housing Corp. president Cora Austin did not respond to requests for
comment.

Before the scandal broke last year, Lopez chaired the Assembly Housing Committee
and helped funnel millions to developments such as Lindsay Park. He was also
Brooklyn's Democratic Party boss.

He's running to succeed his term-limited former staffer, Councilwoman Diana
Reyna (D-Bushwick), in a last-ditch effort to salvage his tarnished reputation -
but some residents have had enough.

"Lopez is probably doing them lots of political favors in exchange (for)
support," said Tony Rodriguez, 53, who has lived in the complex for more than 30
years. "Regardless, I would never vote for someone like Lopez."

rblau@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NLVL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Daily News, L.P.


                             289 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           October 22, 2002, Tuesday

A plum for Banana Kelly Feds offer 700G despite probes, tax woes

BYLINE: By BILL EGBERT DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SUBURBAN; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 462 words

Though it's under investigation by state and federal authorities, embroiled in
an epic foreclosure battle with the city and in arrears for more than $3 million
in unpaid city taxes and water and sewer charges, a Bronx organization
apparently still has somebody on its side - a federal housing agency.

The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development yesterday announced a
$700,000 grant to Banana Kelly Community Improvement Association Inc. for a
vocational training program for at-risk youth.

The organization, once hailed as a model of grass-roots community renewal, is
now in court trying to keep the city's Housing Preservation and Development
Department from seizing 22 buildings that HPD says have been neglected and are
in desperate need of repair and new management.

HPD is sitting on $8 million in funding allocated for the repairs, worried that
if the money were handed over to the heavily indebted Banana Kelly, the group's
creditors could immediately seize the cash.

A spokesman for HUD said the Youthbuild Program funding will be closely
monitored.

"The competition for Youthbuild funds is based on helping young people who need
a second chance to reach their full potential," said HUD spokesman Adam Glantz.

"If there is any indication that these funds are not used for that purpose, HUD
will take immediate and appropriate action," he said.

In 2001, HPD pressed Yolanda Rivera, chairwoman of Banana Kelly's board, to cede
management of the 22 buildings to the South East Bronx Community Organization.

Then in January, the department decided that Rivera also should hand over to the
community organization the deeds to the 22 buildings, in order to protect the
repair funding from Banana Kelly's creditors.

Rivera's response, HPD officials said, was to renege on Banana Kelly's written
agreement transferring management to the South East Bronx Community
Organization, retaking control of all 22 buildings and sending all parties into
Bronx state Supreme Court.

In the latest development, Rivera invoked her Fifth Amendment right against
self-incrimination more than 100 times during questioning at the court hearing
Thursday.

The questions Rivera refused to answer ranged from questions about a number of
five-figure checks allegedly made out to Rivera from Banana Kelly funds, to
straightforward questions such as "What is Banana Kelly Community Improvement
Association Inc.?"

Justice Paul Victor ruled against Banana Kelly the next day, granting a
temporary restraining order reinstating the management-transfer agreement and
ordering Banana Kelly to turn over to the court all records of its management of
the buildings - including an accounting of all rents collected, monies expended
and assets held in reserve.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2002 Daily News, L.P.


                             290 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 6, 1983, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

CITY PROPOSES HOUSING FOR DISPUTED WEST SIDE SITE

BYLINE: By LEE A. DANIELS

SECTION: Section B; Page 7, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 734 words


In an effort to resolve a two-decade- old controversy, the Koch administration
is proposing that a 162-unit apartment complex be built on one of the last
vacant sites in the huge West Side Urban Renewal Area. The complex would be
built and maintained with both public and private funds.

If the proposal is approved, the development will rise on a 30,123- square-foot
plot on the west side of Columbus Avenue between 90th and 91st Streets.

Forty-eight of the apartments will be reserved for elderly people who qualify
for Federal rent subsidies. The remaining 114 apartments will be rented at
market rates.

The proposal for the parcel, officially designated as Site 30, has been crafted
with great care by the city, officials said, because the site has long been a
focus of dispute.

Case Went to Supreme Court

In the 1970's, one lawsuit concerning whether housing for low-income people
could be developed there was heard by the United States Supreme Court. Another
lawsuit over who the private developer should be has been in the state courts
for a decade.

Site 30 is symbolic of the controversies that have engulfed the West Side
renewal effort from its beginning in 1958, delaying its completion long past the
original 1970 target date. The 20- block renewal area is bounded by Central Park
West, Amsterdam Avenue, West 87th Street and West 97th Street.

The city proposal is to be presented tonight at a public meeting of Community
Board 7, the local planning board that includes the urban renewal area. The
meeting will be at 7 P.M. at the Red Oak Senior Citizen Housing Center at 135
West 106th Street.

Officials of the city's Department of Housing Preservation and Development and
of the New York City Housing Authority declined to discuss the proposal until it
has been formally presented. But details were provided by individuals familiar
with it.

Under the proposal, the Housing Authority would build and operate the part of
the complex that would accommodate the elderly.

Money Set Aside Long Ago

Part of the rental cost for these apartments would be paid with funds from the
Federal Section 8 housing subsidy program. The program itself no longer exists,
but the funds for the project were set aside years ago.

The private developer would build the section containing nonsubsidized
apartments. The Housing Preservation and Development Department is involved
because it is responsible for all activity related to the renewal plan.

The proposal for Site 30 is part of the fifth revision of the original renewal
plan introduced in 1958. The original goal was to rehabilitate and, where
necessary, replace the dilapidated residences that once marked the area.

Nearly 5,400 government-subsidized apartments in more than 130 new and renovated
structures have been built in the area for low- to middle-income people,
according to city officials.

This work, done under the aegis of the city, state, and Federal governments, in
turn has stimulated the renovation of another 2,300 housing units by the private
sector, city officials said.

The final plans call for an additional 1,300 units of housing - including the
Site 30 proposal - to be built as rentals, cooperatives and condominiums on
seven vacant sites on Amsterdam and Columbus Avenues, said Robert Reach, an
official of the housing department.

Other Approval Is Needed

Tonight's scheduled presentation before the community board is just the first
step in getting the Site 30 plan approved. It must also be approved by the City
Planning Commission and the City Board of Estimate.

City officials said they are are confident the plan will attract broad-based
support.

But at least one community group, consisting primarily of owners of townhouses
and brownstones on the West Side, is expected to oppose the plan.

Steven Kunreuther, a spokesman for the homeowners group, said the city had
promised to limit subsidized housing in future projects to 20 percent of the
total units.

Other groups, like the Stryker's Bay Neighborhood Council, have argued that too
little housing is being built in the area for families with low or moderate
incomes.

An additional complicating factor is that the private developer has not yet been
decided upon. The LeFrak Organization was named years ago to build housing on
the site, but it is unclear whether it will be allowed to do so.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             291 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                            November 9, 2010 Tuesday
                                  1ST Edition

BYLINE: Shelby Sebens; Shelby.Sebens@StarNewsOnline.com

SECTION: Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 408 words


More than 50 rotting trees are posing a danger to the residents of Hillcrest, a
local public housing community in Wilmington.

The proximity of the dying trees to homes has prompted the Wilmington Housing
Authority to remove the trees before someone is hurt.

A landscape architect who is doing some redesigns at area housing units
discovered 62 of the 179 trees on the property had signs of rotting and
suggested they be removed considering how close they are to homes, pedestrians
and vehicles.

But Mike Krause, executive director of the Wilmington Housing Authority, wanted
a second opinion. So the authority hired Connolly Tree Preservation to assess
the trees, and they determined nine of the trees could be brought back to health
but the rest would have to go.

"We just wanted to be certain that it was absolutely necessary," Krause said of
getting the second opinion.

Greg Connolly of Connolly Tree Preservation said the majority of the trees are
laurel oaks, which have a life expectancy of about 70 years. The trees at
Hillcrest are close to 90 years old, he said.

Connolly said the branching structures of the trees are weak and there is
extensive decay in the canopies as well as the trunks.

He said if they were live oaks, which are stronger wooded trees, they would be
more inclined to save them. He also said the recommendation for removal comes
because the trees pose a risk to pedestrians and residents.

Krause said the authority estimates it will cost about $180,000 to remove the
trees. The housing authority has to go through the bidding process to award a
contract for the job and the removal likely won't begin until January or
February at the earliest, Krause said.

The trees might not be the only thing coming down at Hillcrest. The housing
authority is applying for a grant to tear down the aged building and rebuild.

Krause said the application for a $200,000 planning grant is due Nov. 26. That
grant would help the authority apply for a U.S. Department of Urban Housing and
Development Choice Neighborhoods grant that could yield up to $31 million.

Krause said Hillcrest was built in 1941 and architects have confirmed that it
would make more sense to demolish and rebuild as opposed to rehabbing.

"It is obsolete to say the least," he said of the buildings.

If the authority gets the grant - which Krause said is a long shot - the new
buildings would remain public housing.

Shelby Sebens: 343-2076

On Twitter.com: @ShelbySebens

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2010 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             292 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 31, 1993, Sunday, Late Edition - Final
                              Correction Appended

THE 1993 CAMPAIGN: Housing -- The Agenda;
Housing's Waiting List Includes Policy for Growth

BYLINE: By SHAWN G. KENNEDY

SECTION: Section 1; Page 42; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1479 words


Choosing to focus on one of the more visible aspects of New York City's chronic
housing shortage -- homelessness -- the mayoral candidates have given scant
campaign attention to housing preservation and redevelopment issues.

But the challenge to the city's next mayor -- the Democratic incumbent, David N.
Dinkins, or Rudolph W. Giuliani, a Republican-Liberal -- will remain how to best
use city housing resources in the face of shrinking revenues, and how to balance
complex redevelopment needs with conflicting social and political interests.

There are 270,000 families on the waiting list for public housing. Many now wait
10 years or more to be placed. Yet Housing Authority officials say there are
worrisome signs that neighborhood opposition to new public housing will
jeopardize Federal financing for some of the 2,000 units in development.

Federal rules are similar to the "fair share" provision in the new City Charter,
which says public housing and similar services should be spread throughout the
city, rather than concentrated only in low-income areas. That policy, however,
is generating political opposition in middle-class neighborhoods where some of
the new housing is planned.

Landlord by Default

On the fiscal side, the city is losing an estimated $130 million a year in tax
revenues because of landlords who have lost their buildings in property-tax
foreclosures. While officials say the city's portfolio of these units has been
reduced by nearly 10,000 in the past four years, New York remains the landlord
to the tenants in 30,000 such apartments.

Moreover, housing experts say a sharp rise in the number of apartment buildings
in default raises the prospect of a new wave of foreclosures and abandonments.
Statistics show that the number of residential properties in tax default more
than doubled in 1992, to 8,428 from 3,999.

Most housing advocates give Mayor Dinkins credit for maintaining the city's
housing initiatives despite fiscal constraints. This week, he unveiled a new
package of programs intended to build on current initiatives. The most
innovative among them are plans to turn unsold luxury co-op and condominium
units into apartments for middle-income families and to put public housing
residents into homes of their own.

Even as a worsening economy has tightened the city's finances, New York has
stayed ahead of a 1986 pledge to create at least 47,000 new apartments before
the mid-1990's.

The commitment, made by former Mayor Edward I. Koch, remains the city's most
ambitious housing plan. During the Dinkins administration, the Department of
Housing Preservation and Development has created 22,000 apartments in formerly
vacant buildings, much of it as permanent housing for the homeless; helped
finance the rehabilitation of 21,000 units in privately owned buildings, and
paid for some of the construction of 5,000 new homes for low- and
moderate-income first-time buyers.

These and other home-ownership initiatives have helped revitalize neighborhoods
throughout the South Bronx, Central and East Harlem and Brooklyn.

But Mr. Giuliani argues that the Dinkins administration has concentrated on
programs that perpetuate the city's involvement in housing, rather than private
participation.  Most specifically, he has criticized the administration for
holding too long to to buildings taken in taken in property-tax foreclosures.
Mr. Dinkins does agree with Mr. Giuliani that more private participation is
essential to any long-term solutions to the city's affordable housing crisis.

Except for remarks made during a televised debate with Mayor Dinkins and two
other candidates in early August, Mr. Giuliani has not set a housing agenda or
given a speech on housing matters. Mr. Giuliani has acknowledged the city's
achievements. But the former Federal prosecutor, who was born in the Flatbush
section of Brooklyn, has said he still sees neighborhoods suffering from the
effects of neglect. He sees landlords teetering on he brink of financial ruin as
they struggle to pay taxes and maintenance bills on meager rent receipts.

Mr. Giuliani's advisers say his main goals would be to rid the city of the
buildings that were taken over in tax foreclosures, greatly expand opportunities
to own homes and use more resources to help owners of the crumbling buildings
where low- and moderate-income renters live.

Focusing on Private Owners

William J. Grinker, a Democrat and former head of the city's Human Resources
Administration, is Mr. Giuliani's social policy adviser. In trying to reduce the
buildings for which the city acts as landlord, he said, Mr. Giuliani would first
restore a program that put these buildings in the hands of private owners.

"There were some abuses in POMP," he said, referring to the Private Ownership
and Management Program, which was scrapped by the city during the Dinkins
administration after complaints from housing advocates that some new landlords
were not meeting their obligations. "But the city can't afford to ignore this
source of housing managers."

Mr. Grinker said abuse could be prevented by increasing oversight, tightening
the requirements and encouraging small, neighborhood owners to take the
buildings rather than focusing on attracting large housing management companies.

Mr. Grinker said that under a Giuliani administration, more buildings would be
released by encouraging residents to take advantage of the Tenant Interim Lease
program, which sells buildings to tenants as low-income co-ops.

Incentives for Tenants

"If you lifted some restrictions -- like the limit on the profit from resale --
more tenants would probably be interested," Mr. Grinker said.

To avert another wave of apartment building abandonment, Mr. Giuliani would
carry out an emergency hardship program to help owners on the brink of default.
It would use city resources and private lenders.

A centerpiece of Mr. Giuliani's housing policy would be the expansion of home
ownership opportunities, Mr. Grinker said, adding that less would be spent on
the development of rental housing and more on building new homes. Using the
model of Shore Bank in Chicago, a private bank set up in low-income communities,
Mr. Giuliani would stimulate neighborhood rebirth by financing both housing and
business projects.

Mr. Grinker said that while Mr. Giuliani supported the "fair share" provisions
of the new city charter, the candidate believed that Federal Department of
Housing and Urban Development site and neighborhood regulations are unrealistic
for New York.

Opportunity, not 'Nimby'

H.U.D. requires new developments to be in in areas that are not already heavily
populated by minorities.

"The issue is not Nimby," said Mr. Grinker, "but more a matter of opportunity
and availability. The sites that are available tend not to be in neighborhoods
that meet the H.U.D. requirements."

Felice L. Michetti, Commissioner of the city's Department of Housing
Preservation and Development, defended the city's housing policies. In past four
years, the city has sold 12,400 renovated apartments to their occupants, to
community organizations and to some private management firms, Ms. Michetti said.
In the next four years, she said, the administration will try to speed up
efforts to turn buildings over to nonprofit organizations, or private owners,
including the tenants themselves.

"The city has put $2 billion into housing in the past four years," she said,
"but what is significant is that we have gotten much more than the
dollar-for-dollar value out of it because we have leveraged that money. We've
become partners of nonprofit organizations and community redevelopment groups,
lenders and the Federal government. And our goal is to do more of this
public/private redevelopment in the future."

People Who Need a Boost

She said the city would commit another $1.8 billion to produce and preserve an
additional 48,000 units, but would also emphasize programs for people who need a
boost to lift them out of public housing or rentals.

One such program, Project Choice, will offer Housing Authority residents chances
to be owners through nonprofit housing corporations that build for
moderate-income buyers.

Another program would make use of the thousands of vacant, unsold co-op and
condominium units throughout the city. Using the resources of the New York City
Residential Mortgage Insurance Corporation, the Federal Home Mortgage
Administration and private banks, moderate-income families would be offered
mortgages so they could buy these apartments.


The Series



This is the final installment of the Mayoral Agenda series. Earlier articles
examined the city's impending budget crisis, Sept. 27; social services issues,
Oct. 2; crime, Oct. 11; the economy, Oct. 18; the city's infrastructure needs on
Thursday and education yesterday.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Mayoral Agenda: A periodic report on major issues facing the election
winner - 7. Housing

CORRECTION-DATE: November 1, 1993, Monday

CORRECTION:

An article yesterday about the New York mayoral campaign misstated the amount of
a new Department of Housing and Urban Development grant. The city is to receive
$37 million over the next year, and plans to use $20 million to hire 400
additional Housing Authority police officers. While the grant is projected to
continue at the same level over the next five years, providing a total of $100
million to finance police hiring, that amount is not guaranteed.


GRAPHIC: Chart: "THE ISSUES: The Candidates On Housing"
Here are the candidates' positions on major housing and community development
issues:

 RUDOLPH W. GIULIANI, REPUBLICAN/LIBERAL
 -- Would vastly increase home ownership opportunities.

-- Would move the city more quickly out of managing apartment buildings whose
owners have forfeited for failure to pay taxes.

-- Wants to revitalize decaying neighborhoods through housing and commercial
redevelopment.

 MAYOR DAVID N. DINKINS, DEMOCRAT
 -- Plans to create new ownership opportunities by converting failed co-op and
condominum buildings to affordable housing.

-- Wants to create ownership opportunities for public housing residents.

-- Would more aggressively seek to have private corporations take over buildings
managed by the city because of owners' failure to pay taxes.

TYPE: Series

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                             293 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             August 8, 2005 Monday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

HARDSHIP FOR HOMEOWNERS. BATTLE FOR REPAIRS IN B'KLYN

BYLINE: BY LORE CROGHAN DAILY NEWS BUSINESS WRITER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 994 words


When Harwin Lissone's phone rang at 5 a.m. one Monday last winter, it was
trouble calling.

As soon as he stepped out of bed, his feet squished on the carpet, which was
soaked by a flood of water covering his bedroom floor. His tenant in the
apartment upstairs was calling to alert him to the water problem. Icy water from
a storm had seeped through a leak in the roof, causing his tenant's ceiling to
sag.

The leak is one of many problems Lissone's had with a two-family home he bought
last year in East New York, Brooklyn - problems shared by numerous home buyers
in an affordable development called Blake Housing.

Lissone - a city employee who makes less than $50,000 per year - spent 10 years
saving for a down payment for his first home purchase. He carried bag-lunches to
work and limiting himself to one-dollar breakfasts of tea and a bagel. Now the
joy of becoming a homeowner has faded.

"This dream has turned into a nightmare," he said.

Lissone and his neighbors have formed a homeowners association to try to get
their houses fixed before their one-year construction warranties expire. The
clock is ticking - some residents moved in last fall.

Residents are dismayed that their homes - the first they've ever owned - have
problems that are more typical of grim old tenements than freshly built houses.
They've got mice indoors, rust on their crumbling concrete stoops outdoors - and
the fear that a fire hazard lurks behind their walls.

The homeowners group - which represents 36 houses on Blake and Sutter avenues,
and Atkins, Logan, Milford and Montauk streets - is facing off against developer
Alex Arker, who's an owner of family-held Arker Cos. of Woodmere, L.I.

Arker - a long-time player in government-sponsored affordable housing throughout
New York City - defended the quality of work at Blake Housing, despite the
continuing problems there.

"We have built our reputation one brick at a time, creating affordable homes in
communities, and recapturing their pride," said spokesman Gary Lewi. "It is
unconscionable to suggest otherwise."

The company got government subsidies to build the houses, including a low
purchase price for the land, which was city-owned. It sold the two-family homes
for $237,662 apiece, to first-time buyers with low or moderate incomes of
$38,000 to $70,000 per year.

The builder acknowledged problems with the houses, but said it has responded to
them.

"As in any project, there have been a number of items that needed repair, or to
be redone, and we have done so," said spokesman Lewi. Arker even gave cash to
two homeowners to hire their own contractors for repairs - but those homeowners
continue to lodge complaints, he added.

The complaints keep coming because the problems persist, numerous homeowners
told Your Money.

Even when workmen come to make repairs, they don't really solve the problems,
residents said.

"They come in and fix things, but they don't stay fixed," explained homeowner
Peggy Keane.

In several houses Your Money toured, cracks were visible on ceilings, walls and
ground floors. Homeowners said workmen had patched other cracks - and later
these new ones appeared. Your Money saw nails and screws poking through plaster
walls and ceilings. Other nails and screws had been hammered out of sight,
homeowners said. Tiles were loose in many bathrooms and kitchens - though
repairs had been done previously, homeowners said.

In many houses, sheetrock seams were visible on the plaster surfaces of walls
and ceilings. Some homeowners said their walls had been repainted - but the
seams still show.

"I'm tired," said homeowner Patrick Chan, referring to the frequent calls he
makes to ask Arker for further repairs.

Some problems make the new houses look prematurely old - like rust that's run
off metal railings and stained the front steps, whose concrete is cracking and
crumbling in spots.

One problem is a potential health hazard. Many houses are infested with mice,
which get in through large holes that were cut in the walls for small radiator
pipes. Some homeowners have filled the holes with spray foam, others with steel
wool. But they're still seeing the rodents, they said.

Another complaint regards a potential fire hazard. Michelle Walker found out
that the light-switch boxes at her house are not wrapped with electrical tape,
as they should be. Several neighbors who heard about her problem checked their
light-switch boxes and found they aren't taped either, they said.

Walker's a former resident of Linden Houses, a public-housing project in East
New York. It was nicer than the house she bought, she said.

"I'm not used to living like this," she lamented. "The project was built right."

The homeowners have complained to Blake Housing's two sponsors, the city Housing
Preservation and Development department and the New York City Housing
Partnership.

"We need to get what we paid for," said Allen Hand, president of the Blake
Housing Homeowners Association.

Both sponsors told Your Money they'll work with Arker to get the houses fixed.

"The developer has an obligation to the homebuyers - and we will bridge the gap
between their concerns and the developer," said Carol Abrams, spokeswoman for
city Housing Preservation.

"We are trying to make sure all the homeowners' concerns are satisfied," said
Dan Martin, CEO of the New York City Housing Partnership.

The city Department of Buildings also pledged to get involved - giving
homeowners a glimmer of hope for a solution to their problems. The department
recently intervened in a dispute between homeowners at an affordable project in
Edgemere, Queens, and their developer.

Brooklyn's Deputy Borough Commissioner of Buildings, Thomas Fariello, is
scheduled to meet today with the homeowners association and a rep from the
Housing Preservation department.

"We will go out to take a look at some of the homes - to be able to eyeball
their concerns, and get some specific remedies in place," said Buildings
department spokeswoman Ilyse Fink.

yourmoney@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CRAIG WARGA DAILY NEWS Blake Housing resident Michelle Walker has had
to deal with water-damaged walls, rusting bannisters and faulty light-switch
boxes. DEBBIE EGAN CHIN DAILY NEWS Patrick Chan was left with a bunch of
cigarette burns in the kitchen floor. CRAIG WARGA DAILY NEWS Harwin Lissone
points out concrete floor that was cracked and damaged when his family moved
into their new home.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Daily News, L.P.


                             294 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 7, 1988, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Elderly and Young Mothers To Join in Renovated Hotel

SECTION: Section 1; Part 2, Page 42, Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 629 words


Renovation work has begun to turn an Upper West Side hotel into an experimental
residence in which homeless teen-age mothers and their children will be housed
together with elderly people.

A group affiliated with the Roman Catholic Archdiocese plans to spend $7 million
over the next year-and-a-half to renovate the mostly vacant,
single-room-occupancy Congressional Hotel, at 83d Street and West End Avenue.
Under the experimental plan, it will become a supervised residence in which
elderly people will help provide day care for the children while the mothers
work, attend school or receive counseling.

The project would be the first project in New York City housing several
generations and one of the largest such projects anywhere, according to Lynda
Simmons, a board member of the group, known as the West End Intergenerational
Residence Housing Development Fund.

''It's a very important experiment,'' Ms. Simmons, the president of Phipps
Houses, a nonprofit housing developer, said of the attempt to provide extensive
social services where the mothers live. ''They don't have to get on a subway
with three children to six different places to get help.''

When fully renovated, the residence will have 49 units of transitional housing
for homeless, single mothers with one or two children under age 7 and 52 units
of permanent housing for elderly tenants, including the 26 now living in the
hotel. Lounges, a computer room, a preschool, meeting rooms and a roof garden
are also planned.

Units are also being set aside for Fordham University students who will provide
testing, education, job training, counseling and legal advice for the residents.

The plan, announced in February, is being supported by a $4.1 million
interest-free loan from the New York City Department of Housing Preservation and
Finance and a $1.5 million grant from the state. The rest of the money is coming
from smaller public and private loans and grants.

The project has stirred some neighborhood controversy. Some neighbors say that
with a dozen social service centers nearby, the community already does its share
to ease the housing crisis.

Others worry that what they call a lax screening policy for potential residents
could undermine security in the building. The developers have said that they
would not automatically conduct drug tests of applicants or ask about any
possible criminal records.

''Some of the ideas are noble, but in a practical sense are going to be
difficult, if not impossible, to uphold,'' said Ian Alterman, the leader of the
Congressional Hotel Oversight Committee, a group of neighbors serving as a
liaison between the developer and the community.

Despite such doubts - one group of neighbors is attempting to halt the project
through the courts - Community Board 7 unanimously supported the proposal, as
have local politicians. And many neighbors also seem to support it.

''We have all the resources in that neighborhood to make the hotel a model
project,'' said Maureen Orth, the leader of the Congressional Hotel Support
Committee, a group backing the project. Several local groups plan, including a
job training and placement agency and a community health center, also plan to
provide services for the residence. Foster grandparents will also be recruited
from the community.

City Councilwoman Ruth Messinger, who represents the area, said the neighbors,
far from rejecting the proposal, were playing an important role in its planning.
Current residents of the hotel will help select tenants, who are scheduled to
move in at the end of next year, she noted, and two neighbors will also serve on
the board of the project.

''There has been a very important dialogue and shaping of the program to meet
the community's concerns,'' Ms. Messinger said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             295 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Watertown Daily Times (New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 16, 2009 Sunday

Frontier Housing eyes expansion

BYLINE: Joanna Richards, Watertown Daily Times, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 515 words


Aug. 16--Frontier Housing Corp., Dexter, is taking steps to expand its services
from the town of Brownville into Hounsfield and Lyme, the organization's
executive director, Jill E. Evans, said Friday.

Frontier's mission is to facilitate community and economic development, usually
by focusing on housing preservation for low-income homeowners and renters. The
agency owns and manages several apartment complexes in Dexter and has been at
work on a $412,000 downtown revitalization project in the village of Brownville.

Municipalities and property owners often must contribute in-kind services or
matching funds for the grants Frontier secures, Ms. Evans said, so strong
partnerships with two more towns can help the agency "provide a broader variety
of services than what we currently offer."

Ms. Evans said she's met with the supervisors of both towns and has received
their support. She gave a presentation Tuesday to the Hounsfield Town Council.

"I think Frontier Housing can address another important need in the community,"
Hounsfield Supervisor Martin A. DelSignore said Friday. The tough economic times
make the availability of services even more important to "folks being able to
maintain and stay in their homes at affordable costs," he said.

Frontier hopes to have the necessary state paperwork and bylaw changes in place
so that services can be offered in the towns starting in January, Ms. Evans
said.

The decision to expand was a natural one, since the organization receives calls
every week from residents of both Lyme and Hounsfield looking for assistance
with issues like water and septic system problems and the repair of roofs,
insulation, windows and furnaces, she said.

Frontier's funding comes from grant programs of state agencies, such as the
Division of Housing and Community Renewal, and the agency frequently works with
other groups, such as the Jefferson County Department of Social Services, North
Country Affordable Housing and Neighbors of Watertown, to finance projects or
connect clients with services. That means the organization's expansion likely
will bring state dollars into those communities and help connect residents with
services beyond those Frontier provides..

"A lot of municipalities are unaware that there's funds available through the
Community Block Development Grants," Ms. Evans said. Those grants are awarded by
the federal Department of Housing and Urban Renewal.

"The project in Brownville is our first Main Street project," she added,
referring to the state program to increase the economic vitality of traditional
downtown districts. "I would like to see another Main Street project in the
village of Chaumont."

To see more of the Watertown Daily Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.watertowndailytimes.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Watertown Daily
Times, N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090816-WE-HOUSING-GROWTH-20090816

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WE


                      Copyright 2009 Watertown Daily Times


                             296 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            October 5, 2010 Tuesday

SEVCA gets grant for home repair

BYLINE: By HOWARD WEISS-TISMAN / Reformer Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 561 words


Tuesday October 5, 2010

WESTMINSTER -- Southeastern Vermont Community Action is slated to receive a
$50,000 grant to help extend its successful Emergency Home Repair program.

SEVCA started the program last year with stimulus money to help low-income home
owners make small repairs to their properties.

"This is a huge, huge bonus for us," said SEVCA Development Director Lisa
Clarke. "This was a very competitive grant and it tells us that this is a worthy
program to invest in."

The repairs often helped the community organization move ahead with insulation
work and last year 79 projects were paid for with the ARRA money. The federal
stimulus funds had to be used up last month and before receiving the grant SEVCA
was in danger of having to turn down requests for the emergency home repair
projects.

Now, according to Clarke, the nonprofit organization can begin to process claims
for people who are already backed up on a waiting list.

"This is a program we ve been wanting to do for a long time," said Clarke. "It s
definitely been a gap in service. We saw the need for this and now we will have
the funding to do it."

SEVCA s grant was included in the latest round of Housing Preservation Grants
which Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack announced in Boston Monday.

"The Obama Administration is working to ensure that rural homeowners have safe,
sanitary, energy efficient places to live," Vilsack said in a press release.
"USDA is working with community organizations and non profit groups to help
people make needed repairs."

The Emergency Home Repair program gives low-income home owners in Windham and
Windsor counties up to $2,000 to do small, but necessary, repairs to their
homes.

While other states have been able to develop home repair programs with their
Housing and Urban Development grants, Vermont does not have a statewide program
to help low income residents make improvements.

The ARRA money, and now the USDA grant, will allow SEVCA staff to continue
assisting home owners in Windham and Windsor counties as winter comes on.

As SEVCA s home repair program coordinator, Roy Aloisio is often the first staff
member to visit a home that is in line to receive weatherization aid.

Sometimes a leaky roof could hold up an attic insulation project, or a mobile
home without the proper siding could prevent SEVCA staff from weatherizing.

"If you go in to insulate an attic, and the rook leaks, then it is like throwing
the money away," Aloisio said.

Since the last round of ARRA funding ended, Aloisio has not been able to take on
any other projects.

He is still working out the details on the new grant and will start a new round
of improvements.

Aloisio said not all of the projects were related to weatherization, and anyone
who qualifies for SEVCA s low-income program can apply for the aid.

He said he is working more to get volunteers involved and also will try to get
some of the homeowners involved in some of the prep work to make the money go a
longer away.

"We want this money to go as far as we can," he said. "There are an awful lot of
people that need service and a lot of work that needs to get done. Some of ...
these situations are dire and in some of these cases we are preventing someone
from being homeless. If we can, we are trying to make things better for them."

Howard Weiss-Tisman can be reached at hwtisman@reformer.com or 802-254-2311,
ext. 279.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             297 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 15, 1984, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

CITY TO TEST NEW PLAN ON LAND SALES

BYLINE: By KIRK JOHNSON

SECTION: Section 8; Page 7, Column 1; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 1393 words


THE corner of Wythe Avenue and Ross Street in Brooklyn may prove to be something
of a turning point for New York City housing policy as well as for the troubled
neighborhood of Williamsburg.

On one side of Ross, just across Kent Avenue from the Brooklyn Navy Yard, a
private developer has nearly completed 45 houses, each with three four-bedroom
condominiums. At $75,000 to $82,000 each, all 105 apartments were sold before
construction had begun, according to Aryeh L. Gutman, principal in the
Williamsburg-based Paz Development Company. The buyers were chiefly members of
the rapidly expanding community of Orthodox Jews east of the Ross site.

The success of the Ross project, in an otherwise desolate area of abandoned
factories and empty lots, has demonstrated a market for development here that
has led the city to start its own development program. The intent is to recycle
city-owned property and at the same time assist lower-income Williamsburg
residents.

Under the program, called cross-subsidization, the city Department of Housing
Preservation and Development would sell its vacant properties to developers and
use the proceeds to assist housing production or improve other city-owned
properties in the neighborhood.

''The basic thing is that everybody benefits by the neighborhood's
development,'' said Anthony B. Gliedman, the city's commissioner of Housing
Preservation and Development. ''Development becomes a unifying factor rather
than a divisive factor.''

If successful, the technique may also prove useful in the city's efforts to sell
other marketable vacant land and empty buildings in Manhattan, efforts that have
been resisted by advocates of using the land for lower-income housing. Often the
issue has an ethnic dimension, as it does in Williamsburg, where Hispanic and
Orthodox Jewish communities have differing housing objectives.

Although the cross-subsidization experiment in Williamsburg was announced more
than a year ago by Mayor Koch, it has been delayed for months, partly by
requests from the Department of City Planning for additional
environmental-impact studies.

Another stumbling block has been in the establishment of a committee to advise
on the use of the subsidy fund. A compromise worked out after months of
discussions calls for a committee of three Hispanic members and three Jewish
members, with Vincent V. Abate, chairman of the local planning board, as the
seventh member. Mr. Abate will probably be a nonvoting chairman, although the
committee has yet to formalize its rules.

The housing agency says requests for proposals will be taken in the next few
weeks on the first lots to be sold, which are across Ross Street from the
Paz-Ross development site.

City housing officials are clear about how they want the cross-subsidy system to
work. They have selected four ''donor'' sites in the predominantly Jewish
section of Williamsburg near the Paz-Ross site. Funds from the sale of these
lots would be used at nine or more smaller ''recipient'' sites in the
predominantly Hispanic section of Williamsburg on the north side of Division
Avenue. The initial lots to be sold total slightly less than 400,000 square
feet.

The median family income in the predominantly Jewish sections of Williamsburg
averaged nearly $9,000, according to city planning officials using 1980 census
data. The median income was less than $7,000 in the predominantly Hispanic areas
being considered for assistance under the cross-subsidy fund.

The city wants the sale proceeds to be used to help low- and middle-income
residents buy private homes on the recipient sites. There would either be direct
grants to assist buyers with their down payments, or ''mortgage shaving''
subsidies to reduce the interest rate on the buyers' financing.

The cross-subsidy committee will make the spending recommendations, but city
officials emphasize that the department will make the final decisions. The
recipient sites are mostly on South Eighth and Ninth Streets between Wythe and
Driggs Avenues.

The amounts to be contributed to the cross- subsidy fund in Williamsburg are
expected to remain small. Estimates range from $2 million to $3 million from
sale of the first three city lots selected, including the site at Ross and
Wythe.

Mr. Gutman, director of the Paz-Ross project for Paz Development, said his
company paid about $3 a square foot two years ago for the 120,000-square-foot
lot on Ross and Wythe, which is the company's first major residential project.

He estimated that the land in the area was worth about $4 a square foot. That
would put the value of the city's 134,000 square-foot lot on the other side of
Ross at about $540,000. Land values are closer to $5 a square foot nearer the
center of Williamsburg's commercial area, Mr. Gutman said.

New York City's property inventory in Williamsburg includes not only sites where
property has been taken in tax-foreclosure proceedings, but also urban-renewal
land, which includes the site on Ross Street. Herb Siegel, the housing
department's director of Brooklyn planning, estimated a development potential
for at least several hundred housing units if all the marketable land were made
available for nonsubsidized development.

After the lot on Ross Street has been sold, two other vacant primary
Williamsburg parcels, one on Division Avenue and one on Ross Street, are
expected to be opened for developers' proposals within a few months. A fourth
site on the corner of Ross and Bedford Avenue was sold for $140,000 earlier this
year, before the cross-subsidy fund had been established. That money is also to
be available for the fund. The largest lot is the Division Avenue site, which
runs from Division to Clymer Street, on the north end of the block. It totals
more than 163,000 square feet.

The cross-subsidy approach is being considered for the Lower East Side of
Manhattan and the Clinton neighborhood in the West 40's and 50's. The potential
contributions from a Lower East Side project would be much higher than in
Williamsburg, city officials believe - perhaps as much as $15 million.

The key to cross-subsidization, city officials say, is marketability. While many
areas of the city contain large blocks of city-owned land, only in those
neighborhoods being considered - all of which also have a substantial number of
low-income residents - does that land co-exist with areas with a market for
unsubsidized housing. If there are no buyers for the city lots, or if the market
price for the land is negligible, then cross-subsidizing may be ineffective.

Williamsburg, which sprawls along the East River north of Brooklyn Heights and
Fort Greene and west of Bedford-Stuyvesant, was selected by the city because it
represents a singular mix of ethnic and religious groups and income ranges
living in a narrow area. The population is also growing rapidly, particularly
among the Orthodox Jewish population, where it is not unusual to find families
of seven or eight children. Moreover, according to the precepts of their faith,
the Jews must live near their rabbi and their synagogue.

All these factors, city planners say, have contributed to a rapidly growing
demand for housing that has raised real-estate values and rents and threatened
to push many lower-income residents out of Williamsburg. Although Jews and
Hispanic people are neighbors in some of Williamsburg's large subsidized housing
projects - notably the Roberto Clemente Plaza housing project, which has a
court-ordered ratio near 50-50 - the two groups have generally lived apart.

Rising rents throughout the neighborhood, however, mostly fueled by the increase
in development among the Hasidim, have threatened to change what Charles Reiss,
deputy housing commissioner in charge of development, called the neighborhood's
''integrity.'' ''Cross-subsidization is an attempt to let people stay where they
want to stay,'' he said. ''We did not, and will not, choose between one group
and another.''

The Rev. Matthew Foley, pastor of the Epiphany Roman Catholic Church, perhaps
the central cultural institution of Williamsburg's Hispanic community, said he
thought the plan was also indicative of a change in attitude on the part of the
city. ''In the past, you had to push to get involved,'' he said. ''Now the city
seems very aware of the groups that they want involved here.''


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: map; photo of housing deveopment under way off Kent Avenue

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             298 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Senate Votes to Cut Drinking Water, Housing Programs

                             April 10, 1995, Monday

By Joan Pryde and Heather Ann Hope

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


After more than a week of wrangling, the Senate approved legislation late
Thursday to make cuts in current-year funding for several housing programs and a
proposed drinking-water revolving loan fund that are less drastic than those
passed by the House several weeks ago.

But the Senate bill, which now goes to a conference committee that will hammer
out the final measure in May, would rescind part of this year's allocation for a
wastewater grant program that the House left untouched.

As part of a compromise to bring the bill to a vote before a recess that started
Friday, Senate leaders agreed to an additional $1.64 billion in spending cuts
this year. The provisions affecting the municipal market are the same as those
approved by the Senate Appropriations Committee on March 24.

Approved by a vote of 99-to-0, the Senate bill would renege on $16.1 billion in
fiscal 1995 allocations for a variety of federal programs. By contrast, the
House bill would take away $17.3 billion.

In the housing area, the Senate bill proposes to delay until November paying out
$465 million to the Department of Housing and Urban Development's low-income
housing preservation program. The total includes funding for this year and
unused money from prior years.

The House bill would wipe out the $465 million, thus virtually eliminating the
program, under which private, nonprofit organizations have been issuing
tax-exempt bonds to finance multifamily housing projects.

In addition, the Senate bill would leave the Community Development Block Grant
program intact, while the House bill proposes to rescind $350 million. Under the
appropriations bill passed last year, the block grant program is slated to
receive $4.6 billion in fiscal 1995, which began Oct. 1.

In the water infrastructure area, the Senate bill would rescind a total of $1.24
billion from two different programs. The House bill proposed eliminating the
entire $1.3 billion budget for a drinking-water revolving loan program because
the money has gone unused for two years.

The Senate measure would cut $800 million from the drinking-water revolving loan
fund, but leave $500 million in the account in anticipation of speedy renewal of
the overall drinking water statute, which is needed to create the loan fund.
However, the Senate bill also proposes cutting $443 million from a targeted
wastewater grant program that the House left intact.

Both the House and Senate appropriations committees had allotted $1 billion to
the targeted wastewater grant program in the last two fiscal years.

Congressional authorization of the drinking water measure expired in 1992, and
has been awaiting renewal each year since. Under proposed legislation, a new
drinking-water revolving loan fund would be created to help states issue
tax-exempt bonds to finance construction and modernization of drinking water
treatment plants.

Under the existing wastewater revolving loan program, which is part of the Clean
Water Act, states use the revolving loan program to leverage their federal
dollars by issuing tax-exempt bonds to help finance wastewater treatment plants.
The drinking water revolving fund would be modeled after the wastewater fund.

The Senate Environment and Public Works Committee is expected to begin action on
the Safe Drinking Water Act reauthorization when Congress returns from recess in
May. The House is expected to begin drafting its version of the drinking water
bill this summer.

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 577 words

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1995 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             299 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                January 8, 1982, Friday, Late City Final Edition

ABOUT REAL ESTATE;
KEY HOUSING PROGRAM REVIVED IN CITY

BYLINE: By LEE A. DANIELS

SECTION: Section B; Page 4, Column 2; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 864 words


New York City housing officials and a consortium of 13 city banks have
established a $6 .5 million rehabilitation loan program to aid housing renov
ation in 33 city neighborhoods. The program will combine $1.5 million in Federal
funds with $5 million from the banks to provide re habilitation funds to
qualified applicants at below-market interest rates.

The new joint effort, called the Home Improvement Program, is, in effect, the
city's answer to the virtual elimination by the Federal Government of the
16-year-old Section 312 rehabilitation loan program. The latter, part of the
1964 Federal housing act, provided money for loans to rehabilitate single-family
and multifamily dwellings in designated impoverished and moderate-income
neighborhoods. According to Federal housing officials, loans totaling more than
$1 billion were made, and a total of 87,514 housing units were repaired during
the program's existence.

The Reagan Administration sharply reduced the budget of the Federal program last
year from a level in the fiscal year 1980 of $215.5 million to the current level
of $84.5 million. No funding has been recommended for the fiscal year 1983.
Congress did authorize the use of loan repayment funds, which total about $63
million, to finance new repair efforts. Federal officials, however, have yet to
release that money for use.

Anthony B. Gliedman, commissioner of the city's Department of Housing
Preservation and Development, said in a recent interview that the cutback in the
Section 312 program was a sharp blow to the city's effort to stabilize and
upgrade impoverished and moderate-income neighborhoods. Mr. Gliedman commented
that the city government, which had largely ignored the Federal program until
Mayor Koch took office in 1978, was ''just hitting its stride'' in using the
funds to best effect.

Mr. Gliedman said that in the last four years the city had received $11.8
million in Section 312 funds. These funds were used to enhance the loans
applicants obtained from private lenders, which meant that the applicants had to
borrow less money from private sources and that their total interest rate was
significantly below the market rate. In all, under the Section 312 program, a
total of 350 buildings, most of them containing about four apartments each, were
repaired, Mr.  Gliedman said.

The new city program will function in essentially the same way as the Section
312 program, Mr. Gliedman said. It will be used to aid in the rehabilitation of
single-family homes and buildings containing up to seven apartments. Those
eligible to receive loans can have an annual family income of up to $40,000. And
the Federal funds involved, from the Urban Development Action Grant program,
will be combined with private funds from the banks to lower the borrowers'
interest rate to the 9 percent to 12 percent range.

''This is a much-needed program,'' said Elizabeth Brickfield, executive director
of the Midwood-Kings Highway Development Corporation in Brooklyn. ''These are
good homes, but many are upwards of 50 years old and in need of capital
improvements. Their owners can't carry a 17 percent interest rate, but they can
handle one at 9 or 10 percent.''

The Midwood organization is one of nearly 20 community organizations throughout
the city that, at the behest of the city housing agency, will provide technical
assistance to prospective loan applicants.

''It's an excellent idea,'' Milton Wright, executive vice president of
Manufacturers Hanover Trust Bank, said of the program. ''It makes sense from the
borrower's point of view, because they get the loan at below-market rates. And
it makes sense from our point of view because we'll be making loans and getting
a good return on our dollars.

Mr. Wright, whose duties include supervising the bank's community reinvestment
program, said Manufacturers Hanover has allocated $1.6 million, the largest
amount of any of the participating banks, for the program. About 40 of its New
York City branches will participate, he said.

''I'm optimistic about this,'' Mr. Gliedman said. ''The banks have been very
cooperative. We all know the need out there is great.'' Mr. Gliedman, asserting
that the program could easily be three times as large as it is now, said he
hopes the Federal Government will increase the funds allocated for it next year.

The banks and thrift institutions involved are: Anchor Savings; Atlantic Liberty
Savings and Loan; Chase Manhattan; Chemical; Dime Savings; East New York
Savings; Freedom National; Greater New York Savings; Greenpoint Savings,
Manufacturers Hanover Trust; Metropolitian Savings, and Northfield Savings.

The 33 neighborhoods are in all parts of the city. Those interested in specific
information about the program sho uld call the Department of Housing
Preservation and Development at 56 6-0371 or 566-0372.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             300 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 3, 2015 Saturday

New York: Governor Cuomo Announces $20 Million Available to Build Affordable
Housing in Areas Damaged By Superstorm Sandy, Hurricane Irene and Tropical Storm
Lee

LENGTH: 1272 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Albany: New York State has issued the following news release:



  Governor Andrew M. Cuomo today announced $20 million is available for the
construction of new affordable housing units damaged by Superstorm Sandy,
Hurricane Irene or Tropical Storm Lee.



 &ldquo;These communities have witnessed first-hand the damage caused by extreme
weather and we must ensure we build back stronger to adjust to this new
normal,&rdquo; Governor Cuomo said. &ldquo;This funding will help ensure that
affordable housing in these areas is safer and more resilient against whatever
Mother Nature throws our way.&rdquo;





 Qualified housing developers are invited to submit proposals for properties to
be developed in the following eligible counties: Albany, Broome, Chemung,
Chenango, Clinton, Columbia, Delaware, Dutchess, Essex, Franklin, Fulton,
Greene, Hamilton, Herkimer, Montgomery, Nassau, Oneida, Orange, Otsego, Putnam,
Rensselaer, Rockland, Saratoga, Schenectady, Schoharie, Suffolk, Sullivan,
Tioga, Tompkins, Ulster, Warren, Washing and Westchester.



 Funding will come from the Governor's Office of Storm Recovery, out of its $4.4
billion federal allotment from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development's Community Development Block Grant-Disaster Recovery Program, and
overseen through the Homes and Community Renewal's Small Project Affordable
Rental Construction program. The funding will be administered by the Community
Preservation Corporation, a leading not-for-profit affordable housing and
neighborhood revitalization organization.



 &ldquo;Our mandate from Governor Andrew Cuomo is to create and preserve
affordable housing opportunities and revitalize communities Statewide,&rdquo;
said Homes and Community Renewal Commissioner and CEO James S. Rubin.
&ldquo;This is especially true in areas where people's lives were upended by the
ferocity of those three severe storms. Our collaborative effort with Community
Preservation Corporation will enhance the quality of life of storm-affected
people in low-density areas, not usually reached in typical housing programs. In
addition to the economic benefit construction brings to a community, New Yorkers
of modest means will have a secure and well-built place to call home.&rdquo;



 The Community Preservation Corporation will oversee the development of
approximately 150 to 200 rental units, with at least 51 percent of new units at
each property to be designated for local residents earning below 80 percent of
the area median income. The program will target small properties, with eight to
20 units each in low-density areas that may not be normally reached by housing
programs. Eligible projects could also include the adaptive reuse or substantial
rehabilitation of vacant buildings.



 &ldquo;This program is closely in line with Community Preservation
Corporation's steadfast commitment to stabilizing and strengthening New York
State by bringing much-needed capital to communities destroyed by natural
disasters,&rdquo; said Rafael E. Cestero, President and CEO of Community
Preservation Corporation. &ldquo;It is crucial to preserve these small
developments where the majority of New York renters live, and we will leverage
the expertise of our local field offices to identify areas with the greatest
need. We look forward to working closely with Homes and Community Renewal and
other partners to not only rebuild what was lost in these storms, but also
create stronger and more resilient New York communities.&rdquo;



 &ldquo;As we continue our efforts to make our State better and stronger than
before, we are committed to preserving and restoring our housing stock and
ensuring that New Yorkers of all income levels have an appropriate place to call
home,&rdquo; said Interim Executive Director of the Governor's Office of Storm
Recovery Lisa Bova-Hiatt. &ldquo;Through this program, multiple State agencies
are coming together to focus on these important issues, thereby working to
generate more affordable housing resources and spur increased resiliency in New
York's storm-impacted communities.&rdquo;



 Within the 33 eligible counties, there will be focus on regions that include
the State's NY Rising Community Preservation Corporation areas
(http://www.stormrecovery.ny.gov/) that have developed plans to address storm
recovery and resilience. Applicants must qualify for both Community Preservation
Corporation construction financing and Homes and Community Renewal Small Project
Affordable Rental Construction program funds. For consideration in Round 1,
proposals must be received by November 2, 2015, and for consideration in Round
2, proposals must be received by December 31, 2015. The Community Preservation
Corporation will inform all respondents of their status on or before January 8,
2016. The program is expected to be phased-in over a 24-month period.



 Congressman Eliot Engel said, &ldquo;As Governor Cuomo has said in the past,
New York is now being hit by 100 year storms every couple of years. This new
reality requires a strong commitment to not only rebuild what was decimated by
storms like Sandy, but to improve and strengthen those structures so that they
can withstand future events. I toured the areas of my district hit by Sandy and
Irene, and saw firsthand the devastation those storms created and are still
creating to this day. I applaud the Governor for prioritizing the needs of our
affordable housing residents here in New York, and I am certain these federal
funds will help make our communities more resilient and safer in the
future.&rdquo;



 Congressman Paul Tonko said, &ldquo;Extreme weather events have had a
devastating impact on the most vulnerable populations in the Capital Region and
across the state of New York. In Washington and Albany, we know that recovery
from Irene and Lee is not complete until every last homeowner and business is
back on their feet. I am pleased to see this funding going towards affordable
housing, which will encourage developers to rebuild these units and give hope to
families that saw their houses damaged or destroyed in these storms. I thank the
Governor for responsible and efficient management of this funding, and I look
forward to continuing our push to act on climate change and mitigate future
negative impacts of severe weather.&rdquo;



 Congressman Richard Hanna said, "I am pleased to see New York State use federal
disaster relief resources to invest in our communities in Broome, Chenango,
Herkimer, Oneida and Tioga counties to assist with recovery housing after storms
devastated our housing stock,&rdquo; U.S. Rep. Richard Hanna said.
&ldquo;Through this funding, we can ensure that our neighborhoods will not just
recover but will be stronger than before.&rdquo;



 Congressman Sean Patrick Maloney said, &ldquo;Three years after these
devastating storms hit the Hudson Valley, some residents are still recovering
from the damage. This critical investment in our infrastructure will help those
communities who still have unmet needs to rebuild stronger and safer than
before, while creating jobs and growing our economy.&rdquo;



 Congressman Lee Zeldin said, &ldquo;Long Island is still recovering from the
storms that devastated our communities over the past few years. This funding
will increase access to affordable housing on Long Island, as well as improve
the overall quality of life for many residents. I am proud to partner with
Governor Cuomo on this important imitative to ensure New York families have
access to safe and affordable housing.&rdquo;



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             301 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        St. Joseph News-Press (Missouri)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 15, 2010 Saturday

A barn full of news that might make hay

BYLINE: Marshall White, St. Joseph News-Press, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 589 words


May 15--There was a time when barns were a staple in rural life and dotted the
countryside. Today, barns are disappearing from rural America faster than the
pallid sturgeon is vanishing from the Missouri River.

But there is a group trying to preserve that fragile heritage and promote
agritourism. And the subject of agritourism should be of interest to many in
Northeast Kansas and Northwest Missouri.

The National Barn Alliance will have its annual conference June 10-12 in
Atchison, Kan., at the Atchison Heritage Center. The event includes a tour of
Atchison on June 10 and a tour June 12 of six Doniphan County barns and cow
sheds. Two additional tour stops are planned in Troy, Kan., at the historic
courthouse and the antebellum home where Abraham Lincoln visited prior to his
presidential campaign.

Conference sessions include barn repair, heritage breeds, marketing farm
products and agritourism. The three-day national conference costs $160 for
non-members.

For more information, contact Sally Hatcher at (913) 682-8790.

Thanks to the Kansas State Historic Preservation office, the tour has a $4,326
grant from the Kansas Historical Society to benefit the National Barn Alliance
Conference and Tour of Doniphan County Barns. The grant is derived from National
Park Service funds passed through the Kansas State Historic Preservation Office
each year to pay for historic preservation activities at the local level. The
barn grant is part of a series of 14 grants awarded throughout the state and
totaling $134,998.

For those who want to know more about barns, there will be timber-framed barn
repair workshops from June 6 to 10. The Kansas Barn Alliance, the Kansas
Historical Society, Trillium Dell Timberworks, Doniphan County government and
the Staudenmaier Family Trust will sponsor this event.

Trillium staff will conduct the hands-on training, with participants doing
actual work on an 1870s timber frame barn, in addition to some classroom-type
instruction. But this workshop is limited to 20 participants.

To reserve a place, a $200 refundable deposit is required with your application.
For more information, call (913) 682-8790 or (785) 243-4303.

Home repair

Rural home improvement grants are available in Northwest Missouri from the U.S.
Department of Agriculture.

The department is accepting applications from intermediaries to help low- and
very low-income rural residents repair their homes.

Housing Preservation Grants are provided to intermediaries such as town or
county governments, public agencies, federally recognized Indian Tribes, and
nonprofit and faith-based organizations.

The funds are distributed to qualified homeowners or owners of multi-family
rental properties or cooperative dwellings who rent to low- and very-low-income
residents.

The money can be used to weatherize and repair existing structures, install or
improve plumbing or provide access to people with disabilities.

The grants to be awarded are part of USDA Rural Development's annual budget and
are not funded through the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009.

Marshall White can be reached at marshall@npgco.com

To see more of the St. Joseph News-Press or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.stjoenews-press.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, St. Joseph News-Press, Mo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100515-JM-A-barn-full-of-news-that-might-make-hay-0515

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JM


                      Copyright 2010 St. Joseph News-Press


                             302 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 28, 2014 Monday

New York: De Blasio Administration Announces Immediate Expansion of Rental
Assistance for Low-Income New Yorkers Impacted by Hurricane Sandy

LENGTH: 887  words

DATELINE: Albany


City of New York, The State of New York has issued the following news release:

Today, the de Blasio administration announced that the city is immediately
expanding the federally-funded Temporary Disaster Assistance Program (TDAP) to
allow it to provide rental assistance to low-income New Yorkers who were
displaced by Hurricane Sandy and now face high rent burdens of 40 percent or
more of their income.

The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) recently approved the
city's proposed changes to TDAP as part of the city's amendment to the Action
Plan, which details how the city will spend the Community Development Block
Grant Disaster Recovery (CDBG-DR) funds it has been allocated.

TDAP is administered by the city's Department of Housing Preservation and
Development (HPD). It was established to serve low-income renters - at or below
50 percent of the Area Median Income (AMI), or no more than $41,950 for a family
of four per HUD's 2014 calculations - who were displaced from their homes as a
result of Hurricane Sandy. Eligibility was initially limited to displaced
households who were residing in transitional housing such as hotels or shelters;
facing expiring FEMA rental assistance; or registered through the Build It Back
program. However, the city heard from a number of residents and advocates during
the public comment period on the Action Plan, requesting a TDAP expansion.

This expansion now makes eligible all families who have already applied to TDAP,
who were displaced by Hurricane Sandy and forced to relocate to long-term
housing (signing a lease of a year or longer) and currently pay 40 percent or
more of their income toward rent. The city has already started reaching out to
those families, who were initially deemed ineligible, to bring them back into
the program.

This expansion of TDAP eligibility follows the major overhaul of the city's
Hurricane Sandy recovery programs announced this month. Among a number of major
improvements detailed in the administration's new report, the city eliminated
priority levels for various housing recovery programs, in addition to providing
financial relief to homeowners and directly engaging communities in the
rebuilding process, including by creating local jobs. TDAP or Build It Back
applicants with questions regarding their eligibility for expanded TDAP can call
Build It Back Customer Service at 212-615-8329 or visit nyc.gov/recovery.

"Expanding rental assistance for low-income New Yorkers displaced by Sandy is a
simple change that will go a long way for families who need real financial
relief," said Mayor de Blasio. "After Sandy forced these families to relocate,
they were then stuck handing over a huge portion of their income in rent. That's
unacceptable - and, now, they'll get the support they deserve."

"We are thrilled that HUD has approved the city's request to amend the CDBG-DR
Action Plan," said HPD Commissioner Vicki Been. "Many people whose lives were
uprooted by Hurricane Sandy are still in need of assistance, and they are
certainly deserving of a helping hand.  We now have the opportunity to help more
than 900 additional low-income families affected by Sandy gain access to safe
and affordable housing."

"The expansion of TDAP is a critical element in the administration's efforts to
enhance and improve the delivery of all programs that provide relief to New
Yorkers who were impacted by Sandy," said Bill Goldstein, Senior Advisor to the
Mayor for Recovery, Resiliency, and Infrastructure.

"Throughout our recovery, I have advocated for an expansion to the TDAP program
to cover those renters that are now facing significantly higher rent burdens in
the storm's aftermath. The expansion of TDAP will help us all to recover as a
more resilient and inclusive New York," said Council Member Carlos Menchaca.

"This assistance is great news for displaced tenants who are still struggling to
recover, including many families and seniors. The storm impacted thousands of
renters, so it is critical that the city takes meaningful steps like this on
their behalf. This includes continuing the outreach efforts to inform every
eligible storm victim from our diverse communities of this chance for
much-needed rent relief," said Council Member Mark Treyger.

"The Alliance for a Just Rebuilding has long advocated for the expansion of
Temporary Disaster Assistance Program. By including Sandy survivors struggling
with rent burdens, the city is making good on its promise to help the most
vulnerable New Yorkers recover," said Susannah Dyen, coordinator of the Alliance
for a Just Rebuilding.

"My rent increased after Sandy, and I couldn't afford to stay in my
neighborhood. Now I live far away and can barely pay my rent. The TDAP
expansions will be a huge lifeline for families like mine that have struggled to
stay in our homes since the storm hit," said Felipa Campos, Make the Road member
and Staten Island resident.

"It's been two years since Sandy, and survivors need resources," said Council
Member Donovan Richards.

"Now, even as we overhaul our recovery, we can share the reopening of the TDAP
program with impacted New Yorkers. The return of this program will greatly aid
families in need, and I am honored to continue building up our city with Mayor
de Blasio."

For further information please visit: http://www1.nyc.gov/

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             303 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                              July 6, 2010 Tuesday

HOUSING PLUS PRESERVATION;
$5 MILLION PROJECT TO RENOVATE PUEBLO RESIDENCES TOOK 5 YEARS TO PLAN

BYLINE: BOB QUICK

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C-1

LENGTH: 664 words


The planning for a $5 million residential housing rehabilitation project at
Ohkay Owingeh, formerly San Juan Pueblo, took five years to complete and
involved the cooperation of pueblo youth, a Santa Fe architect, and pueblo,
state and federal officials.

"It's rebuilding the pueblo step by step," said Tomasita Duran, executive
director of the Ohkay Owingeh Housing Authority. "It started out as a grant from
the state for $8,000, and here we are today having raised more than

$5 million."

Ohkay Owingeh was founded around A.D. 1,200, historians say.

The funds are being used to rebuild 22 neglected homes in the pueblo court area,
which has 46 homes. It will take another $10 million to do the remaining 24
homes.

There will be a groundbreaking ceremony and celebration at the pueblo on
Saturday from 11:30 a.m. to 2:30 p.m. to mark the start of the renovation
process.

In addition to state and federal funds for rebuilding the homes, the pueblo
received a $7,500 grant to hire tribal youth, who measured the buildings and
mapped the pueblo court area. They also learned how to survey and use GPS tools.

In addition, the students interviewed

12 tribal elders, recorded their remarks and translated them into the tribal
language, Tewa.

"We're hoping (the findings) can all be displayed at the heritage center when it
gets built," Duran said. "We're hopeful this information will help us restore
the pueblo" to its historic condition.

"This is a fascinating project," said Jamie Blooser, the lead architect of the
project, who is with the Atkin Olshin Schade architectural firm in Santa Fe. "It
combines housing and preservation."

"We started talking about the project in 2006," Blooser said. "We helped them
get a grant from the New Mexico Historic Preservation Division."

Tribal members were involved in the project from the beginning and approved
selection criteria for the homes, which included a record of maintenance to be
compiled by home occupants.

"People had to agree to maintain the homes" once they were remodeled, Blooser
said. "We also made sure ownership was documented. We had to sit for hours to
figure out who owned a particular home."

Blooser said it will take about three months to renovate each home.

"We're hoping to be done by the summer of next year," she said. "We're still
looking for money for additional phases."

"Not all of them are being lived in now because of their condition," Duran said.
"The people who are living in them have to make arrangements to move out while
construction is occurring."

Whatever measures needed to be taken, "we had the full support of the tribal
council," Duran said. "We're very excited about it."

For Cyrus Toll of the Albuquerque office of the federal Department of Housing
and Urban Development, the project at Ohkay Owingeh is something special because
it's working within the historic pueblo.

"It's something we've never funded before," he said. "That raises both the
importance and the variety of things that have to be taken into consideration."

The cost of the project, almost $5 million, meant it took new ground rules to
complete planning the project.

"Everything had to be very carefully done," Toll said. "We had to be very
careful and thorough and even take religious activities into consideration."

But most of the responsibility for the project was with Ohkay Owingeh, Toll
said, "Our main role was as the funding source."

Pilar Medina Cannizzaro of the state Office of Historic Preservation praised
Blooser for her vision and persistence in bringing the project to fruition.

"She was incredible in seeing this project through," Cannizzaro said. 'It took a
lot of hand holding with the tribal people and the Housing Authority's executive
director."

Because the project has worked out so well up to now, "we're encouraging other
pueblos to follow their example," she said.

For more information, call Duran, executive director of the Ohkay Owingeh
Housing Authority, at 505-852-0189.

Contact Bob Quick at 986-3011 or bobquick@sfnewmexican.com

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 The Santa Fe New Mexican
                              All Rights Reserved


                             304 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                January 25, 1999, Monday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

(JEFFERSON COUNTY BRIEFS)

SECTION: JEFFERSON COUNTY POST, Pg. 1, JEFFERSON COUNTY BRIEFS COLUMN

LENGTH: 585 words



JEFFERSON COUNTY

High school sophomores attend technology seminar

Sophomore girls from various Jefferson County high schools recently took part in
a seminar called It's High Time for Hi Tech Careers at Jefferson College in
Hillsboro.

The 280 girls were selected by their counselors and teachers on the basis of
their ability in math and science and their interest in high-technology jobs.

The seminar's keynote speaker was Krystal Mitchell, who talked about her career
in mechanical drafting. Mitchell, a 1997 graduate of Jefferson College, works
for Supreme Tool & Die Co. in Fenton.

Mitchell was the first woman to work in that company's engineering department,
where she creates computer models of component pieces for the die-casting
industry. She told the girls at the seminar, "I believe you should always go
after what you want, even if it means breaking the mold."

FESTUS

School district will buy new bus and pickup truck

The Festus School Board has authorized the purchase of a school bus and a pickup
truck.

The bus is to cost $ 48,255, including an International chassis from Meier
Motors and a Thomas body from Ponder Equipment. The price includes a $ 1,300
trade-in allowance for Bus No. 16.

Superintendent Robert Taylor recommended the purchase of only one bus now with
the possibility of more later in the year if the budget allowed.

The pickup truck is to come from Capitol City Chrysler-Nissan for $ 13,576 with
an option of a locking rear axle for $ 335.

JEFFERSON COUNTY

Rural development office will handle preservation grant

The Hillsboro Area Office of Rural Development of the U.S. Department of
Agriculture has been designated as the area processing office for the
department's Housing Preservation Grant program.

Missouri has received an allocation of $ 125,460 from the federal government as
its share of the program. The money is given as grants to government agencies or
nonprofit groups to repair or remodel housing for needy rural residents.

Anyone wanting to apply for assistance should contact USDA, Rural Development,
10820 Highway 21, Suite 112, Hillsboro, Mo. 63050 or call 789-3551.

HILLSBORO

Former Webster fund-raiser is hired by Jefferson College

Michael Seevers Jr., has been appointed the Jefferson College director of
institutional advancement by the college's board of trustees.

Most recently, Seevers worked as a development specialist for the Salvation
Army. He also has served as director of corporate and foundation support at
Webster University and assistant director of development for Ranken Technical
College in St. Louis.

Seevers has a master's degree in business administration from Webster University
and a bachelor's degree from the Heidelberg, Germany, program of the University
of Maryland.

HILLSBORO

Aldermen pass ordinance to solve holidays problem

The Hillsboro Board of Aldermen has passed a bill to clear up any
misunderstandings about its rules for holidays. The new provisions apply to
police officers.

Alderman Becky Lowry, 2nd Ward, wanted to make sure that police officers receive
eight hours of extra pay for each holiday even if they work on that day. Lowry
is also the chairman of the Police Personnel Board.

The holiday day would be in addition to straight pay police officers receive for
working on holidays, just as any other day. The provision does not apply to the
chief of police, who is not covered by the Fair Labor Standards Act.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             305 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                  May 2, 1988

Low-Income Housing Facing Hard Times

SECTION: Pg. 18

LENGTH: 417 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Mortgage defaults and prepayments could reduce the nation's inventory of
privately owned, Federally subsidized low-income housing by 81% in the next 15
years, a new study says.

Federal initiatives, in cooperation with states and localities, are needed to
stem the loss of more than half a million low-income housing units in the next
15 years, according to a report by the National Low Income Housing Preservation
Commission.

The commission was appointed by the House and Senate housing subcommittee.  It
was headed by Carla Hills, secretary of Housing and Urban Development during the
Ford Administration, and Henry Reuss, chairman of the House Committee on
Banking, Finance, and Urban Affairs from 1975 to 1981.

The report focused on projects developed with aid from HUD's Section 236 rental
housing assistance program and its Section 221(d)(3) mortgage insurance
programs.

Approximately 523,000 of the nation's 645,000 Federally assisted low-income
housing units could be lost by the year 2002 as Section 8 rental assistance
contracts expire, developers prepay subsidized mortgages, and older properties
deteriorate and become more costly to maintain, the commission found.

Owners of 280,000 of the 645,000 units are likely to default on their mortgages
in the next 15 years, leaving the Federal government to dispose of the
properties.

Poor cash flows and severe deterioration of properties are the chief reasons for
defaults, it added.

Another 243,000 units likely will be converted to market-rent apartments or
condominiums by owners who prepay their Federally subsidized, 40-year mortgages,
as they are permitted to do after 20 years.

As many as 473,000 units could be preserved in the next 15 years with funding
totaling $ 17.7 billion, the report said.

This amount includes $ 6.4 billion in continued subsidies and $ 11.3 billion in
new funding.

The figures also reflect the cost of providing assistance to 50,000 households
that are likely to be displaced.

In comparison, the cost of providing housing vouchers for 523,000 households
would be $ 21 billion, the report said.

Among other things, the commission urged Federal government to affirm that it
will provide at least 645,000 low-income housing units over the next 15 years.

In addition, the commission endorsed the establishment of a new office of
low-income housing preservation within HUD.

The office's charge would be to work with state and local governments to develop
and implement preservation program.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             306 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Palo Alto Daily News (California)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 12, 2016 Tuesday

Redwood City: El Camino Real plan looks to encourage affordable housing, retain
small businesses

BYLINE: Jason Green, Palo Alto Daily News, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 499 words


Jan. 12--REDWOOD CITY -- The city will spend at least $195,000 on a plan that
would, among other things, encourage the construction of affordable housing and
the preservation of small businesses along El Camino Real.

The City Council voted unanimously Monday night to hire San Francisco-based
Dyett & Bhatia Urban and Regional Planners to prepare the so-called El Camino
Real Corridor Plan.

"It's arguably the most important corridor within our city, one that if you work
or live within Redwood City you travel or walk on every day," said Community
Development Director Aaron Aknin.

The initial goal of the plan would be to evaluate and consolidate four recently
rezoned parts of El Camino into a cohesive plan, according to a recent report by
Lindy Chan, a senior planner for the city.

It would also explore opportunities for the construction of affordable housing
and the preservation of small businesses.

Council members stressed the importance of connecting the plan to the Grand
Boulevard Initiative, a collaboration of 19 cities, counties and agencies to
improve various aspects of El Camino from Daly City to San Jose.

"We need to make sure we don't get too parochial about this," said Councilman
Jeffrey Gee. "Otherwise we're going to screw up the mid-Peninsula even worse
than some people think we are."

Gee said the city's immediate neighbors to the north and south are in the midst
of making or considering changes to El Camino. San Carlos, for example, is
getting set to break ground on its long-awaited Transit Village project and
Atherton could potentially delete a traffic lane.

"I think we have to work with our neighboring cities to make sure El Camino
connects and we don't get to a city limit and go from two lanes to one lane or
three to two without a nice transition," he added.

Others viewed the plan as an opportunity to improve the look and feel of the
busy thoroughfare.

"I don't think anyone here would argue that El Camino looks as good as we all
think it could look," said Vice Mayor Ian Bain. "I think this plan gives us an
opportunity to do that."

In approving the $195,604 contract with Dyett & Bhatia, the council also agreed
to give City Manager Melissa Stevenson Diaz the authority to spend an additional
$60,000 on a new traffic study and more community workshops for the plan.

"This is a classic opportunity to get the collective wisdom, to really get
people involved in some creative ideas, and look at ways that we can really
improve this long into the future," said Mayor John Seybert.

"I don't think El Camino has been significantly looked at since Grant Boulevard,
since it was probably the main highway or the King's Highway and probably had
ruts in it from the wagons."

Email Jason Green at jgreen@dailynewsgroup.com or call him at 650-391-1337;
follow him at twitter.com/jgreendailynews.

___ (c)2016 the Palo Alto Daily News (Menlo Park, Calif.) Visit the Palo Alto
Daily News (Menlo Park, Calif.) at www.paloaltodailynews.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160112-PL-Redwood-City-El-Camino-Real-plan-looks-to-encourage-affordable-housi
ng-retain-small-businesses-0112-20160112

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PL


                      Copyright 2016 Palo Alto Daily News


                             307 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           October 2, 2013 Wednesday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

THIS IS THE ART PART NABE RIPS PLAN TO CHANGE ICONIC HARLEM SCHOOL TO CREATIVE
SPACE

BYLINE: BY JOEY SCARBOROUGH and MICHAEL J. FEENEY NEW YORK DAILY NEWS

SECTION: UPTOWN NEWS; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 412 words


IT'S music to their ears.

A defunct, century-old East Harlem school is being renovated into 90 units of
live-work space for artists - with half set aside for residents of "El Barrio."

"It's designed for working artists and their families," said Melodie Bahan, a
spokeswoman for Artspace, the Minnesota-based group that partnered with El
Barrio's Operation Fightback on the $52-million conversion of Public School 109
on E. 99th St.

In addition to the 90 units, the building, which has been vacant for 20 years,
will set aside 15,000 square feet as galleries for arts organizations and the
community in East Harlem, which has a long artistic history.

"To have it return to the community and serve as a center for the arts is
exciting," Bahan said.

The deteriorating PS 109 was slated for demolition around the turn of the
century, until it was saved by preservationists and transferred to the
Department of Housing Preservation and Development.

Artspace and Operation Fightback lined up the funding - nearly half from the
federal government, plus city housing and arts grants - and got the Ford
Foundation, the Warhol Foundation, JPMorgan Chase, the Rockefeller Foundation
and other big players to also pitch in.

That symbolic barnraising gets its physical expression on Wednesday, when
workers hoist the school's original 17,000-pound steeple above the entryway.
Locals will also get to tour the building, though the leasing process won't
begin until the spring.

Units will be set aside for individuals and families earning no more than 60% of
the area's median income, or roughly $51,540 for a family of four. Rents are
expected to range from $500 to $1,100 per month.

Despite all the backing, some residents in East Harlem weren't too excited to
hear about the new plans.

"It's a heartbreaking loss to not use the building to provide a fantastic,
totally free education to the children of East Harlem," said community activist
Gwen Goodwin. "There are so many places in East Harlem for artists. This is a
joke."

Bahan disagreed.

"It's housing for artists who are traditionally low-income workers," she said.
"It's for El Barrio."

It's also for other city artists.

"It's interesting because it will bring a bunch of artists together," said Ruben
Henriquez, a 25-year-old photographer, videographer and graphic designer. "I
would be interested in living there."

El Barrio Artspace PS 109, 215 E. 99th St. between Second and Third Aves. in
East Harlem. For info, visit www.artspace.org/ps109.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: East Harlem community activist Gwen Goodwin opposes plans to convert
the defunct PS 109 (background) into a live/work space for local artists. Photo
by Joey Scarborough

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Daily News, L.P.


                             308 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 20, 2000, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Residential Real Estate;
Harlem Block Transformed After 10-Year Pause

BYLINE: By RACHELLE GARBARINE

SECTION: Section B; Page 8; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 952 words


After an 18-month renovation, the rundown rows of empty buildings that, like
battered bookends, long filled the corners of Morningside Avenue at West 117th
and West 118th Streets in central Harlem, have been turned into 49 condominium
apartments.

The one- to three-bedroom units were carved from refurbished interiors created
behind the restored brick facades of the buildings. Each of the two rows of six
19th-century buildings was combined into a pair of five-story structures. One is
at 371 West 117th Street; the other is at 370 West 118th Street.

The residences, including several duplexes, have 648 to 1,225 square feet. All
have been sold for $60,083 to $146,959 to buyers with annual household incomes
of $28,000 to $70,950.

The $6.8 million project, called Morningside Parc, looks across Morningside
Avenue to Morningside Park. Its 49 units were developed with city and state
subsidies, under the Partnership New Homes Program. Its sponsors include the New
York City Department of Housing Preservation and Development and the New York
City Housing Partnership, with further support from the New York State
Affordable Housing Corporation.

This project "is a good example of how renovating existing buildings can be
another vehicle to providing affordable homeownership," said Charles Brass,
president of the housing partnership.

The project's developer and community sponsor is the nonprofit Harlem Community
Development Corporation, a subsidiary of the Empire State Development
Corporation, the state's economic development agency. Galaxy General Contracting
of the Bronx is the builder. Metropolitan Life Insurance Company and the
Community Preservation Corporation each provided $2.03 million in construction
financing.

Morningside Parc is the long-awaited second phase of a larger renovation project
totaling 148 condo units in former city-owned buildings on parts of both sides
of West 117th Street between Manhattan and Morningside Avenues and stretching to
West 118th Street. The first phase was completed in 1990, and it took four years
to sell all 49 units in a market that was then in a downturn, with Harlem
properties lagging those elsewhere in Manhattan.

Today the opposite is true. The current 49 apartments were sold within four
months through a lottery that drew more than 550 applicants, said Diane P.
Phillpotts, the president of Harlem Community Development.

Lisa M. Stevenson, who is in her mid-30's and works for a nonprofit theater
services group in Manhattan, is buying a one-bedroom condo at the project.

"Without this project I would still have to rent or move to Queens or New Jersey
to buy," she said. "I can now own my own piece of Manhattan, stay in the
neighborhood and be part of the genesis in Harlem."

According to the city's housing preservation agency, it has invested more than
$300 million in Harlem since 1994 and has 20,000 residences completed, under way
or planned. That includes 4,200 homeownership units, which Carol Abrams, a
department spokeswoman, said "tracks with what the three Harlem community boards
are advocating."

Among the larger recent projects is Renaissance Plaza, which is nearing
completion on Lenox Avenue and West 116th Street. It includes 62,000 square feet
of stores topped by 241 city-subsidized co-ops. Another large project is planned
at 1400 Fifth Avenue between 115th and 116th Streets. It will have 129 condos
above 25,000 square feet of stores.

Prices of existing homes in Harlem are rising. The average sales price for condo
apartments in Manhattan above West 110th Street and East 96th Street was
$184,013 in the second quarter of this year, up from $171,286 in the same period
in 1999, according to the Real Estate Board of New York. At the same time the
board put the average sales price for town houses at $266,780, up from $224,538.

Along with public subsidies lowering the price of each Morningside Parc unit by
$33,000, the project has been granted tax abatement from the city, which will
effectively keep real estate taxes at a minimum for 30 years. Monthly common
charges, including taxes, are initially projected to be $259.52 to $489.38;
without the abatement they would be $270.40 to $509.89.

The buildings that make up Morningside Parc as well as those in the larger
development had been taken over by the city through tax foreclosure. In time
they became ugly bruises on the two blocks.

That began to change in 1989 with the project's first phase, which included the
renovation of a six-story mid-block building on the south side of West 117th
Street into 42 condominiums. Also, four brownstones on the north side of the
street were converted into 8 condominiums.

Nearly 10 years passed between the completion of the project's first phase and
the start of the second, a delay due mainly to the downturn in the real estate
market.

Along with restoring the facades of the former walk-up buildings, the
renovation, designed by Roger C. Lewis & Associates of Rockville Centre, N.Y.,
included new plumbing and heating systems, elevators and lobbies. Each complex
also has such amenities as a community room and a landscaped rear courtyard.

The apartments feature oak floors, ceramic tile bathrooms and washer and dryer
hookups. Many also offer park views. Buyers will be able to start occupying
their units by the end of November.

Construction of the project's third phase is expected to start early next year.
It will include 47 condos created from seven buildings on the south side of West
117th Street from mid-block west to the corner of Morningside Avenue. The seven
are to be renovated into two structures, completing the transformation of the
block begun over a decade ago.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Two rows of buildings on the same block facing Morningside
Avenue in Harlem have been renovated as 49 one- to three-bedroom condominiums.
Above is 371 West 117th Street; below is 370 West 118th Street. (Photographs by
Carol Halebian for The New York Times)

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                             309 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 5, 1995, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

PERSPECTIVES;
Prescriptions for Housing Programs

BYLINE: By ALAN S. OSER

SECTION: Section 9;   Page 7;   Column 1;   Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 1312 words


NO city comes close to New York in its spending for housing development.
Focusing mainly on restoring the tax-foreclosed housing stock for low-income
people, the city has spent $3.6 billion over the last eight years.

The results are visible in far-flung neighborhoods, where once-abandoned
apartment buildings have been restored. In addition, hundreds of new houses have
gone up on vacant city-owned land.

A new report called "Building in Partnership: A Blueprint for Urban Housing
Programs" says the programs that produced this housing have made the city's
neighborhoods the "world's largest and most diverse laboratory for testing
innovative strategies in housing development and finance."

The report was written by Kathryn Wylde, president of the New York City Housing
Partnership, one of the key participants in city housing programs, and funded by
the Robert Sterling Clark Foundation. Extracting from what it finds to be both
successes and failures in these strategies, Ms. Wylde makes the case for two
basic propositions: Structured programs that bring in competitive development
proposals are superior to subsidy packages tailored to individual projects or
developers, and nonprofit intermediaries and community-based organizations
should take part in designing and implementing housing programs.

Advice abounds: Cut development costs (six ways to do it); speed the development
process (nine suggestions); maximize the contribution of nonprofits (four
suggestions); attract more private investment (eight suggestions).

One point that comes through loud and clear is that new production for those
least able to afford its cost -- very low-income people and the homeless -- is
likely to subside drastically once rehabilitations of tax-foreclosed buildings
subsides. Very low-income households are the ones that need the most financial
assistance per housing unit built, since they have the least capacity to repay
the true cost through rent. More private investment is needed to "leverage"
public money, the report makes clear. That suggests that the beneficiaries must
be people better able to pay back the cost, whether in rental or for-sale
housing.

At least one objective advocated in the Housing Partnership report has already
been taken up by Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani. He announced it under the acronym
"Anchor" in the Bushwick section of Brooklyn in December.

Anchor stands for Alliance for Neighborhood Home Ownership and Revitalization.
Its goal is to bring job development and retail facilities to an area that has
already had a burst of new city-assisted home development. The Anchor district
is bounded by Atlantic and Bushwick Avenues and Malcolm X Boulevard, where
Bushwick, Ocean Hill and Bedford-Stuyvesant meet. Over the last two years almost
2,000 new housing units have been built within or near it, but the commercial
vacancy rate is 40 percent.

The Anchor concept is hardly novel, but it does call attention to the often
repeated axiom that new housing cannot stand alone. Supplementary facilities,
services and jobs must accompany or soon follow new housing in depopulated
areas, or the housing itself ultimately will be threatened.

MORE immediately, the Department of Housing Preservation and Development is
focused on its Building Blocks program to transfer to nonprofits, private owners
or tenants the 30,000 housing units in mostly occupied tax-foreclosed buildings
that are currently under city management. The units would also be rehabilitated
with city loans or grants.

The capital cost of rehabilitating the buildings is now estimated by city
officials at $50,000 a unit, or $1.5 billion for all 30,000. This projection is
much higher than city officials provided for a similar program under the Dinkins
administration. At $50,000 a unit, the cost would be far above normal in
private-sector buildingwide improvements to mostly occupied buildings. These
costs usually range between $25,000 to $30,000 a unit.

The Partnership report says that the most significant housing trend in New York
City in the 80's was the rising rate of owner-occupancy. During the decade, the
percentage of households who owned their home or apartment rose to 30 percent
from 27 percent.

Another trend was occurring at the same time -- the rise of the homelessness
issue. Fully 72 percent of the city money for production spent from 1987 to
1993, or $2.3 billion, was for this low-income or no-income population. To
operate it the city taps Federal community development block grants, often at a
level of about $3,000 an apartment a year. Tenant rent pays the rest of the
$5,000-a-year needed.

"Rehabilitations for very-low-income people will be extremely difficult over the
next few years," said Carol Parry, who runs the community development group at
Chemical Bank, a lender to assisted-housing efforts. "We will still be able to
do the home ownership projects, and the rentals that require less subsidy per
unit."

One form of indirect subsidy available to the city, not discussed in the
Partnership report, is tax relief to private rental buildings with low-income
tenants. Those buildings -- often unrehabilitated and burdened by one or more
mortgages -- lose tenants to the handsomely rehabilitated low-rent buildings
financed by the city, which pay no taxes and often have no mortgage debt either.
Overtaxation of low-income private rentals also feeds the tax-foreclosure
pipeline.

Another approach that could be given greater emphasis involves low-interest
loans for moderate rehabilitation of occupied rental buildings. Such programs
have long been in use but in recent years the capital budget has focused instead
on major renovation of the city-owned stock.

THE Housing Partnership report shows that different types of new housing will
have widely varying costs, depending on site conditions, project design and
financing mechanisms. The least expensive on a per-unit basis is the Nehemiah
program of small-home construction, operating on large, cleared tracts in East
Brooklyn and the South Bronx. This church-sponsored low-overhead operation
benefits also from interest-free construction loans from church sources. In the
Bronx, the report says, Nehemiah is building 422 single-family and condominium
units at an average cost of $77,250 a unit, which includes a city subsidy
per-unit of $15,000.

That compares with higher costs when the developer is building on scattered
sites, and higher still when the housing type is a multiple dwelling using
tax-exempt financing. At one rental development in Queens serving roughly the
same income population as the Nehemiah houses, for instance, the development
costs were $108,000 a unit, which includes a city subsidy of $59,000 a unit.

Construction costs are critical, since to the extent that they can be reduced,
less public assistance is needed. But in New York City economic barriers are
built into the development process itself. The Partnership report notes that
building and fire code requirements combined with handicapped-access rules "make
new construction of four-story, three-family homes almost impossible under
existing programs."

Similarly, reviewing agencies are in a position to impose unrealistic conditions
on private development. The report cites the Soundview Peninsula development in
the Bronx, which had weak sales and defaulted on its loan from a bank. The
project is still obliged to build an expensive shorefront esplanade and meet
other approval conditions although it was "marginally feasible in the first
place," the report says.

Regulatory impediments to private development have been a major concern of the
City Planning Commission lately. "We have to clarify and simplify the zoning
code," said Joseph B. Rose, the chairman. "We are mapping more areas for
mixed-use zoning. The current rate of new housing production is not adequate."

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Kathryn Wylde, president of the New York City Housing
Partnership, shows picture of the Erasmus Place development near Erasmus Hall
High School in Brooklyn, one of many the Partnership has assisted. (Chester
Higgins Jr./The New York Times)

Graphs: "Production Falls as City's Role Grows" shows total housing units
completed from 1965 to 1994 (Source: Department of City Planning) and capital
assistance from city since 1987. (Source: Department of Housing Preservation &
Development)

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                             310 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                            October 30, 2016 Sunday

Our Opinion: 'Yes' on Question 5 will benefit Pittsfield

BYLINE: The Berkshire Eagle

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 283 words


The Community Preservation Act (CPA) has benefited communities across
Massachusetts, including four in the Berkshires, since 2000. It is past time for
Pittsfield to join in.

A "Yes" vote on Question 5 on the ballot in Pittsfield November 8 would enable
the city to join the CPA, which allows communities across the state to create a
local Community Preservation Fund to be used for a variety of projects, from
recreation to affordable housing to preservation of historic buildings. Money
comes from a surcharge amounting to 1 percent of assessed property taxes. The
state contributes to the local fund with money it takes in from every real
estate transaction.

This latter provision is assuredly a huge factor in why 160 municipalities have
adopted the CPA. Real estate transactions in Pittsfield contribute to the pot of
money but Pittsfield has not been able to dip into the pot because it hasn't
adopted the CPA. Other communities have benefited from the revenue generated in
Pittsfield.

Pittsfield could use the money to rehabilitate historic structures or renovate
buildings for affordable housing. Upgrades could be made to the city's beautiful
but underfunded parks. The city's CPA funds could be used to leverage state and
federal grant money to further improve the city's infrastructure.

The Community Preservation Act is an ideal example of a good government program
that raises money in part through the state but allows towns and cities to
determine how they will spend the money. Pittsfield would have a pool or funds
to use for any number of worthy projects at the cost of a modest surcharge.
Pittsfield's participation in the CPA is overdue, and The Eagle endorses a "Yes"
vote on Question 5.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             311 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 9, 1982, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

FIRE FAILS TO DAUNT MERCHANT

BYLINE: By RONALD SMOTHERS

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 725 words


Donald Margolin's eyes wandered up to the I-beam that ran the length of his New
York Furniture Store at 820 Eas t Tremont Avenue in the Bronx. It was charred
and twisted like a piece of ribbon candy, and just above it, where the roof used
to be, sunlight streamed into the one-story building.

The sunlight shone on what was left of mattresses, sofas, washi ng machines and
other burned and soggy debris. It illuminated some stereo compon ents still in
their cabinet, its once shiny metal and plastic contr ols fused and melted.

A fire on Jan. 28 that destroyed the store that had been operated by Mr.
Margolin or his brother for 22 years could have been a familiar chapter in an
urban story common in the South Bronx:

The small-business man, besieged by robberies, frustrated by the neighborhood's
seemingly intractable decline, his store finally devastated by a suspicious
fire, moves out. Like dominoes falling, his departure means the loss of jobs and
salaries to his mostly neighborhood employees, fewer amenities for the local
clientele and yet another indication that survival, not to mention prosperity,
is a slender hope there.

Preparing to Relocate

Instead, Mr. Margolin is preparing to relocate his business temporarily about 12
stores west in a city-owned building on the stillbustling street while he works
with a privately and publicly financed local development organization to rebuild
his old store.

The group, called Bronx 2000, with offices on the same block as the old store,
had moved to secure what was left of the building the morning after the fire and
had pressed officials of the city's Housing Preservation and Development
Department to lease space to the owner. It had also been able to get the city's
Office of Economic Development to process quickly a grant that would partly
cover the rebuilding.

''It's hard to believe how they just took over when I was too upset to do
anything,'' Mr. Margolin said.  Bronx 2000 is a three-year-old organization
created by the Phipps Houses, a local settlement house. With foundation, city
and state funds, it has aided businesses in the area to renovate and expand, has
developed a mushroom-growing business that puts to use the area's abandoned
buildings, and has helped renovate some of those buildings for housing.

'Crisis Intervention'

David M. Muchnick, director of the group, said that helping Mr.  Margolin was
the kind of ''crisis intervention'' necessary in the area.

''Ten of his 14 employees live in the area and we didn't want to lose the
jobs,'' Mr. Muchnick said. ''This business strip is still a good one, and
Margolin wanted to stay. A lot of owners want to be a part of a new frontier up
here, rather than groan about the area's past glories, if someone helps them
out.''

Between 1975 and 1978, the commercial district along East Tremont Avenue from
Boston Road to Webster Avenue lost as many businesses as it had in the preceding
10 years, according to Mr. Muchnick.

There were once about 300 businesses in that strip, but the number is now around
200. Many of the merchants left just after the 1977 power blackout in which
their stores were looted and in some cases burned, but Mr. Margolin recalls that
his brother, Richard, who died last July, had been determined to stay.

Fire Started by Candle

Arson has been declining in the area, according to Capt. Robert McGowan of the
48th Precinct. He said the furniture store fire had been started by two inept
burglars who used a candle to light their way and accidentally set the place
afire. One of them was captured when he got trapped in the store.

Joseph Gan, owner of the nearby Tremont House of Fashions, said the ''torching''
of a store worried other merchants not only because it threatened their stores
but also because it often meant a fellow merchant was trying to go out of
business and collect the insurance.

''It's good they are rebuilding,'' he said. ''It's bad that it happened at all,
but if it had to happen, this is better than a straight-out arson.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: Photo of Donald Margolin

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             312 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                August 16, 1999

Editorial: A Happy Anniversary

LENGTH: 534 words

The Housing Act of 1949 turns 50 this year, and for those of us who haven't been
in the business for half a century, the Housing Assistance Council has been kind
enough to point out why this is a significant event. It was back in 1949 that
Congress created the first of the rural housing programs that have endured to
this day, the section 502 and section 504 loans (now designated the RHS - Rural
Housing Service - 502 and 504, after a complicated bureaucratic rejiggering
we've described in a previous editorial).

Rural housing wasn't the only provision of the 1949 bill, HAC's Joe Belden
points out in the latest issue of Rural Voices, but the provisions that were set
up in the Act endure and provide the linchpins of the government's effort to
promote decent and affordable housing to our rural citizens.

Why did they do so? Mr. Belden points out that the will of the Congress was set
forth directly and eloquently in the preamble, which stated the goal of "a
decent home and a suitable environment for every American family."

The Act set up a direct home loan program for farmers (the 502) and a rehab loan
and grant program for very low income people (the 504). Since 1949 these have
been followed by section 514 (Farm Labor Housing Loans), section 515 (Rural
Rental Housing Loans), section 516 (Farm Labor Housing Grants), Section 523
(Self Help TA and Site Loans), Section 524 (Site Loans), Section 521 (Rental
Assistance), Section 533 (Housing Preservation Grants), Section 502
(Single-Family Guaranteed Loans) and Section 538 (Rural Rental Guaranteed
Loans). These programs have gathered steam over the decades, even though rural
populations have fallen with the growth of urban and suburban areas. For the
1950s, Mr. Belden points out, the old Farmers Home Administration funded $ 218
million in loans and grants. That increased tenfold in the 1960s, to $ 2.4
billion. And the 1970s saw another tenfold increase, to $ 24.3 billion.

Mr. Belden characterizes the federal rural housing effort as "a housing program
that has worked." Certainly it has been one that has been necessary. We have
taken the opportunity in the last couple of years to tour some of the rural
areas of this country, only to find the kind of "invisible" poverty and
substandard housing that is out of the reach of the nightly news, and so less
amenable to reform.

Rural areas, though neglected of late years, remain prime territory for
expanding mortgage markets. Tens of millions of people still live in rural
America, but they are not as competently served by the banking and mortgage
industries as their counterparts in cities and suburbia. The fact that rural
residents have the highest rate of homeownership in the country ought to signal
to lenders that here is fertile, stable ground to increase market share. An
astonishing three of four rural residents is a homeowner.

Rural initiatives by banks with nationwide reach (Bank of America/NationsBank,
Wells Fargo/Norwest come to mind) have some potential to change this. The
opening of the Federal Home Loan Bank System to commercial banks has meant
thousands of rural banks can now tap into remote money for their local
borrowers.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 1999 Faulkner & Gray, a division of Thomson
              Information Services, Inc., a New York corporation



                             313 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    December 16, 1994, Friday, Final Edition

HUD Restructuring To Localize Decisions;
Consolidation Aims for 'Mega-Block' Grants

Guy Gugliotta, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A33

LENGTH: 572 words


The Clinton administration has decided to spare the Department of Housing and
Urban Development from the wrecker's ball, but the agency will undergo drastic
restructuring, rolling dozens of programs into gigantic block grants to be
managed by local communities.

President Clinton in a speech last night said that 60 HUD programs would be
combined into four larger programs. Knowledgeable sources said final details
must still be worked out between HUD and the budget office.

HUD Secretary Henry Cisneros Wednesday briefed housing providers and interest
groups on the plan, saying the administration did not wish to eliminate HUD. He
said three of the new programs would provide "mega-block" grants for
family-based assistance, housing production and economic development.

The fourth change would convert the Federal Housing Administration into a
government-owned, HUD-affiliated company, according to knowledgeable sources.
The FHA insures mortgages for homes and apartment buildings serving low- and
middle-income Americans.

In a separate initiative, the sources said, HUD would lump several public
housing programs together to deregulate the administration of public housing and
to give public housing tenants the option of seeking alternative housing.

Despite the dramatic face lift, there was no evidence that the changes would
save large amounts of money. Cisneros told housing providers that most of HUD's
budget was tied up in housing and rent contracts that would survive regardless
of what happened to HUD. The budget office has earmarked $ 27.6 billion for HUD
in fiscal 1996.

HUD administers more than 150 programs dealing with the needs of the poorest
Americans and for years has been a favorite target of conservatives dismayed at
the agency's general confusion and periodic scandal.

Since taking office as secretary in 1993, Cisneros has received generally
favorable reviews with several initiatives to consolidate programs and shift
their administration to local authorities.

But nothing contemplated by the agency up to now approaches the wholesale move
to block grants conjured up by HUD and the budget office in the aftermath of the
Republicans' victory in November's congressional elections.

Block grants, used for years by HUD and other federal agencies, award lump sums
to individual communities, a technique that allows local officials broad
discretion in how to use and administer the monies.

By emphasizing block grants, federal agencies can shed much of the red tape
associated with scores of individual programs, and transfer spending authority
to the officials who are best acquainted with local needs.

the briefing.

The first, he said, is for family-based assistance programs, among them rental
subsidies, low-income housing preservation and assisted housing.

The second, production-assistance block grant, will encompass homelessness
programs, an existing block grant for community projects, and special-needs
housing for the elderly, the disabled and AIDS patients.

A third community economic development block grant is still under discussion.

In the separate initiative, HUD plans to group several public housing programs
in another block grant designed to give public housing authorities much greater
discretion in renovating or replacing their housing stock.

Cisneros said, however, that HUD will retain oversight authority for 104
officially "troubled" housing authorities.


LOAD-DATE: December 16, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                             314 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                   Turtle Mountain Star (Rolla, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               December 21, 2009

Tribe receives funds, honors from USDA

BYLINE: Logan Davis

LENGTH: 637  words


The Turtle Mountain Band of Chippewa received a boost in their efforts to
improve the housing of very low-income tribal members. Last Tuesday,
recently-appointed. USDA (United States Department of Agriculture) Rural
Development State Director Jasper Schneider presented a ceremonial check of
$100,000 to the tribe to repair and rehabilitate some of the homes of various
eligible homeowners.

Chairman Richard Marcellais and some of the tribal council representatives along
with the Tribal Home Improvement Program and Block Grant Program administrators
accepted the check on behalf of the tribe. Schneider noted that in addition to
the grant from Rural. Development, Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) will
provide $500,000 and the Home Improvement Program (HIP) will fund $125,500
toward the needed tribal community repairs program. Those funds will be used to
remove health and safety hazards, to rehabilitate homes to meet current
standards and codes, and to improve accessibility to persons with disabilities.

"The Obama Administration and I believe that every citizen deserves to live in
safe and affordable housing," stated Schneider. "This grant will help rural
residents make the necessary repairs to improve their living conditions. This
couldn't have been done without the cooperation of the people in this room. It's
the hard work of people on the ground that make all the success possible."

After Schneider made that statement, he announced awards were being given to the
staff of the Turtle Mountain Pathways to Prosperity Progtam. Recognized for
their efforts to better the economic and living conditions of the tribe were
Anna Sarcia, former director of P2P, along with current staff members Erika
Malaterre, Alexis Marcellais, and Norman McCloud Jr.

"Today, we give a special 'thank you' to Norman, Alexis, Erika and Anna for
their dedication in assisting families and individuals with their housing needs.
This is a good example of a group of individuals wanting to make a difference in
people's lives in a rural community."

USDA Rural Development's relationship with Pathways to Prosperity began over two
years ago when the tribal leadership recognized that many tribal members and
others in the community could benefit from Rural Development Single Family
Housing Programs but lacked the ability to readily access the programs. It was
at that time P2P began to work directly with the Rural Development office in
Minot by assisting families and individuals within the community to apply for
single family housing loans, and grants. Many tribal members were able to obtain
access to funds to make essential home repairs and in some cases, purchase a
home.

"Pathways, to Prosperity and specifically the employees recognized today have
provided an invaluable service to their community in assisting interested
families and individuals with their housing applications," added Schneider.

In addition to awarding plaques to. the four individuals mentioned above,
Schneider and Rural Development also recognized Lenny Bel-garde (HIP Director)
and Sharon Poitra (CDBG Administrator) for their commitment in securing the
$100,000 grant to address the housing needs of their fellow tribal members.

Rural Development's Housing Preservation grants help ensure that rural single
and multi-family housing is adequate, meets current safety standards and is
accessible to people with disabilities. Grants are awarded to non-profits,
(including faith-based organizations), local governments and Native American
tribes, which in turn provide loans, grants or loan/grant combinations to
individuals who need home repairs.

"This is my first opportunity to come and present in a ceremony like this in a
tribal community and I hope this is the start of a great partnership that I can
make even stronger in the future," said Schneider.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TUR

                      Copyright 2009 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2009 Turtle Mountain Star


                             315 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 6, 2009 Tuesday

Region Briefs, Oct. 6

BYLINE: Messenger-Inquirer, Owensboro, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 589 words


Oct. 6--Man sought in murder investigation turns himself in to OPD

A man wanted in connection with a fatal shooting in Texas turned himself in to
the Owensboro Police Department over the weekend.

Marvin Imani Thruston, 29, of San Marcus, Texas, turned himself in to Owensboro
police Saturday. OPD had received a warrant from Austin, Texas, that Thruston
was a fugitive, and Thruston contacted police to turn himself in.

According to the Austin American-Statesman, Thruston is wanted in connection
with the Sept. 29 shooting death of Michael Carmicle, 22. The newspaper reported
Carmicle was on a street in north Austin when a car containing four men stopped
nearby. One man got out of the car and shot Carmicle with an assault rifle.

Thruston has a criminal history in Owensboro, including a 2002 charge of
trafficking in a controlled substance within 1,000 yards of a school and a 2007
charge for receiving stolen property.

Owensboro police had no further information Monday. Thruston was being held
Monday in the Daviess County Detention Center.

Seminar tonight on learning differences

Families Supporting Learning Differences is sponsoring a free seminar featuring
Shannon Kendall, director of the Lindamood-Bell Carmel Learning Center, at 6:30
tonight at Owensboro Christian Church, 2818 New Hartford Road.

The meeting will be in Building A, Room 321.

Kendall will explain the Dual Coding Theory -- a theory of cognition -- and
describe the underlying sensory-cognitive processes that affect reading,
spelling, comprehension and critical thinking.

She has frequently presented at conferences, including the Kentucky Speech and
Hearing Association and the Indiana International Dyslexia Association.

Whitfield announces funds for Powderly

The city of Powderly in Muhlenberg County will receive a $77,000 grant from the
U.S. Department of Agriculture's rural development office, according to a news
release from U.S. Rep. Ed Whitfield's office.

The funds will be used to provide assistance for very low-income families who
need to make home improvements.

The grant is part of the USDA Rural Development Housing Preservation Grant
program, which provides funding to "repair or rehabilitate individual housing,
rental properties, or co-ops owned and/or occupied" by low-income rural
residents, according to the news release.

Hancock County to purchase updated dispatch equipment

Hancock County Emergency Services is receiving upgraded equipment after the
county was awarded funds from the 2009 Homeland Security Grant Program.

The $69,384 grant will allow the county to purchase Voice Over Internet Protocol
(VoIP) Dispatch Consoles. County dispatchers currently use desktop consoles with
a microphone attached, said Dave Chapman, the county's technical systems
director.

The new consoles feature a computer with touch-screen monitor and microphone.
The system will also include an off-site console that can be installed on a
laptop computer.

Whitesville City Commission to meet Wednesday

The Whitesville City Commission's regular meeting has been rescheduled.

The commission will meet at 7 p.m. Wednesday at City Hall.

To see more of the Messenger-Inquirer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.messenger-inquirer.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Messenger-Inquirer,
Owensboro, Ky. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091006-OW-Region-Briefs-Oct-6-1006

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OW


                       Copyright 2009 Messenger-Inquirer


                             316 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                January 6, 1985, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

A NEW PLAN FOR THE LOWER EAST SIDE

BYLINE: By GEORGE W. GOODMAN

SECTION: Section 8; Page 6, Column 1; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 1058 words


A COALITION of Lower East Side community

groups has proposed a housing-preservation

plan under which all vacant city-owned property in the area would be used
exclusively for low-income housing.

This is the key element in what the coalition has presented as an alternative to
the Koch administration's plan for dealing with the city's large inventory of
vacant land and buildings on the Lower East Side. Under the city program, known
as ''cross-subsidization,'' the proceeds from the sale of 207 city-owned
buildings, acquired mainly through owner-abandonment, and 217 vacant lots would
be used to help renovate dilapidated buildings to create 1,200 apartments for
low- and moderate-income people. The city estimates that $15 million could be
realized in the sales.

Cross-subsidization would entail sales to developers, who would create
market-rate housing at many of the buildings and parcels.

Organizations representing lower-income renters have long viewed the properties
as a housing resource for the poor. They also fear that lower- income people
will be forced out of the neighborhood by rising values as market-rate
rehabilitations take hold. The group, the Joint Planning Council, is a coalition
of about 30 organizations.

After the city plan was announced, ''I was flabbergasted,'' said Alfred Marston,
chairman of Community Board 3 and a member of Joint Planning Council. ''We had
just created a task force to smooth over problems in our own report when
suddenly, out of the blue, the Mayor came out announcing another plan.''

Over the last decade, many properties within the area in question - roughly
bounded by 14th Street on the north, Delancey Street on the south, First Avenue
on the west and the bulging curve of shoreline on the East River - have fallen
into city ownership through tax-delinquency procedures and some have been
rehabilitated with public assistance. Community groups fear a wave of
higher-income settlement and have opposed unrestricted resales.

The city plan has the support of the United Jewish Council, a coalition of
secular, civic and fraternal organizations that views it as a practical
compromise. Hispanic groups, including Pueblo Nuevo and Solidaridad Humana, are
among the groups that are opposed.

The cross-subsidy approach also is being tried in the Williamsburg section of
Brooklyn. There, too, it engendered support among Jewish groups and opposition
from Hispanic organizations.

According to the Joint Planning Council, increased rental rates in private
buildings and conversions of vacant buildings into market-rate housing are ''the
most serious threats to affordable housing.''

To preserve and expand affordable housing, the council recommends establishing a
Lower East Side Special Community Preservation District with new zoning rules.
It also proposes the creation of a local enforcement unit to prevent further
housing deterioration and to protect tenants' rights and rent levels.


WITHOUT any firm guarantee for the production of low- and moderate-income
housing, the Joint Planning Council contends, the most desirable city-owned
property would be sold off, ''thereby exacerbating the problems of escalating
land costs and gentrification.''

''The city and community,'' the council said, should ''find financial resources
to rehabilitate and build new affordable low-cost housing. City- owned property
should be used exclusively for this purpose, until an appropriate level of
economic integration is achieved.''

With the discontinuation of the Section 8 program for new and substantially
rehabiliated housing, the City Department of Housing Preservation and
Development maintains, it will not be possible to restore the vacant buildings
to useful service without private participation.

Last August, at a Community Board meeting, members of the Joint Planning Council
presented 48 questions on the cross-subsidization plan to the department. The
answers that came back, on Oct. 10, left its members unsatisfied, according to
Debra Humphries, a director of Pueblo Nuevo.

Harriet Cohen, a Joint Planning Council member, said the issue was not racial.
''We don't like the notion of selling city land to private developers, because
three-quarters of existing housing stock throughout the district is now in their
hands,'' she said.

Carol Watson, a member of the executive council of the Lower East Side Catholic
Area Conference, a coalition of 21 Roman Catholic Churches and numerous schools
and shelter groups affilitated with the Joint Planning Council, said the
properties gave the city a ''unique opportunity'' for rehabilitation.

Under Section 8, the Federal Government assumed the obligation of subsidizing
the difference between the ''economic'' rent required to make a major
construction possible and the amount of rent lower-income people pay, normally
30 percent of their annual income.

In the New York area, these subsidies were running at $9,000 to $10,000 a family
a year - with the Federal commitment lasting 20 years. Such costs led Congress,
backed by the Carter and Reagan Administrations, to phase out the program.

Acknowledging the cutback in Federal funds, the Joint Planning Council said that
''100 percent of this land must be reserved for the at-risk lower-income
community residents'' until it becomes possible to rehabilitate for their needs.


''IN effect,'' said Charles Perkins,

a spokesman for the Housing

Preservation and Development Department, ''they would have us do nothing until
the Federal Government decides to grant new subsidies for low-income housing. We
have to do something, and this is the point of cross-subsidy.''

Meanwhile, the transitional character of the Lower East Side has created
startling anomalies. A short stroll from the Catholic Workers Soup Kitchen at 36
East First Street is Evelyne's, a chic new restaurant in a basement at 87 East
Fourth , serving nouvelle cuisine dinners starting at about $50 for two. A
tenant pays $96 a month for a studio apartment in a walk-up on Stanton Street,
while in the same building an art student recently relocated from New Jersey
pays $450 a month - and withholds it on the ground that her hot water was shut
off for a week. Requesting anonymity, she said, ''When I complained to the
owner, I was told I could get out of the lease and move somewhere else.''


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of Evelyne's Restaurant

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             317 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Laurel Leader-Call (Mississippi)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 8, 2010 Wednesday

Food boxes for Seniors to be distributed early

BYLINE: Charlotte Graham, Laurel Leader-Call, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 462 words


Dec. 08--LAUREL -- The Jones County Office of Pearl River Valley Opportunity,
Inc. (PRVO) has scheduled an earlier date for senior citizens to pick-up this
month's food boxes.

PRVO Office Manager Tensie Wheeler said those who receive monthly food boxes
from agency are asked to pick up their boxes from the Cameron Center on Dec. 20,
rather than Dec. 27 as previously scheduled.

"We thought it would be best to get the boxes out before the Christmas holiday,"
said Wheeler. "They can come from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m."

A non-profit social service organization established in 1965, PRVO provides
about 200 monthly food boxes to senior citizens from across Jones County. The
boxes are provided to qualified senior citizens through the Mississippi Food
Network's Commodity Supplement Food Program (CSFP). The program is administered
under the direction of the Mississippi Department of Health.

In addition to the food pick-up, Wheeler said PRVO will hold a special meeting
at 11 a.m. The meeting, also at the Cameron Center, is held to announce upcoming
changes in the PRVO program.

PRVO is an organization that helps people rise above poverty through offering
various services to enhance their education and training, increase the
opportunity to work and obtain decent housing.

Services and programs offered by the agency include the American Recovery and
Reimbursement Act (ARRA) program which provides education, training and
employment to people to help them become self-efficient; Before and After School
Care Programs; Community Service Block Grants; Emergency Food and Shelter;
Extended Day Early Childhood Development; Families First Resource Centers; Head
Start; Housing Construction, Development and Management; Housing Preservation
Grants; Intensive Youth Supervision Programs; Intermediary Relending Programs;
Low Income Home Energy Assistance Programs; Male Involvement; Minority Business
Enterprise Loan Program; Prescription Assistance Program; Positive Youth
Development; Rural Business Enterprise Loan Program; Section 5311 Transportation
Program; Services for Senior Citizens, Summer Child Care Services; Summer Food
Service Program; Weatherization; Youthbuild and much more.

In addition to Jones County, PRVO serves clients in Covington, Forrest,
Jefferson Davis, Lamar, Marion and Pearl River counties. Wheeler noted that PRVO
serves more than 2,500 Jones County residents per year.

For additional information, phone 601-428-3171.

To see more of the Laurel Leader-Call or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.leadercall.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Laurel Leader-Call, Miss.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101208-LH-Food-boxes-for-Seniors-to-be-distributed-early-1208-20101208

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LH


                       Copyright 2010 Laurel Leader-Call


                             318 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                           December 14, 2014, Sunday

Making Almost Heaven a reality

BYLINE: John David

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. P1C

LENGTH: 891 words


Nancy and Cecil (Cork) Labus decided 19 years ago to return home to West
Virginia and looked for a rural inexpensive house near where Cork had family.
They found an old place that had been unoccupied for a decade near Hico.

Fayette County is "at risk as defined by the Appalachian Regional Commission.
Recently, USDA-Rural Development added the county to its "Strikeforce category
citing pervasive poverty and related socio-economic factors. People who once
worked hard in coal mining and resource-based industries are struggling to
survive and many, such as Nancy and Cork, had health issues.

The house was actually a three-wall log cabin structure with an "add on on the
fourth side. The roof consisted of trusses and rafters made from tree limbs. The
house was heated by a "wood burner and wires dangled dangerously inside and out.
Needless to say, the rehabilitation of this house presented a unique challenge
and creative effort by those in the YouthBuild, AmeriCorps, and volunteer
programs with the Southern Appalachian Labor School (SALS).

Vickie Smith, who has been for 20 years the SALS Construction Manager and
licensed contractor, had never seen anything like this. At first, she expressed
dismay that the home was on the "to do list. But Nancy, who had heard about the
SALS program in a newspaper feature article, was tenacious. She called SALS over
and over for at least a year and finally prevailed. SALS engaged in the tedious
process of cobbling together funds from the Pittsburgh Federal Home Loan
Bank/United Bank's Affordable Housing Program, USDA-Rural Development's Housing
Preservation Grant program, "left-overs from other projects, and tax-credit
donations through the West Virginia Neighborhood Investment Program to assemble
a "Force To Make A Difference for the Labus family. The "job was turned over to
Dave Shaver, a seasoned SALS site supervisor who had experience with almost
impossible situations.

The situation was helped considerably by the grateful attitude exhibited by
Nancy and Cork. While they had no children together, Nancy had several by a
previous marriage, and her son, with Cork, worked on the roof as "self-help
sweat-equity . Nancy provided holiday presents and cooked for the crew, which
was highly appreciated since the place was a long ways from anywhere. Crew
members even helped cook and Nancy now jokes that the nearly two-year project
took longer than needed because nobody wanted to leave. Daniel David, a crew
member from "Day One, recalls that the house was tough but the family's support
made everyone more than willing to go the extra mile.

The energy audit conducted by SALS on the house was off the chart. The logs had
to be sheeted inside and out due to cracks. Skeletons of "critters in the attic
had to be removed. The tree branches supporting the roof had to be reinforced.
Windows that were popping out had to be custom made, Energy Star rated, and
re-fitted. The back entrance with steps had to be totally re-built since access
was impossible. The entire house had to be insulated. The "wood burner and pipe
had to be replaced with an Energy Star HVAC (heat/AC) system. All new wiring had
to be installed. Thanks to a new regional rural water system, the old well with
brown iron-water had to be disconnected and new plumbing installed.

Floors had to be leveled and fixed, since the additional rooms and porches now
included as part of the basic home had various levels, support structures, and
underpinning. Fascia installation, painting, and much other work occurred. Nancy
recalls a situation where it took three hours and a smoking drill to install a
light due to the logs and hard wood used throughout the house.

Nancy recalls her excitement about the work being done. She kept telling crew
members "Thank you! Thank you! and says she cried a lot with happiness. She now
says she is "real proud of her home. It keeps her rheumatoid arthritis at bay,
as she pointed to a folded unused wheelchair on the porch, and the house is, as
she puts it, "no longer an eyesore along the highway . But her special moments
were being around the crew who contributed so much love, sweat, and tears for
her "Home Sweet Home in Almost Heaven West Virginia.

The house was completed nearly five years ago. Then, just last year on December
19, 2013, after over 30 years of marriage, Cork suddenly died. In remembrance of
him and the memories of all that happened, Nancy wears a heart-shaped pendant
containing some of his ashes. She said the welfare department (state Department
of Health and Human Services) offered to pay $1,250 for his arrangements...but
wanted to put a repayment lien on the house. Proudly, thanks to having the house
done by SALS at no cost, Nancy said she turned down the offer. She told us that
she wanted to be "debt-free at last.

As Vickie and I concluded our visit, Nancy hugged us and cried. But the day was
not over. The home health nurse was knocking on the front door. It was time to
keep hope alive.

Homeowner Nancy Labus (left) and Vickie Smith, of the Southern Appalachian Labor
School, visit at Labus' rebuilt home near Hico.

Photo courtesy of John David

John David is director of the Southern Appalachian Labor School and a Gazette
contributing columnist. Hewrote this story for Rural Voices, a magazine of the
Housing Assistance Council. It is reprinted with permission.

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Charleston Newspapers


                             319 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            January 12, 2016 Tuesday

Redwood City: El Camino Real plan looks to encourage affordable housing, retain
small businesses

BYLINE: By Jason Green Daily News Staff Writer

SECTION: BREAKING; Communities; Peninsula; News; Local

LENGTH: 479 words


REDWOOD CITY -- The city will spend at least $195,000 on a plan that would,
among other things, encourage the construction of affordable housing and the
preservation of small businesses along El Camino Real.

The City Council voted unanimously Monday night to hire San Francisco-based
Dyett & Bhatia Urban and Regional Planners to prepare the so-called El Camino
Real Corridor Plan.

"It's arguably the most important corridor within our city, one that if you work
or live within Redwood City you travel or walk on every day," said Community
Development Director Aaron Aknin.

The initial goal, according to a report by Senior Planner Lindy Chan, would be
to evaluate and consolidate four recently rezoned parts of El Camino Real into a
cohesive plan for the corridor.

In addition, the plan would explore opportunities for the construction of
affordable housing and the preservation of small businesses. It wouldn't
increase building heights or intensify uses beyond what is already allowed.

Council members stressed the importance of connecting the plan to the Grand
Boulevard Initiative, a collaboration of 19 cities, counties and agencies to
improve various aspects of El Camino Real from Daly City to San Jose.

"We need to make sure we don't get too parochial about this," said Councilman
Jeffrey Gee. "Otherwise we're going to screw up the mid-Peninsula even worse
than some people think we are."

Gee said the city's immediate neighbors to the north and south are in the midst
of making or considering changes to El Camino. San Carlos, for example, is
getting set to break ground on its long-awaited Transit Village project and
Atherton could potentially delete a traffic lane.

"I think we have to work with our neighboring cities to make sure El Camino
connects and we don't get to a city limit and go from two lanes to one lane or
three to two without a nice transition," he added.

Others viewed the plan as an opportunity to improve the look and feel of the
busy thoroughfare.

"I don't think anyone here would argue that El Camino looks as good as we all
think it could look," said Vice Mayor Ian Bain. "I think this plan gives us an
opportunity to do that."

In approving the $195,604 contract with Dyett & Bhatia, the council also agreed
to give City Manager Melissa Stevenson Diaz permission to spend $60,000 on a new
traffic study and additional community workshops for the plan, which is expected
to take 12 to 18 months to draft.

"This is a classic opportunity to get the collective wisdom, to really get
people involved in some creative ideas and look at ways that we can really
improve this long into the future," said Mayor John Seybert.

"I don't think El Camino has been significantly looked at since Grant Boulevard,
since it was probably the main highway or the King's Highway and probably had
ruts in it from the wagons."

Email Jason Green at twitter.com/jgreendailynews.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             320 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            October 27, 1995, Friday

JUDGE: CITY CAN'T EVICT SQUATTERS

BYLINE: By SALVATORE ARENA

SECTION: News; Pg.  12

LENGTH: 368 words


A colony of East Village squatters yesterday won a court order barring their
eviction from four city-owned tenements that have been a flash point for
confrontations with cops.

The ruling was a legal setback for the Giuliani administration, which has pushed
the evictions on E. 13th St.

Manhattan Supreme Court Justice Elliott Wilk, who issued a preliminary
injunction, said the ownership rights would have to be resolved at trial. He
issued a preliminary injunction, saying the squatters had so far provided "ample
evidence" to support their ownership claim.

The squatters would be irreparably harmed if they were evicted and left homeless
and the buildings were gutted before a trial, Wilk said.

"We are going to appeal for sure," said Leonard Koemer, the city's chief
assistant corporation counsel.

Koemer criticized the ruling, saying it permitted "trespassers" to assume legal
ownership of buildings they are "occupying illegally."

"There isn't a court in this state that has recognized that concept," he said.

The city, which acquired the buildings in tax foreclosures in the late 1970s,
wants to evict the squatters so it can use a federal grant to create apartments
for 41 low-income and formerly homeless families.

But the administration also has sought to reaffirm its control over neglected
city-owned buildings.

The squatters, led by the East 13th Street Homesteader Coalition, say legal
ownership passed to them because the city abandoned the buildings, while they
drove out drug dealers and spent thousands of dollars to make the structures
habitable.

The Department of Housing Preservation and Development, citing dangerous
conditions at 541 and 545 E. 13th St., forcibly evicted dozens of squatters from
the two tenements in May.

About 150 cops in riot gear removed the squatters in an operation that involved
helicopters, an armored personnel carrier, firefighters and Emergency Medical
Service personnel.

Stanley Cohen, the attorney for the coalition, said Wilk's decision does not
mean those who were dispossessed can reoccupy the buildings. He said it was an
indication that Wilk believes the squatters have made a strong case for legal
ownership.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1995 Daily News, L.P.


                             321 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            October 2, 2000, Monday

NEW HOMES OPEN DOORS IN BED-STUY

BYLINE: By NANCIE L. KATZ DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SUBURBAN; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 381 words

Faces were glowing under a shining sun in Bedford-Stuyvesant as officials cut
the ribbon on another city-sponsored housing development.

Rising from an abandoned, trash-strewn lot on MacDougal St., E.I. Key Maple
Gardens' 45 three-family homes give moderate and middle-income residents their
first shot at home ownership.

Apartments feature walk-in closets, large master bedrooms and lush carpeting
behind a brick facade bordered by flowered gardens.

The development, destined to include 1,000 units, is the largest project of the
Partnership Homes Project - a public-private initiative between the city
Department of Housing Preservation and Development and the city Housing
Partnership. The combine has revitalized neighborhoods throughout the city.

"We've been able to replace vacant, garbage-filled lots with housing and gardens
people can tend to," a beaming Charles Brass, the Housing Partnership's
president, told a crowd peppered with city correction and law enforcement
officers who just bought homes.

"The master bedroom alone could provide enough space for a junior-four in
Manhattan. People who make as little as $36,000 a year" can buy, he said at
ceremonies last week.

The townhouses, featuring an owner's unit and two rentals, contrast markedly
with their neighbors - dilapidated, rundown, boarded-up buildings on MacDougal
between Saratoga and Howard Aves.

The new construction was funded by $4 million in grants from state, city and
borough government. Chase Manhattan Bank and Roslyn Savings Bank provided $9
million in loans to buyers, whose incomes had to be below $70,950.

Speakers such as new homeowner Dwain Mansell and Deputy Borough President
Jeannette Gadson mourned the degradation of a neighborhood that had been a
thriving community just 50 years ago, and celebrated its revitalization.

"I was born and raised in Bedford-Stuyvesant," said Mansell. "I saw this area .
. . turn from lots of homes to what happened in the '60s, with the riots, to
lots of empty lots. A lot of my friends said it's crazy to buy a home in
Brooklyn.

"So far, I'm happy I made the decision," added the 45-year-old social worker,
holding a complimentary city welcome mat for his new home. "In five or six
years, it's going to be hard to get in here."

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2000 Daily News, L.P.


                             322 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                              May 15, 2006 Monday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

OWN YOUR OWN HOME

BYLINE: BY ELIZABETH LAZAROWITZ

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 508 words


WENDY ANDREW WANTED TO buy a home where she could care for her elderly parents,
but given her modest salary as a teacher's assistant, it seemed like a pipe
dream.

"They wanted $60,000 or $70,000 in a down payment, and that would have been very
hard for me," Andrew said.

A chance meeting with a real estate developer in Queens, though, led her to
Neighborhood Housing Services of New York City, a group that helped turn her
dream into a reality.

With the average Manhattan apartment running at more than $1 million, you might
think you have to be a millionaire to become a homeowner in the city. Not so,
said Sarah Gerecke, NHS' CEO. "It's very, very challenging. This is the most
expensive market New York City has ever experienced."

City homeownership hit a record high of 33.3% in 2005, according to a study by
the city Department of Housing Preservation and Development, as low interest
rates fueled a boom in home buying across the nation.

But there's help. Andrew qualified for a program that allowed her to buy a
two-family home for $313,000, including a $11,300 down payment. The process took
three years, and while the wait was frustrating, she used it as an opportunity
to save, working a second job at Home Depot. "I'm glad I waited," she said.
"It's a really good feeling to have your own home."

The HPD offers the HomeFirst Down Payment Assistance program that offers a grant
worth 6% of a home's purchase price or $10,000 toward the down payment or
closing costs.

The program is for first-time homebuyers who meet certain income restrictions (a
couple with two children, for example, can make no more than $50,250) and will
live in the home for at least 10 years. The program requires prospective owners
to take a homeownership course at a city-approved agency.

Taking classes on homebuying at a not-for-profit organization like NHS, some of
which are free, can also make it easier to get a mortgage and can sometimes open
the door to lower rates.

"Banks believe customers who go through our courses are much less likely to
default," said NHS director of marketing Peter Greene. Banks often partner with
groups like these to offer low-cost loans or matching savings programs.

Applicants are placed in a lottery and then offered spots based on the outcome.
Buyers need to meet certain income and asset requirements and limits.

Current lotteries for homes in the five boroughs can be found at www.nyc.gov/hpd
or by calling 311.

"We're trying to create as many housing opportunities as we can," said HPD
spokesman Neill Coleman.

Another option for those with limited incomes is buying a multi-family property
and using rental income to help make your monthly payments. The city's lotteries
include dwellings like these. It's important, though, not to fall for a deal
that seems too good to be true.

Never rely exclusively on a real estate agent. Hiring your own lawyer to look
over any contracts or documents is vital, as well as getting a licensed,
independent home inspector to check out your prospective new pad, Gerecke said.

elazarowitz@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ANTHONY DELMUNDO Wendy Andrew stands proudly in front of her home at
107-15 160th St.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Daily News, L.P.


                             323 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 13, 1982, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Perspectives: Tax Incentives;
THE J-51 TAX INCENTIVES: A PROGRAM UNDER FIRE

BYLINE: By ALAN S. OSER

SECTION: Section 8; Page 7, Column 1; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 1297 words


NO city program has done as much to further housing improvement in N ew York
City over the last 20 years as the tax-incentive system k nown as J-51. But as
the housing market has strengthened, especiallyi n Manhattan, critics have grown
more vocal. Now a number of l egislators are fighting the renewal of J-51
authorization in Albany.

What seems to go down hard about J-51 is that it is an ''as-ofright'' program:
Developers or owners who use it can get the benefit of foregone taxes without
having to demonstrate to a reviewing body that the rehabilitation could not
proceed without the benefits.

So critics argue that in this case or that, the work could have been done
without tax benefits. Or they protest that certain work is not socially
desirable in view of its dislocation of present tenants. Or that tenants should
not have to pay the rent increase that a rehabilitation will require. Or that
the beneficiaries of the program will be ''the rich.''

But there also are advantages to an as-of-right program, among them that it is
clear, dependable and efficient. Relying on it, lenders are willing to grant the
financing that housing improvement requires. The program gets used. In fiscal
1980, for example, 70,000 housing units were improved or created under the J-51
program. Most were in occupied buildings, but 2,900 were conversions of space
that previously was not residential. Of these, 2,600 were in Manhattan.

Practitioners consider it doubtful that so much could have been done without tax
benefits. There are two kind of benefits under the program. One is an exemption,
normally for 12 years, from any increase in tax resulting from higher valuation
on the building based on eligible, or certified, improvements. The second part
consists of an abatement of property taxes up to a certain percentage of the
certified reasonable costs, but at a rate limited to 8 1/3 percent of those
costs per year.

Until 1979, the limit equalled 90 percent of reasonable cost on all kinds of
J-51 work. In 1979, the Council reduced this to 50 percent for conversions
anywhere in Manhattan, a major change.

In 1981 the Manhattan cutbacks were extended even further. Now, in the midtown
and downtown office districts, no conversions from nonresidential to residential
use may get any J-51 benefits at all.  Nor are they allowed for conversions in
certain manufacturing districts, and in others they are allowed only under
restricted circumstances.

In almost the whole of the area from 96th Street to 34th Street between Eighth
Avenue and the East River, there are virtually no abatements available for
either conversions or improvements. But there is still an exemption in taxes
based on a higher valuation resulting from eligible construction.

Anthony B. Gliedman, the Commissioner of Housing Preservation and Development,
says that five years ago, 75 percent of the tax dollars foregone under the J-51
program were from central Manhattan. ''Today we are under 40 percent,'' he said,
demonstrating the relative growth in the incentive's use in Brooklyn, Queens,
the Bronx and Staten Island compared with Manhattan.

In a typical Manhattan loft conversion, the total taxes foregone over 15 years
under the currently approved schedule of reasonable costs is about $5,000 for a
one-bedroom apartment, factoring in inflation, said Daniel Zanini, counsel to
the tax incentives division of the Department of Housing Preservation and
Development.

In conversions in other boroughs, where the abatement is 90 percent of
reasonable cost, the comparable figure, based on 20 years of availability, is
about $9,000 per one-bedroom apartment, he said.

Many of the conversions have led to far higher assessments than had been placed
on the properties in their former existences as warehouses, manufacturing
buildings or commercial buildings. Thus, when the benefits do expire, the
properties will be pay much higher taxes than they would have otherwise - a
situation that loft cooperators would do well to anticipate.

The Manhattan cutbacks, coupled with the weak market in housing sales generally,
has already brought about a winding down in Manhattan conversion activity,
according to several lawyers for developers. The cut in J-51 benefits combined
with higher interest rates have eliminated rental production, and loft
cooperatives or condominiums are produced only in the strongest areas, such as
the East Side.

''There will definitely not be rental conversions,'' said Joseph Gaier, a lawyer
who handles J-51 applications for developers. ''Loft cooperatives possibly will
continue because of the market in general.'' Paul Ribner, another lawyer, said
clients were no longer looking for properties to rehabilitate into apartments.
IRWIN LEIMAS, a third lawyer, said the removal of J-51 benefits in m
anufacturing and office districts would ''reduce J-51 r ehabilitations by 90
percent.''

But the impact of J-51 is far broader and deeper than a handful of Manhattan
loft conversions suggests. It is an element in almost every form of multifamily
housing improvement throughout the city, both in occupied and unoccupied
buildings.

It operates both in conversions and rehabilitations. A conversion means a change
from a nonresidential building to a ''Class A'' housing unit in a multidwelling
building. Or it means a conversion from a single-room-occupancy hotel to a Class
A building. A Class A building is one in which each apartment has its own
kitchen and bath.

A rehabilitation means no change in use. The building was residential to start
with. But there are rehabilitations and rehabilitations. It can be a
''substantial,'' or gut, rehabilitation in which a new building is created in
the shell of the old. Or it can be merely a major capital improvement in an
occupied building.

And since 1979 there is a new category called moderate rehabilitation. This
means a total or extensive systems replacement in occupied buildings. The J-51
benefits for these improvements are more extensive than in other types. The
exemption runs for 32 years and the abatement applies to 100 percent of
reasonable costs.

In many of the rehabilitations, other governmental subsidies are involved. In
fiscal 1980, 64 percent of the gut rehabilitations that got J-51 benefits also
received direct government help such as Section 8 rent subsidies or a
low-interest Participation Loan. In other words, they were specifically aimed at
providing housing for lower- or moderate-income tenants.

One charge often made is that the availability of J-51 has caused a loss in
single-room-occupancy hotels in Manhattan. The Mayor's Office of S.R.O. Housing
estimates that 80 percent of the loss of such units occur because the hotel is
upgraded as a hotel. In any event the city has adopted a program called J-51-5.0
that provides special benefits for upgrading single-room-occupancy hotels.

Historically the city's goal was to eliminate S.R.O.'s, which were considered
substandard housing. But now the J-51 benefits to upgrade them are more generous
than for other types of J-51 activity. The owner gets the benefits at the start
of rehabilitation rather than at the end.

Conversion activity in the stronger Manhattan areas has already dropped sharply
even with existing benefits. But the failure to renew the J-51 authorization
would be devastating for housing improvement efforts in all the boroughs.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: graphs by boro of how J-51 benefits have been used

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             324 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 November 1, 1992, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Perspectives: Lead Paint Legislation;
Tailoring Responses to the Level of Risk

BYLINE: By ALAN S. OSER

SECTION: Section 10; Page 5; Column 2; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 1390 words


A NEW mayoral housing bill dealing with lead paint in New York City apartments
has started to wend its way through the City Council, providing another case
study of the complexities of dealing with newly discovered environmental risks
in old buildings.

The bill would establish a new regulatory system and a grants-and-loan program
for rental housing to deal with the danger toyoung children from inhaling lead
dust or swallowing lead chips.

Critics who brought the city to court over enforcement of the existing
lead-paint law are not satisfied with the legislation. Yet to make even this
plan work may require housing subsidies far beyond the level for which the city
is currently budgeting.

The existing law was adopted in 1982. It made the presence of peeling paint in a
pre-1960 apartment occupied by a child under 7 years old a Class C building
violation, the most hazardous kind. As the city implemented the law, an
inspector finding this condition would order the owner to cure the violation,
usually by repairing the damaged surface.

That's not enough, said the New York Coalition to Eliminate Lead Paint. It sued
the city, arguing successfully that the law called for nothing less than full
removal or covering of all apartment elements -- floors, walls, windows,
ceilings -- that had been coated with a lead-based paint, regardless of whether
a surface had been damaged or a child had been sickened.

Federal housing officials have estimated the cost of removing or covering these
components at $15,000 an apartment. If applied to the approximately two million
housing units that were built before 1960 (the year lead paint was banned) that
would suggest a $30 billion housing reconstruction program.

The city tried to overturn the lower court decision but failed. So Mayor David
N. Dinkins appointed a Lead Paint Poisoning Advisory Committee, which has worked
over the last few months with the housing and health departments to prepare
substitute legislation. Last month hearings on this measure -- Intro 553 --
began in the Housing and Buildings Committee of the City Council.

The advisory committee is headed by Dr. Norma Goodwin, president of Health
Watch, a nonprofit health education organization in Brooklyn. She said that the
proposed legislation recognized that there are relative degrees of danger and
follows the principle of applying resources where the dangers are greatest.

Under the bill, remediation would have to be undertaken only after an inspection
finds deteriorated lead paint in an apartment with a child under 7. The
inspection could result from a tenant complaint of peeling paint or a routine
building inspection for other purposes. The form of remediation would depend on
its extent, determined both visually and by measuring lead dust.

Three levels of risk are established -- low, intermediate and high. At low risk,
the prescribed treatment is wet-scraping of the defective area, cleaning with
the use of a high-pressure vacuum device, and repainting. The estimated cost is
$1,000 an apartment.

A Level 2, or intermediate, hazard starts with readings of 200 micrograms per
square foot of lead dust from floors, 500 from window stills and 800 from window
wells. A microgram is one-millionth of a gram (a gram is roughy 1/29 of an
ounce. ) The prescribed treatment is removal of lead paint from friction
surfaces such as windows and doors, and the encapsulation of interior sills or
other chewable surfaces. The approximate cost is $3,000 an apartment.

AT Level 3, the high-risk tier, the prescribed treatment is replacement of
deteriorated windows and replacement or encapsulation of other surfaces that
cannot be safely sealed. The risk level starts at lead-dust readings of 1,001
micrograms per square foot from floors, 2,501 from window sills and 4,001 from
window wells. The estimated remediation cost is $8,000 an apartment.

The Health Department would be authorized to order additional abatement as
warranted by specific cases.

MEGAN CHARLOP, one of the three members of the 19-person advisory committee who
opposes the legislation, said that the standard for a health hazard should be
the mere presence of lead-content paint, coupled with its condition and
accessibility, and not the dust level. Ms. Charlop operates a facility at
Montifiore Medical Center in the Bronx where families are housed when their
apartments are getting treatment for lead-paint violations.

But according to Vincent Coluccio, a member of the majority on the advisory
committee, "Abatement should be tailored to the degree of risk." Dr. Coluccio is
a former Department of Environmental Protection official who is now vice
president of ATC Environmental Inc., a testing and consulting firm in Manhattan.

The United States Centers for Disease Control last year lowered its "action
threshold" from 25 micrograms of lead per deciliter of blood, established in
1985, to 10 micrograms per deciliter.

WHEN 25 micrograms was the standard, New York's housing inspections found 3,000
to 4,000 apartments a year that needed some degree of lead abatement. About half
of them would have required what the new law terms Level 1 -- roughly $1,000 an
apartment -- said Harold M. Shultz, deputy commissioner for housing policy and
supervision. Under the new threshold of 10 micrograms per deciliter, the volume
of cases will probably increase to 6,000 to 7,000, he said.

To moderate the cost for owners, the Department of Housing Preservation and
Development is proposing a program of loans and grants to buildings with Level 2
or Level 3 violations.

But grants will be needed in most cases, owners say. Dan Margulies, executive
director of Community Housing Improvement Program, an owner organization, noted
that at $8,000 a unit, the presumed cost of Level 3 abatement is greater than
the total value of many apartments.

Building values at present are often no higher than one-and-a-half-times the
annual rent roll. That means a value of $9,000 a unit if the average rent is
$500 a month. Accordingly, buildingwide improvements of lower-income privately
owned housing at the Level 2 or Level 3 tier of lead risk is inconceivable
without a large subsidy program.

"We are going into apartments built before 1960 looking for peeling paint when
there are children under 7," Mr. Shultz said. "We check when there is a
complaint or when we're checking for any other violations." When any lead
violation is found, a notice will be posted to alert other tenants in the
building.

Another problem for owners is insurance. Owners are worried that insurers will
begin to exclude buildings with potential lead-paint problems from coverage, or
charge prohibitively high fees for it. That could block long-term access to
mortgage credit.

THE housing agency has already started hiring 150 lead-paint inspectors, workers
and loan processors. The budget allocation is $16.8 million in the current
fiscal year. The projection for next year is $23.8 million. About a third of
this money is expected to be available for loans.

Few states have lead abatement laws, but one that does is Maryland. Its effect
in Baltimore was described by Nick Farr, executive director of the National
Center for Lead-Safe Housing, in Columbia, Md.

Seeking to enforce the state law, Baltimore housing inspectors set about
requiring landlords to remove or cover all lead-paint surfaces in houses with
young children. The citations came after a child was found to have elevated
levels of lead in the blood.

"It was a lousy system," Mr. Farr said. The cost of the work was often about
$15,000 a house. Many landlords boarded up the homes rather than do it. Others
did do it but the tenant, having moved out while it was under way, usually to a
house with a lead-paint danger, frequently refused to move back.

Thousands of suits were filed by tenants. A few hundred have been settled,
typically for amounts between $20,000 and $200,000, Mr. Farr said.

Baltimore has since adopted a pilot program under which, using specifications
worked out by the Health Department, it devises with the landlord a program to
make a house lead-safe, though not necessarily lead-free. The typical cost has
been $7,500 a house. It is too early to say whether there will be fewer suits,
Mr. Farr said, but owners have grown more cooperative about remediation.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: The City Council is considering new legislation on lead paint;
right, old paint is peeled from apartment ceiling. (The New York Times)

Table: "The Proposed Lead Abatement Program For New York City Apartments" lists
the proposed lead abatement program for New York City apartments. (Source:
Department of Housing Preservation and Development)

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                             325 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 22, 1983, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

DISPUTE SNAGS RENOVATION OF HARLEM BROWNSTONES

SECTION: Section 1; Part 2; Page 42, Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 858 words


An unexpected historic-preservation dispute has thrown into doubt New York
City's timetable for renovating a number of abandoned Harlem brownstones that
were sold a year ago to neighborhood residents.

None of the first 12 buyers - picked by lottery in a muchpublicized program to
sell and renovate city-owned brownstones - have been able to move in, and city
officials say the dispute may sharply increase the cost of renovation.

To the surprise of the city, the State Office of Parks, Recreation and Historic
Preservation has decided that the dilapidated interiors of the brownstones must
be restored to meet Federal standards for historic buildings. When the lottery
was held, city officials did not expect these standards to apply, and they argue
that an exception should be made.

''I believe in preservation,'' said Robert K. Davis, deputy commissioner in the
City Department of Housing Preservation and Development. ''The city believes in
preservation. But we have to be rational and reasonable as to how far we have to
go.''

The architect hired by the city for the project, Henri A. LeGendre, agreed.

Officials Ready to Accept Bids

''You have nothing to work with,'' Mr. LeGendre said. ''These buildings were
well vandalized. You can't get blood out of a turnip.''

Work cannot begin until the dispute is resolved. City housing officials say that
they are ready to start accepting bids for renovation of the landmark
brownstones, and that if work could proceed on schedule, the new owners would be
able to move in by the end of the year.

For the winners, most of whom live in Harlem and have moderate incomes, the
dispute has meant frustration.  ''I was expecting this to be over six months
ago,'' said Dawn Martine, who won a brownstone on West 120th Street. She said
she used to call the city every two weeks ''to see what was up,'' but has since
stopped calling.

Winning the lottery, Mrs. Martine said, meant she would finally own the
brownstone she had always dreamed of. ''I've been looking at brownstones for 10
years, not being able to afford any of them,'' she said.

The Demands of Economics

The issue matches the economics of renovating low-cost housing, which the city
argues makes it cheaper to replace rather than to restore architectural
elements, against the demands of historic preservation, which call for saving as
many of these elements as possible.

The state has determined that the project will conform to the standards if
conditions for preserving the interiors of the buildings are met.

But Mr. Davis, the deputy commissioner, said the state's conditions would
significantly increase the cost of the program.  The money available for
low-interest loans to the winners is limited, Mr. Davis said, adding that any
increase would have to be financed by the winners themselves.

Most of Them Are Rundown

Marilyn Kaplan, senior site coordinator for the state agency, agreed that the
brownstones were in poor condition but that they would be harmed by a complete
gutting of the interiors.

The city's plans call for restoring the facades but completely remodeling the
interiors.  ''We're not in the business of going in for gold faucets and crystal
doorknobs,'' Mr. Davis said. ''We're trying to make a decent housing stock, not
a luxurious housing stock.''

In the lottery in February 1982, buyers were picked for 12 abandoned brownstones
that had been taken over by the city in tax foreclosures. It was an experiment
intended to make such buildings available to people with moderate incomes.

Prices were fixed at between $5,000 and $42,000. The city plans to provide the
winners with low-interest loans to buy the buildings, and also to make available
Federal Community Development Block Grant money to finance renovations. These
are estimated at an average of $130,000.

Guidelines Set by U.S.

Under guidelines established by the Federal Advisory Council on Historic
Preservation, the state is charged with making sure that the city maintains
standards for historic preservation established by the Interior Department.

The standards apply because Federal money is being used for a project in areas
considered eligible for the National Register of Historic Properties.

According to Miss Kaplan of the state agency, these call for repairing, rather
than replacing, such things as doors, baseboards and wall moldings. If this is
not done, she said, there would be an ''adverse effect'' on the properties.

But Mr. Davis argued that preserving such elements would add an average of
$40,000 to the cost of renovating each building. ''You'd have to stop what would
otherwise be a gut rehabilitation to save a piece of molding,'' he said.

State and Federal officials said they could not evaluate the city's objections
because they had not received a formal response. The state's assessment and
conditions were made in January.

Peter Taraso, the Housing Department's director of site services, said the
department was still making a detailed evaluation of the potential costs of the
state's conditions. In the past, such work has not involved extensive interior
demolitions, Mr. Taraso said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photo of Dawn Martine

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             326 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                                  May 11, 2009

Housing Advocates Get Kudos

BYLINE: Amilda Dymi

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14 Vol. 33 No. 32

LENGTH: 538  words


WASHINGTON-Affordable housing advocate the National Housing Conference and its
research affiliate the Center for Housing Policy received the 2009 MacArthur
Award for Creative and Effective Institutions and a $650,000 grant.

"These awards are given to organizations that are kind of in mid-career or maybe
mid-career ... to identify organizations that have made a contribution and are
ready for the next phase of development," NHC president and CEO, Conrad Egan,
told NMN.

NHC plans to use the award money "to chart a course for enhanced sustainability
through targeted investments in infrastructure." For example, upgrade internal
business and strategic planning tools stay current with its communications
efforts through popular sites like Twitter and Facebook. "We need to be more
aggressive in getting the message out," he said, since NHC is pursuing various
goals.

One such goal is to strengthen the bridges that NHC and the center want to build
with the housing development and housing preservation community. If for years
NHC has been very supportive of the industry particularly the multifamily rental
housing market, he said, as that market has changed in fundamental ways, it is
necessary to restore and recreate bridges, rebuild communication channels and
attract new affordable housing market participants from the development
community into the policy making process.

"We want to set up an affordable housing communications council that will help
strengthen and better leverage the industry's ability to reach the public faster
and in a more effective way."

Finally, the fund will help ensure long-term services. "We have been living
paycheck-to-paycheck, so to speak. This is an opportunity to update our data
systems, our financial systems, our communication systems without dipping into
our day-to-day cash flow." The grant gives NHC a chance to have a reserve, he
said, which it never had before. "The opportunity to have that sort of safety
net is going to be very important in these difficult times. It enables us to be
more creative, more responsive and hopefully more financially viable."

An NHC spokesperson salso aid the grant will help improve operational
efficiency, and also update critical databases and processes, so NHC is now
finalizing a formal plan that will detail how the money will be used. Both
organizations will invest in new technology, including expanding their database
systems, enhance their Web outreach and capabilities, and cover the costs
associated with moving to new office space. Further, it is expected to expand
the organizations' grassroots support work at the national, state and local
levels.

The John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation said both organizations were
chosen because, together, they make a case for coherent, cost-effective housing
policy and legislation that are interlinked with other important investments in
transportation, schools, health care and the environment.

The 75-year-old coalition of for-profit and nonprofit housing developers, banks,
corporations, advocacy organizations, and nonprofit institutions and its
research affiliate are one of only eight organizations worldwide (with less than
$5 million annual budgets) honored by the MacArthur Foundation.

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2009 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             327 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              October 5, 1983, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

DEVELOPER STRUGGLES FOR TAX AID UNDER NEW LAW

BYLINE: By EDWARD A. GARGAN

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 661 words


In 1978 Lewis Futterman acquired the Vancouver, a vacant single-room- occupancy
building on West 94th Street. Under the J-51 program, the city's largest
tax-incentive program for developers who rehabilitate rundown housing, he
expected to receive tax exemptions for turning the building into luxury
cooperatives.

But the Department of Housing Preservation and Development rejected his
application for tax benefits. City officials cited a change in the law
prohibiting benefits for the conversion of former single-room-occupancy
buildings.

Mr. Futterman then turned for help to two elected officials from the upper West
Side who had been highly critical of the J-51 program. At his request the two
officials appealed to the city on his behalf.

A Typical Example

The situation illustrates the contradictions that have swirled around the
program - the city denying tax benefits to a developer under a program it had
long defended and two of the program's most vocal critics urging that benefits
be granted.

The Vancouver, at 314 West 94th Street, had been a single-room-occupancy hotel
for years. But in the months leading to its vacancy in September 1978, there
were six fires in the building, some of them suspicious, according to the Fire
Department.

When Mr. Futterman purchased the building in October 1978, it was vacant,
according to his lawyer, Arnold Mazel. Mr. Futterman's intent at the time, his
lawyer said, was to create 36 apartments with substantial government subsidies.

However, although the proper building permits were received, ''changing economic
circumstances'' made the project unfeasible and work ceased, Mr. Mazel said.

Plans for the Building

Then this year, with a change in economic conditions, Mr. Futterman obtained a
new building permit with the intention of transforming the building into luxury
cooperatives, a project that could only be accomplished with the package of tax
abatements and exemptions available through J-51, according to Mr. Mazel.

In June, after months of debate, the State Legislature passed an extension of
the J-51 tax program at the city's request but placed substantial restrictions
on the size of benefits granted. The new law also denied benefits for the
conversion of any building classified as a single-room-occupancy building on
July 1, 1982.

The prime sponsor of the restrictive J-51 law was Assemblyman Richard N.
Gottfried, a Democrat from the upper West Side and the assistant majority
leader.

In August, the Department of Housing Preservation and Development cited the new
law in denying Mr. Futterman's request for J-51 benefits, noting that the
building was, although vacant, still classified as a single-room- occupancy
building.

Other Reasons Cited

Betsy Foote, the administrator of the J-51 program for the city, said benefits
had also been denied because construction begun in 1979 was not completed within
the three-year limit required by the program.

Faced with the denial, Mr. Futterman asked Mr. Gottfried and Councilwoman Ruth
W. Messinger, also a Democrat from the West Side, to write to the department's
commissioner, Anthony B. Gliedman.

Both Mr. Gottfried's and Miss Messinger's letters, while not referring
specifically to Mr. Futterman's building, insisted that the legislative intent
in passing the restrictive J-51 legislation had not been a blanket denial of
benefits to any building classified as a single-room-occupancy building.

''Our purpose,'' Mr. Gottfried wrote Mr. Gliedman, ''was not a punitive one of
barring from the program any structure that had previously been an SR0, but
rather to further important housing, tax and governmental policies.''

Miss Messinger wrote a similar letter. ''The intent of the legislation was not
to prevent buildings like this from getting benefits,'' she said.

Mr. Gottfried said he had appealed on Mr. Futterman's behalf because ''he is a
developer active in our area.''


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             328 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               February 10, 1997
                              Correction Appended

NHS Mines AH Developer Niche

BYLINE: BY WENDY PELLE

SECTION: Pg. 2

LENGTH: 883 words

DATELINE: New York


Neighborhood Housing Services of New York City Inc. has begun carving a niche
for itself as a nonprofit developer of affordable housing here.

NHS New York expects to purchase, rehab, and sell more than 170 homes in
neighborhoods throughout the city over the next year, some of which will feature
storefront commercial space.

David Beer, who created the NHS development program three years ago and is the
director of the organization, said housing development "is booming." He
attributes this to the city's interest in divesting itself of housing stock it
owns.

"It made sense that the city and the Department of Housing and Preservation
Development turn to NHS because it is a homeownership organization," he said.

NHS, a national nonprofit organization successful at providing comprehensive
homeownership counseling, is connected to neighborhoods by local NeighborWorks
organizations.

According to Mr. Beer, NHS has four projects in the works, consisting of 174
properties in Queens, The Bronx, Brooklyn and Staten Island.

The first project, the one on which the organization is furthest along and where
actual development has begun, consists of 28 properties.  NHS purchased the
properties from the city.

Mr. Beer said this project will be paid for with money from the second round of
funding from HOPE 3, a Department of Housing and Urban Development grant
program.  Last year, in one project, NHS purchased and renovated 54 vacant city
owned properties at a total cost of $ 8.2 million.  That project was funded with
monies from the first round of Hope 3, said Mr. Beer.  "Our success there has
led to these other projects," he said.

This current project of 28 properties, which consists primarily of one-and
two-family houses, will cost $ 5.7 million to develop.  The city sold the homes
to NHS for $ 1.

The project will receive construction financing from three sources: European
American Bank, Hope 3 funds and HPD, which will provide a capital subsidy.

The sale prices for the 14 single-family homes will range between $ 65,000 and $
90,000.  The two-family homes will range between $ 100,000 and $ 130,000.

Construction will be divided into two phases.  "On Dec. 31, we closed on the
first phase of the construction loan and have started renovation of 14 homes,"
said Mr. Beer.  "We must pre-sell half of the homes before we close on the
financing for phase two."

Mr. Beer said all homes will be sold to first-time homebuyers whose incomes are
80% of the area median or less.  "So, for a family of four, the maximum income
would be $ 39,200."

In addition to providing construction financing, European American Bank will
provide end loans, or mortgages if the borrowers qualify, explained Mr. Beer.
EAB will provide 97% financing as the first mortgage, and the second mortgage
will be a non-interest bearing loan.

Mr. Beer said if the buyer sells before 20 years there will be a recapture of
the subsidies provided to make the purchase possible.

Both the construction loan and the end loans will be 50 basis points below prime
with no points, said Mr. Beer.  "We have collected applications, prequalified
buyers and expect to offer (purchase) contracts this month," he said.

HPD will also provide each buyer with a 20-year partial real property tax
abatement.

NHS's second project involves gut rehab and eventual sale of 47 homes in The
Bronx, Brooklyn and Queens.

To act as developer on these particular homes, NHS submitted a winning bid to
HPD's HomeWorks program.

"Both nonprofits and for-profits were allowed to submit bids on sites.  We
applied for six sites and were awarded three," said Mr. Beer.

One site consists of 22 houses on South Fordham Road in The Bronx, 19 houses in
Bedford Stuyvesant, Brooklyn, and six houses in Queens West.

The project is similar to the Hope 3 project with the exception that there are
no income restrictions placed on buyers, said Mr. Beer.

The houses will be sold at market rates, from $ 135,000 to $ 235,000.

The construction lender on this project is The Greater New York Savings Bank
which will lend NHS $ 7 million.  The remaining $ 3.5 million for the $ 10.5
million project will take the form of city subsidies.  NHS will create the NHS
Community Development Corp. to purchase the houses, using the 203K rehab loan
program.  "When we transfer title to the buyers, they will be assuming an NHS
mortgage with a small additional equity requirement, a $ 2,000 downpayment,"
said Mr. Beer.

In addition, closing cost will be less as ancillary services such as surveys and
the mortgage recording tax won't be required, he added.  "We anticipate that
with closing cost and downpayment someone with liquid assets of $ 5,000 and who
can show the ability to make payments," can get a house, he said.

NHS is slated to begin development on the project later this year.  "By the
second quarter we plan to close the 203K loan in NHSCDC's name," said Mr. Beer.

Project number three calls for NHS to rehabilitate 70 single-family detached
homes in Queens.

Fifty of the houses are vacant and will be gutted and rehabbed and the remaining
20 are occupied and will receive moderate rehab, said Mr. Beer.  They will be
sold to first-time homebuyers that are at 50% to 80% of the area median income
and are current NYCHA residents

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: February 24, 1997



CORRECTION: Also, the data for the chart tracking the 11th District Cost of
Funds Index which appeared in the Feb. 10 issue was incorrect The information in
the caption, however, was correct.  For the month of December, the index was
4.842%, according to the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco.
David Beer is director of Neighborhood Housing Services of New York's housing
development program.  Mr. Beer's position at NHS was incorrectly reported in a
story in our Feb. 10 issue.

The retail lending volume for Columbia National Inc. of Maryland was misreported
on a table appearing on page 1 of the Dec. 16 issue.  The figure, which Columbia
gave to this newspaper - $ 1.25 billion, was for the nine-month period ending
with September and not for the three-month period.

Also, the table excluded the third-quarter retail volume of Eastern Mortgage
Corp., Trevose, PA, which produced $ 303 million in residential loans during the
quarter.  Eastern would have ranked 35th.

We regret these errors.

GRAPHIC: Picture, David Beer created the NHS's development program three years
ago.

                         Copyright 1997 Faulkner & Gray


                             329 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Sentinel, Pomeroy, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 12, 2011 Friday

HMC, Holzer Clinic merger: Commissioners approve bond issuance

BYLINE: Beth Sergent, The Daily Sentinel, Pomeroy, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 530 words


Aug. 12--BSERGENT@MYDAILYSENTINEL.COM

POMEROY -- During their regular meeting Thursday, Meigs County Commissioners
approved the issuance of bonds by Gallia County to financially support the
merger of Holzer Medical Center and Holzer Clinic.

Approving the issuance of bonds doesn't pose any liability or cost to Meigs
County though the merger required the commission's approval since one of the
bodies involved, Holzer Meigs Clinic, rests within the county. Attorney Erin
Sutton, representing the firm of Peck and Shaffer, said the merger will result
in the new Holzer Health Systems and Holzer Meigs Clinic would stay open. Sutton
said there has been talk of expanding clinic services and a study is being done
on an emergency room for Meigs County.

Commissioners also renewed contracts for Doug Lavender as both EMS and 911
Director. Lavender also informed commissioners, Meigs EMS now has Lifepack 12
monitors on the county's two, primary medic trucks and the medic truck in
Syracuse. The monitors enable emergency personnel to transmit EKG readings from
the medic trucks to Holzer Medical Center, St. Mary's Hospital and Charleston
Area Medical Center (Memorial Division), which speeds up the time of treatment
for patients. Holzer Medical Center paid for the modem while the county pays for
maintenance and the Verizon cell phone contract to transmit the signal,
according to Lavender.

Commissioners also held the second of two hearings for a program which assists
in low income home repair -- the United States Department of Agriculture Rural
Development Office's Housing Preservation Grant. The grant provides for the
repair or rehabilitation of low- and very low-income housing, and is made
available in areas where there is a concentration of need. Trussell has said she
wants to apply for enough funds to rehabilitate an estimated eight houses --
around $65,000.

Commissioners also approved permanent appropriations in the amount of $155,000
for the Help Me Grow program under the direction of the Families and Children
First Council.

Commissioners approved Kelly Epling as a social worker for the Meigs County
Department of Job and Family Services, upon the recommendation of MCDJFS
Director Chris Shank.

Other business:

Approved replacing a bridge in Rutland Township near Lasher Rd. which was
damaged by heavy rains; also approved was pursuing funding for the replacement
through the Ohio Public Works.

Pat Holter and Mary Powell from the Chester-Shade Historical Association.
appeared to discuss hiring Judy Buckley part time for 20 hours per week at the
courthouse with part of the money possibly coming from the commission and the
other from the Association. Commissioners are reviewing Buckley's application
and the proposal. Holter and Powell also said there were visitors from 11 states
and 12 counties which attended the Ohio Chautauqua at Chester Commons.

To see more of The Daily Sentinel, go to http://www.mydailysentinel.com/.
Copyright (c) 2011, The Daily Sentinel, Pomeroy, Ohio Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information about the content
services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit
www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110812-UO-HMC-Holzer-Clinic-merger-Commissioners-approve-bond-issuance-0812-20
110812

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UO


                                 Copyright 2011


                             330 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bulletin (Bend, Oregon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 20, 2009 Friday

CORRECTION: Affordable housing gets a boost

BYLINE: Hillary Borrud, The Bulletin, Bend, Ore.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 710 words


Nov. 20--Because of incorrect information supplied to The Bulletin, Bend, Ore.,
the story slugged BB-Affordable-housing-gets-a-boost-1115, filed by
McClatchy-Tribune Regional News for Nov. 15, reported incorrect information in
the 5th graf concerning the number of low-income rent burdened households in
Crook, Deschutes and Jefferson counties in 2008.

The number of low-income rent burdened households in the tri-counties was 9,189.

Please delete or kill the earlier version and use the corrected one below.

Affordable housing gets a boost

By Hillary Borrud

The Bulletin, Bend, Ore.

Nov. 15--Thousands of low-income people in Central Oregon struggle to find
apartments and houses they can afford to rent.

The state's housing agency wants to add affordable housing units and keep the
existing ones in good repair. On Friday, the agency announced it awarded about
$3.89 million in grants, tax credits and loans to contractors in Central Oregon
for affordable housing preservation and construction projects.

Statewide, Oregon Housing and Community Services awarded $70.5 million in
funding.

Oregon Housing and Community Services handed out most of the funds as part of
its normal funding cycle, said Lisa Joyce, policy and communication manager for
Oregon Housing and Community Services. Two of the local projects that received
funding are aimed at preserving existing affordable housing. Joyce said the
region cannot stand to lose any affordable housing because demand is already
higher than the supply.

According to figures from 2008, 9,189 low-income rental households in Crook,
Deschutes and Jefferson counties were rent burdened, which means the tenants
have to spend more than 30 percent of their income on housing, according to
Oregon Housing and Community Services.

In Bend, Oregon Housing and Community Services awarded $3.47 million in grants
and tax credits to Northwest Housing Alternatives, for a $6 million preservation
project to maintain the 52 one-bedroom units at the Quimby Apartments on
Northeast Quimby Avenue. The apartments are project-based Section 8 rentals,
which means the rental subsidies are available to the people who live there.

"This particular round of funding will replace the roof, windows and exterior
finishing of the building and preserve that housing for senior citizens," Joyce
said.

"To the extent we've been able to identify, there is demand for a couple hundred
more elderly and disabled (housing) units. It's very important that we keep this
housing stock," she said.

Funding for the Quimby Apartments project includes a $100,000 grant from the
state Housing Trust Fund, a $1.2 million federal grant, a $441,050 federal tax
credit, a $1.7 million state tax credit and $33,000 for weatherization of
low-income housing, according to a news release from Oregon Housing and
Community Services. Affordable housing providers can raise money by selling the
tax credits to investors, who use the credits to reduce their tax liability.

In Redmond, Oregon Hous- ing and Community Services loaned $375,000 to
TimberRiver Development Inc. for costs related to construction of the High
Desert Commons Project, which will provide 28 family units of affordable housing
between Salmon Avenue and Reindeer Avenue, west of Southwest Canal Boulevard.

The agency is also trying to prevent people who live at Grasshopper Village on
Northwest 10th Street in Prineville from losing their Section 8 rental
subsidies, which are attached to the apartments.

The owners no longer want to maintain the affordable housing project, so Oregon
Housing and Community Services provided a $40,000 loan to cover some of the
costs of transferring the property to the Northwest Real Estate Capital Corp.,
which will keep Grasshopper Village as affordable housing, Joyce said.

"We have a lot of interest in providing the... financing to make that possible,"
Joyce said.

To see more of The Bulletin, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.bendbulletin.com Copyright (c) 2009, The Bulletin, Bend, Ore.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091120-BB-CORRECTION-Affordable-housing-gets-a-boost-1115

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BB


                          Copyright 2009 The Bulletin


                             331 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       April 22, 1995 Saturday 2D EDITION

Grandeur of 1890s gets encore at Fisher Mansion

BYLINE: Joanne Ditmer, Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: LIVING; Pg. E-01

LENGTH: 675 words


The grandeur of old Denver has been re-created at the historic Fisher Mansion,
1600 Logan St. - the Junior Symphony Guild's 1995 Designer Showhouse.

The magnificent 15,000-square-foot mansion, built in 1896 by retail magnate
William G. Fisher of prestigious Daniels & Fisher fame, has been restored to
exuberant opulence by 38 interior designers.

Luxurious fabrics, wonderful hand-painted walls, elegant furniture and
considerable imagination has transformed this place into a showcase of
contemporary home ideas.

The Designer Showhouse will be open for visits today through May 14. Hours are
10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Monday through Saturday, 4 to 7 p.m. Wednesdays, and Sundays
noon to 4 p.m. There also is a boutique and an art gallery featuring work from
many of the area's outstanding artists and craftspersons. And there's a tea room
where you can buy lunch. For information, call 355-7855. Tickets are $ 12 at the
door, or $ 10 in advance sale at King Soopers or from JSG members. Admission for
children ages 2 to 12 is $ 5 at all times, infants being carried free, and no
strollers are allowed.

Through its showhouse tours, the guild hopes to raise $ 100,000.

Some of the money will help underwrite Junior Symphony Guild grants to Denver
classical and symphonic music organizations. And a portion of the proceeds will
boost the JSG's music education programs for children: "Tiny Tots," which
presents 20 concerts for 8,000 children ages 3 to 7, and "Inside the Orchestra,"
which provides 40 performances at area elementary schools for about 4,000
children.

The Fisher Mansion was one of Denver's most outstanding residences - a gray
granite, neo-classical revival edifice with two-story columns, large rooms,
beautiful woods and splendid detailing. With the transformation by the Junior
Symphony Guild, it is a home to "ooh" and "ahh" over while collecting ideas to
brighten your own house.

Fisher, who came to Denver in 1870 to make his fortune as a merchant to gold
miners, commissioned the F.E. Edbrooke architectural firm to build his home.
That same firm had also designed the Tabor Grand Opera House.

Though Fisher died in 1897, his family lived in the house until 1934. Then it
began a series of nonresidential uses, including serving as International House
for 17 years. Mr. and Mrs. Howard Cherne have owned it since 1955, and it is for
sale.

Through the designers' magic touch, visitors can imagine what a spectacular
private home the mansion would make. With so many designers involved, there are
a multitude of ideas and looks shown, but all blend together in the magnificence
of the mansion.

The billiards room on the top floor is a luxurious hideaway. Padded burgundy
leather wainscoting underscores the deep periwinkle marble walls. Plum carpeting
and plush leather seating add to the look. The mood is a "faraway gentlemen's
club    reflecting worldly travel, exotic tastes and aristocratic flair,"
designers say.

The master bedroom has a similar sense of sumptuous serenity, with deep emerald
walls, amber and garnet accents, an exquisite painted ceiling, and an air of
enveloping luxury. Other rooms continue the aura of luxury and beauty.

Distinctive character has been created in all the bedrooms with clear colors and
lovely fabrics, suggesting combinations, textures and arrangements that could be
copied in other homes, even modest ones.

The dining room appears to be waiting for a wonderful dinner party. It is
encircled with mahogany wainscoting and beautifully designed, built-in china
cupboards, and a generous southern bay window. The walls have a subtle yet rich
faux finish, echoing the look of old stone.

Even the workaday areas are full of ideas to take home. An unused back porch has
become a well-planned work center for the dedicated gardener, and a dreary
basement corner is an inviting, efficient laundry with modern lighting, sunny
yellow walls, and well-planned counters and sorting bins.

The phrase "They don't build 'em like they used to" could refer to this
magnificent mansion.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: The Denver Post/Glen Martin GOOD SHOW: Fisher Mansion is
fabulously refurbished as the Junior Symphony Guild 1995 Designer Showhouse.
PERFECT SETTING: At top, extraordinary mahogany wainscoting and mirrored china
cupboards add to the glitter of the crystal chandelier at Fisher Mansion. Above,
graceful carved staircase leads from foyer to third floor, with a galaxy of
beautifully decorated rooms along the way.

                        Copyright 1995 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             332 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 19, 1983, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

CITY ORDERED TO GIVE ABATEMENT ON TAXES TO THE TRUMP TOWER

BYLINE: By DOROTHY J. GAITER

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1; Page 29, Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 346 words


A State Supreme Court justice has directed that New York City grant ''without
further delay'' a multimillion-dollar tax abatement to Donald J. Trump for the
Trump Tower, the 59-story luxury office and condominium building that was
constructed on the site of the old Bonwit Teller store in midtown Manhattan.

The ruling, issued Friday by Justice David H. Edwards in Manhattan, supported an
earlier determination by the State Court of Appeals, the state's highest bench,
that the city had improperly denied the tax relief. In December, the Court of
Appeals directed the city to reconsider the application, and in April the city
again denied it and Mr. Trump took the matter to State Supreme Court.

Valerie Asciutto, general counsel for the city's Department of Housing
Preservation and Development, the agency that determines who qualifies for the
tax break, said yesterday that she had not seen the ruling but that it would be
studied to see if an appeal would be appropriate. The city has said the tax
abatement would be worth $20 million. Mr. Trump has put it at $7 million to $10
million.

Mr. Trump, in a statement issued by his office, said, ''We're very gratified and
happy that after winning a 7-to-0 opinion at the Court of Appeals, we've won the
case and so strongly.'' The Trump Tower is at 57th Street and Fifth Avenue.

Question of Underutilization

Under the state's Real Property Tax Law, the site for which a developer can seek
an abatement must have been vacant, predominantly vacant or underutilized in the
36 months before new construction.

A city regulation enacted since the litigation began in March 1981 listed
conditions that qualified a site as underutilized, and the city ruled that the
Trump Tower failed to meet the applicable standards. The city had maintained
originally that the tax exemption was promulgated to encourage construction of
low- and middle-income housing, not luxury units.

Both arguments were rejected.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             333 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             August 29, 2010 Sunday
                                 METRO EDITION

AT A GLANCE

SECTION: SUBURBAN; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 316 words


MELROSE - A Westchester-based developer has begun construction on three
condominium buildings that will be completed by early 2012.

POKO Partners of Port Chester celebrated the groundbreaking of its $13 million
project for 37 units of affordable housing designed by GF 55 Architects.

The project at 1434-1438 Morris Ave. is being financed through a variety of
programs and grants, including a loan from the city Department of Housing
Preservation Development.

YONKERS - A Yonkers man charged with conspiring to distribute and possessing
with intent to distribute 1,000 kilograms of marijuana pleaded guilty on Friday
in Manhattan Federal Court.

From September 2005 to November 2007, Robert Lim and five others led a marijuana
cartel based in Yonkers on Elissa Lane, Midland Ave. and Tarrytown Road,
according to the indictment and statements made in court.

Lim agreed to forfeit $2 million Friday and is due to be sentenced Nov. 5. He
faces a maximum sentence of life in prison and a mandatory minimum sentence of
10 years in prison.

EAST BRONX - The Health Department will spray pesticide from trucks in parts of
Clason Point, Schuylerville and Throgs Neck on Tuesday and Wednesday of this
week, officials said.

The city recommends that residents stay indoors during the spraying, which will
take place between 8 p.m. and 6 a.m.

The pesticides are meant to reduce the mosquito population and risk of West Nile
virus. In case of bad weather, spraying will be delayed until Wednesday and
early Thursday morning.

CROTONA - Catch a free fitness class tomorrow at the Crotona Tennis House.

A certified professional trainer will lead classes in light aerobics,
stretching, basic fitness principles, and education about eating and living
healthy.

The class runs from 5:30 p.m. to 9:30 p.m., and pre-registration is not
required.

For more information, visit
www.nycgovparks.org/events/2010/08/11/free-fitness-classes.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Daily News, L.P.


                             334 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                          February 20, 2008 Wednesday
                                 South Edition

Kingston;
River Street property would cost $175K;
Officials OK land purchase for open space

BYLINE: KRISTEN WALSH, The Patriot Ledger

SECTION: News; pg. ONE10

LENGTH: 251 words


Selectmen have approved buying land at 7 River St. for preservation as open
space. Town meeting voters will pass final judgment on the proposed purchase.

The land, 55,900 square feet of waterfront property on the Jones River, has an
asking price of $175,000.

The purchase was approved by the town's Community Preservation Committee, which
will make a presentation to voters at the April 5 annual town meeting.

The Community Preservation Act allows Massachusetts cities and towns to levy a
property-tax surcharge to generate revenue for creation of affordable housing
and preservation of open space and historic sites. The state provides matching
funds.

Kingston has roughly $1.6 million available for preservation projects and has
designated $860,000 for projects to be considered at this year's town meeting.

The land, which is owned by the Allan Realty Trust, was part of the estate of
Marshall Joyce.

Pine du Bois, chairwoman of the town's open space committee, said the committee
proposed calling the land the Marshall Joyce Wildlife Sanctuary.

The land is in an area where animals cross from the Jones River to Bay Farm, and
du Bois said the region is a valuable wildlife corridor that the town should
strive to protect. The open space committee also will apply for state grants
that would be put toward the land purchase.

"This is a great piece of property for the town to have in order to preserve the
Jones River Landing," Selectman Sandra MacFarlane said.

Kristen Walsh may be reached at Kwalsh@ledger.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Patriot Ledger


                             335 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           February 15, 1999, Monday

PRIVATE PROPERTY
CITY HOUSING DEPARTMENT GIVES BIZ OWNERS A CHANCE

BYLINE: By PETER GRANT

SECTION: Business; Pg.  23

LENGTH: 684 words


Who says being from a tough neighborhood doesn't have its advantages?

The city recently decided to sell 18 Bronx apartment buildings to Eddie and
Kristina Torres for a mere $ 1 each, largely because of their years growing up
and working in the borough's low-income areas.

"If we didn't have the street knowledge, it would be difficult," Eddie Torres
said. "I know exactly what these people need, because I was there also."

In Brooklyn, business partners Adele Selby and David Young formed a real estate
management company in Bedford-Stuyvesant in 1992 enough hands-on experience to
persuade the city to sell them 34 buildings in their neighborhood for the same
princely $ 1 sum for each building.

These entrepreneurs are benefiting from Mayor Giuliani's policy of favoring
small businesses located in low-income neighborhoods as it sells back to the
private sector hundreds of apartment buildings the city seized because of unpaid
back taxes.

Very soon, Selby, Young and the Torreses are going to have a lot of company.

Flush with the success of the program so far, the city is intensifying its
efforts to sell off apartment buildings that have been in the city's portfolio
for years.

In the next two years, the city plans to spend a record $ 160 million to
renovate about 2,400 apartments and then sell them to small real estate
businesses for nominal amounts. That's more than double what was spent in the
past two years on the program, which is open only to entrepreneurs who live or
have offices near the properties.

"We're trying to put into place the full breadth of the program to end the
city's role as landlord of last resort," said city Housing Preservation and
Development Commissioner Richard Roberts.

Also, for the first time, the city is getting ready to sell small, single-family
to four-family buildings either to existing tenants or buyers who agree to move
into the properties.

The city is moving ahead with the first 30 buildings in this new program, and it
has set aside more than $ 25 million for an additional 420 apartments.

Among the first to benefit from this effort are Wanda McInnis, 41, and Zenia
Caldwell, 39. The cousins, who live in a three-unit, city-owned building on
Hancock St. in Bedford-Stuyvesant, are buying the property for about $ 175,000.

They are getting a great deal, considering unrenovated comparable buildings in
the area go for more than $ 200,000 and the city will spend more than $ 150,000
to fix up the property before they close on the deal.

"It's great to have something that you can say is yours," said Caldwell, who has
never owned real estate.

The city is intensifying its sales effort partly to get out of the landlord
business, which costs taxpayers tens of millions of dollars a year. New York
still owns 17,941 apartments, even after selling off more than 12,000 units in
the past five years.

Officials also hope to revitalize neighborhoods by selling to local businesses
and residents whose pride of ownership is worth far more than dozens of
government urban renewal programs.

The city also is trying to spur economic development by re-creating a real
estate industry in New York's poorest communities whose biggest landlord for
years has been the city Department of Housing Preservation and Development.

"I would like to replace all the HPD signs that you see when you drive through
Bedford-Stuyvesant with signs that say Century 21," Roberts said.

So far, the strategy seems to be working.

The Torreses' company, Krislin Management, was started as a small property
operator six years ago. But it has greatly expanded since it began buying city
property and now employs 25 workers.

Some entrepreneurs who got their start buying city property have used the
experience they've gained at construction and dealing with banks to make real
estate investments elsewhere.

"We would like to own as many buildings as possible," said Adele Selby, whose
company, Nasher Realty, just purchased its first noncity property, a 27-unit
apartment building on Marion Ave. in the Bronx.


LOAD-DATE: February 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MICHAEL SCHWARTZ LANDLORDS: Eddie and Kristina Torres at their building
on Longfellow Ave. in the Bronx.

                        Copyright 1999 Daily News, L.P.


                             336 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               September 13, 1999

Groups Take Aim At Blighted Housing

LENGTH: 329 words

Brooklyn, NY-The Independence Community Foundation and Habitat for Humanity-New
York City have united in a joint venture aimed at reducing blighted housing
throughout the city.

The partnership has a $ 4 million commitment in construction from ICF in
addition to a $ 1 million revolving equity fund to help build more than 200
homes for low-income families over the next four years. Habitat for Humanity New
York City said ICF's grant is the first major corporate commitment received for
its $ 20 million "Building On Faith Campaign 2000," launched earlier this summer
with $ 1.1 million in pledges from New York City's Christian, Muslim and Jewish
communities.

The campaign is raising funds for Habitat for Humanity's annual weeklong Jimmy
Carter Work Project, which returns to New York City in September of 2000.

Nothing creates freedom as much as a job and a home, said Charles J. Hamm,
president of ICB.

"Brooklyn represents the first step for many immigrants; the pursuit of the
American Dream begins here for many families," said Mr. Hamm.

As a result of the partnership, the Federal Home Loan Bank of New York and the
New York State Division of Housing and Community Renewal have awarded Habitat
additional grants of $ 416,000 and $ 400,000 respectively.

"The $ 416,000 award is only a downpayment and we look forward to building more
homes in the future with Habitat in New York and New Jersey," said Alfred
DelliBovi, FHLB of New York CEO and president. New York City's Department of
Housing Preservation and Development will provide the property required for the
construction of new homes and several already existing structures in need of
renovation. The Community Preservation Corporation will administer the project's
financing. The Jimmy Carter Work Project will include the construction of more
than 10,000 Habitat Homes in the United States and overseas, said Millard
Fuller, founder and president of Habitat for Humanity.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1999 Faulkner & Gray


                             337 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            Crain's Detroit Business

                               December 04, 1995

LOCAL NONPROFIT TAKES OVER HUD PROPERTIES

SECTION: Late News; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 840 words


Detroit-based Lutheran Social Services of Michigan has acquired two low-income
apartment and townhouse complexes in Adrian and Monroe through a HUD program
that helps nonprofits take control of residential properties from private
developers.

HUD is buying two former Village Green properties, a 114-unit apartment complex
in Adrian and a 190-unit complex in Monroe. Both were owned by Holtzman &
Silverman Realty Co. in Southfield.

Lutheran Social Services subsidiaries are to own and  manage the properties
after a one- to two-year training period from HUD.

Using a grant through the 1990 Low Income Housing Preservation and Resident Home
Ownership Act, HUD paid the transaction, environmental and architectural costs,
other fees and the seller's equity. HUD also plans to cover repairs and
improvements. Lutheran Social Services is to assume a $3 million mortgage.

- Michael Goodin

Layoffs at NBD

First Chicago NBD Corp.  plans to lay off up to 30 middle managers in the
Detroit area of NBD Bank shortly after Jan. 1.

First Chicago NBD spokesman Richard Johnson said the layoffs represent a
''reconfiguration of the way we deliver banking services from a geographic basis
to more of a line-of-business system.'' The realignment also eliminates layers
of bureaucracy, Johnson said.

He said that as a result, ''there will probably be 25 or 30 individuals at
various levels . . . (who) will be leaving either through retirement'' or
layoffs.

- Matt Roush

MCHT head resigns

Charles Henderson announced last Thursday night he is stepping down as president
of the Michigan Center for High Technology. He had served as president of the
high-tech incubator for nearly 10 years.

His successor is David Hagen, 59, the center's senior technology adviser.  Hagen
also has been a member of the center's board for the past six years. He retired
from Ford Motor Co. in January after 34 years in various engineering and
engineering-management positions.

Henderson said at the center's annual meeting he has no immediate plans and will
concentrate on the smooth transition of leadership.

Hagen said the center is taking a new direction, looking to match large,
established companies that need new technology with smaller high-tech companies
that offer solutions and to make it pay off more quickly.

- Michael Maurer

Tech center planned

Triam Automotive Inc. plans to set up a technology center in the Detroit area to
boost its services to major automakers.

The Toronto-based business recently purchased Lexel Engineering, a Troy
contract-engineering company that specializes in structural analysis and
software development, said Triam Automotive spokesman Bruce Sedik.

Former Lexel personnel are to form the core of Triam's new center, which
eventually is to include product designing, prototyping and testing. Triam also
announced an expansion of its Sterling Heights metal-stamping plant.

- Crain News Service

Insert dropped

Around Town, a restaurant and entertainment guide that has appeared monthly in
Crain's Detroit Business since January, has been discontinued as an insert in
Crain's. The special section was a reprint of the popular dining guide that
appears in Detroit Monthly. Rising cost of newsprint contributed to the decision
to suspend publishing overruns for  Crain's. But Crain's readers who want to
continue to receive the monthly dining and entertainment guide will be
guaranteed home or office delivery by subscribing to Detroit Monthly. In
addition to reviews of more than 200 area restaurants and the month's top
events, Detroit Monthly offers personality profiles and general-interest
features about people and places in metro Detroit. A special subscription offer
appears on a detachable card bound into this week's issue of Crain's.

LOAD-DATE: December 07, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 Crain Communications Inc.


                             338 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              October 5, 1983, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

DEVELOPER STRUGGLES FOR TAX AID UNDER NEW LAW

BYLINE: By EDWARD A. GARGAN

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 662 words


In 1978 Lewis Futterman acquired the Vancouver, a vacant single-room- occupancy
building on West 94th Street. Under the J-51 program, the city's largest
tax-incentive program for developers who rehabilitate rundown housing, he
expected to receive tax exemptions for turning the building into luxury
cooperatives.

But the Department of Housing Preservation and Development rejected his
application for tax benefits. City officials cited a change in the law
prohibiting benefits for the conversion of former single-room-occupancy
buildings.

Mr. Futterman then turned for help to two elected officials from the upper West
Side who had been highly critical of the J-51 program. At his request the two
officials appealed to the city on his behalf.

A Typical Example

The situation illustrates the contradictions that have swirled around the
program - the city denying tax benefits to a developer under a program it had
long defended and two of the program's most vocal critics urging that benefits
be granted.

The Vancouver, at 314 West 94th Street, had been a single-room-occupancy hotel
for years. But in the months leading to its vacancy in September 1978, there
were six fires in the building, some of them suspicious, according to the Fire
Department.

When Mr. Futterman purchased the building in October 1978, it was vacant,
according to his lawyer, Arnold Mazel. Mr. Futterman's intent at the time, his
lawyer said, was to create 36 apartments with substantial government subsidies.

However, although the proper building permits were received, ''changing economic
circumstances'' made the project unfeasible and work ceased, Mr. Mazel said.

Plans for the Building

Then this year, with a change in economic conditions, Mr. Futterman obtained a
new building permit with the intention of transforming the building into luxury
cooperatives, a project that could only be accomplished with the package of tax
abatements and exemptions available through J-51, according to Mr. Mazel.

In June, after months of debate, the State Legislature passed an extension of
the J-51 tax program at the city's request but placed substantial restrictions
on the size of benefits granted. The new law also denied benefits for the
conversion of any building classified as a single-room-occupancy building on
July 1, 1982.

The prime sponsor of the restrictive J-51 law was Assemblyman Richard N.
Gottfried, a Democrat from the upper West Side and the assistant majority
leader.

In August, the Department of Housing Preservation and Development cited the new
law in denying Mr. Futterman's request for J-51 benefits, noting that the
building was, although vacant, still classified as a single-room- occupancy
building.

Other Reasons Cited

Betsy Foote, the administrator of the J-51 program for the city, said benefits
had also been denied because construction begun in 1979 was not completed within
the three-year limit required by the program.

Faced with the denial, Mr. Futterman asked Mr. Gottfried and Councilwoman Ruth
W. Messinger, also a Democrat from the upper west side, to write to the
department's commissioner, Anthony B. Gliedman.

Both Mr. Gottfried's and Miss Messinger's letters, while not referring
specifically to Mr. Futterman's building, insisted that the legislative intent
in passing the restrictive J-51 legislation had not been a blanket denial of
benefits to any building classified as a single-room-occupancy building.

''Our purpose,'' Mr. Gottfried wrote Mr. Gliedman, ''was not a punitive one of
barring from the program any structure that had previously been an SR0, but
rather to further important housing, tax and governmental policies.''

Miss Messinger wrote a similar letter. ''The intent of the legislation was not
to prevent buildings like this from getting benefits,'' she said.

Mr. Gottfried said he had appealed on Mr. Futterman's behalf because ''he is a
developer active in our area.''


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             339 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Liberty Bond Sale May Get Postponed Over Subsidy Probe

                             July 18, 2003, Friday

By Michael McDonald



A $215 million tax-exempt, New York Liberty bond sale tentatively scheduled for
this quarter to finance a multifamily, luxury rental housing development in
lower Manhattan could be delayed.

Yesterday, a number of city councilors, led by David I. Weprin, chairman of the
council's finance committee, asked the New York City Housing Development Corp.
to postpone final approval of the bond sale, which will finance a project at 95
Maiden Lane for Rockrose Development Corp. The board is scheduled to vote on the
sale Monday.

In a letter to the city's Housing Preservation and Development Department
commissioner Jerilyn Perine, Weprin and 19 other councilors asked the HDC board
to delay the vote and the city to investigate allegations that city subsidies
for 45 Wall Street LLC, a separate project in lower Manhattan controlled by the
principals of Rockrose, were misused. Perine is also chairwoman of the board of
the HDC, which Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg controls.

"Large public subsidies for commercial real estate development should be
undertaken only with a minimum of risk to the taxpayers," the councilors said.
"Given the outstanding questions about the accuracy of 45 Wall's representations
to government agencies, we strongly urge the (HDC) board to delay approval of
Liberty bond financing for 95 Maiden Lane until the investigation of 45 Wall St.
is complete."

If successful, the investigation would represent yet another hurdle for
Rockrose's project, which had been held up by a dispute over the historic
significance of a building on the development property. The HDC board approved a
declaration of intent for the 50-story development late last year -- its first
preliminary approval for Liberty bonds.

It was prepared to give final approval Monday at its monthly board meeting and
was tentatively scheduled to sell the bonds for Rockrose before October. Bear,
Stearns & Co. has been picked as senior manager and the structure is variable
rate with final maturity of 2036 and a letter of credit from Fleet National
Bank, the HDC said.

Carol Abrams, a city housing department spokeswoman, said the project was still
on the board's agenda. "The board will have an opportunity to discuss it on
Monday," Abrams said of the city councilors' request for delay.

Abrams confirmed the city is investigating 45 Wall Street, which is controlled
by Henry, Karman and Frederick Elghanyan, the principals of Rockrose. She said
that if the owners received property tax exemption and abatement benefits that
they were not entitled to, the benefits would be "revoked retroactively."

The investigation was prompted by a union, SEIU Local 32BJ, which filed a
complaint with the Housing Preservation and Development Department June 5
regarding the use of the so-called 421(g) exemption program at 45 Wall. The
property, across the street from the New York Stock Exchange, is being
subsidized under the exemption program, which promotes residential conversions
in lower Manhattan, and was set up before the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks.

As part of a plan to move and expand the stock exchange, New York City agreed to
buy 45 Wall Street, and Rockrose began vacating the property to prepare for
commercial use. After Sept. 11, the New York Stock Exchange backed out of the
deal with the city, and Rockrose began reoccupying the property with residential
tenants.

The union contends the developer continued to receive subsidies under the
residential program that it was not entitled to. It said it has not received any
communication from the city regarding its complaint and has no idea what the
timeline is for finishing the investigation.

"It would be foolish and certainly not in the public interest to give Rockrose
one more cent of public money, including Liberty bond money, until the questions
surrounding 45 Wall Street are thoroughly investigated and publicly resolved by
HPD," said Mike Fishman, president of Local 32BJ.

A Rockrose spokeswoman did not return calls seeking comment.

Copyright 2003 Thomson Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.thomsonmedia.com http://www.bondbuyer.com

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 688 words

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2003 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             340 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                Daily News (NY)

                          February 26, 2005, Saturday

City's tax cheat hall of shame

LENGTH: 1467 words



Meet landlord Yaakov Goldfeder, king of the city's property tax deadbeats with a
$ 7.3 million tab. He is a hard man to track down. He has no listed phone
number, his work address is a post office box and the managing agent registered
with the city for his Brooklyn tenement has been dead for four years.

Goldfeder's six-story apartment building in Flatbush is so dilapidated, the city
can expect more costs than benefits if it seizes the property to offset the
mounting tax bill.

He tops a list of shame of hundreds of tax deadbeats who deprive the city of
hundreds of millions of dollars while the rest of us struggle to pay our dues.

Six hundred fifty-nine building owners owe New York City some $ 327 million
altogether in unpaid property tax, interest or repair costs.

He heads a disgraced top 10 that includes:

2. Horace Bullard, whose Coney Island Amusements Inc. owes $ 6.7 million in
taxes, interest and penalties on a vacant 4-acre tract adjacent to Coney Island
Amusement Park.

3. Andonis Morfesis of Five Pack LLC and Dream Realty Inc. He owes $ 4.4
million, including $ 2.2 million in taxes, interest, penalties and emergency
maintenance for a 22-unit, six-story apartment building on Broadway just south
of 125th St. in Harlem and $ 2 million for a 36-unit, six-story apartment
building at 21 Fort Washington Ave. in Washington Heights.

4. Dr. Josephine English, 1058 Bushwick Ave. Corp., who owes $ 4.3 million in
taxes, interest and penalties on a 54-unit, six-story apartment building at
Bushwick Ave. and Linden St. in Brooklyn where English's son lives.

5. Abdur Rahman Farrakhan of Noble Drew Ali Plaza Housing Corp., who owes the
city $ 3.8 million in taxes, interest, penalties and emergency maintenance for a
385-unit apartment complex at 230-240 Lott Ave. in Brownsville, Brooklyn, that
brings Farrakhan millions in federal subsidies and city homeless shelter rents.

Using computer records, with help from the city Department of Finance, the Daily
News catalogued the city's 10 biggest debtors and the buildings they own.
Deadbeats identified by The News range from shadowy slumlords to community
activists to established real estate investors.

Those owners set up partnerships or corporations for each building, shielding
them personally from tax bills. Often, they milk the buildings and tenants for
rent, scrimp on maintenance and ignore tax notices with impunity.

When debts surpass the building's value, they can declare bankruptcy, delaying
for years any property foreclosure by the city.

"We want to put tax-delinquent owners on notice that if you don't pay, you're
going to lose your building," said Shaun Donovan, the city's commissioner of
Housing Preservation and Development.

Several landlords and their attorneys argued that their rent sometimes will not
cover taxes. Tenants, they said, often create slums by damaging their
apartments.

Goldfeder's astounding debt is owed on a 71-unit building at 265 Hawthorne St.
in Brooklyn. Apartments there are plagued by leaks, cracked plaster, broken
doors and vermin, according to HPD inspection records.

City officials have classified Goldfeder's building as "distressed," a euphemism
for a beyond-hope slum on a waiting list for the city to seize the structure and
appoint a third-party developer to rehab it.

"We systematically redevelop tax-delinquent buildings and convey them to
responsible new owners," Donovan said. "These rehabbed buildings are now
providing much-needed safe, decent and affordable housing to New Yorkers."

But HPD must continually confront deadbeats trying to hide.

Ari Weiss, listed as an officer of Goldfeder's corporation, 265 Realty
Associates, at first claimed he did not know Goldfeder and had "nothing to do
with the building."

"Maybe I had something to do with the building 20 years ago," Weiss then said.
"Okay, maybe I do know Goldfeder," he added. "I don't want to lie to you."

Goldfeder's attorneys declined to return phone calls.

The city's second-biggest debtor is a completely different story. Developer
Horace Bullard owes New Yorkers $ 6.7 million in back taxes and interest on a
4-acre vacant tract beside Coney Island Amusement Park.

The lot was once the site of the rusting Thunderbolt roller coaster,
immortalized in Woody Allen's "Annie Hall," until the city abruptly demolished
the rickety contraption in 2000 to clear the skyline beside its new KeySpan
Stadium for minor-league baseball.

Bullard was horrified. He sued and won, but was not awarded any monetary
damages. He withheld taxes. As the city moved to seize the tract last year, he
declared bankruptcy. In court, he claims a $ 16.5 million contract to sell the
land eventually will cover the city tax bill.

Bullard declined to comment.

Other tax deadbeats have an ax to grind with the city.

Dr. Josephine English, 84, a retired obstetrician, owns a 54-unit apartment
building on Bushwick Ave. in Brooklyn that owes $ 4.3 million in taxes,
penalties and 18 percent interest compounding daily.

That crushing interest debt began to mount when the city sold a tax lien on her
unpaid bill -- the city's latest tool to enforce tax collections.

English, a longtime real estate investor in Brooklyn's black communities, turned
to bankruptcy court to buy time. "I put a fortune into that building," she said.
She doesn't want the city to seize it.

"They'd give it to their friends, and most of their friends are Jewish," English
said. "Rows and rows of houses are going to whites, and blacks are being put
out. New York is only going to be for the rich people."

English's bankruptcy lawyer, Charles Simpson, said the doctor hopes to obtain a
mortgage to settle her taxes. "She has a good heart," Simpson said. "One could
say she's a lousy businessman."

Landlord Bert Brown, who owns a six-story, 39-unit building in Williamsburg, was
a man of few words when asked by The News why he has not paid $ 3.1 million in
taxes due on his building.

"Maybe you'd like to make me a loan," Brown said. "Otherwise, I'm not in the
mood to talk, I don't have the time, goodbye."

Brown's building has a history of mice, roaches and other vermin, broken floors,
leaky faucets, defective plaster and other housing code violations, according to
city inspection records.

The city has targeted the dwelling for redevelopment. For now, Brown is
collecting rents.

A vacant lot and seven buildings on the west side of Ninth Ave. between 37th and
38th Sts. have languished in bankruptcy court nine years as the tax debt grew to
$ 2.9 million.

"I've been fighting the tax bill since 1981," said Martin Fine, the original
owner, now a part owner, who acknowledged legal costs for his battle have cost
him more than the tax he originally owed.

"He truly believes he's being screwed, and that's why he's fighting it," said
Fine's attorney, Howard Karasik.

"The assessed value of the buildings was higher than the gross income from all
the rents," Fine said.

Jay Rand's family lives in splendor -- a gorgeous, bright, nine-room upper West
Side apartment with a double living room, beautifully polished floors and a
maid.

Meanwhile, tenants at his six-story walkup in the Bronx live in squalor. Rand is
the principal of Trucking Stratford Inc., which owns the building and owes the
city $ 2.9 million in property taxes.

Mold, mildew, broken locks, broken windows, leaks, broken and defective plaster,
broken gas ranges, roaches and broken faucets are among the many code
violations. Retired housing cop Clarence Johnson, 78, pays $ 508 a month for a
dark, leaking, second-floor unit.

"I've been asking for a radiator in the bedroom for years and he won't put one
in," Johnson said. "The other radiator in the apartment provides no heat."

Rand declined to comment. "The real story is the prior owner, not him," said his
lawyer, Schuyler Carroll. "We don't believe we owe the taxes, and we will
hopefully resolve this."

Other deadbeats identified by The News have vanished or become impossible to
reach.

Luis Canela headed a business called Grupo Management Inc., which walked away
from a 25-unit apartment in Washington Heights that today owes the city $ 2.1
million. Tenants were left to gather up cash each month to pay Con Ed for
lights.

"The building was shot," said Victor Morisete-Romero, appointed by housing court
to manage the building. "There were rats, no heat or hot water, and the roof was
leaking."

"I have no idea where the owners are," Morisete-Romero said. "They never show up
in court. They never claim anything."


By Bob Port and William Sherman


-----

To see more of the Daily News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.NYDailyNews.com.


LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: NY-TAXES-OWED-20050226

JOURNAL-CODE: NY

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                         Copyright 2005 Daily News (NY)


                             341 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                           October 30, 2013 Wednesday

Cuomo: Governments Cooperate Post-Sandy

BYLINE: Paul Burton

SECTION: REGIONAL NEWS Vol. 122 No. 209

LENGTH: 398  words


Collaboration in the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy should serve as a model for
government at all levels, Gov. Andrew Cuomo said on the one-year anniversary of
the killer storm.

"To get that many governments to get bureaucracy moving to do more is amazing;
there has been remarkable progress in the last year," Cuomo said at an Oct. 29
press conference at the National Museum of the American Indian in lower
Manhattan.

"We said to the communities, tell us what you think we'll need and we'll fund,
we'll empower that community," he said. "Our approach was to ask rather than
tell and let [cities and towns] come up with their own vision for
revitalization."

Joining Cuomo were U.S. Housing and Urban Development Secretary Shaun Donovan,
Metropolitan Transportation Authority chairman Thomas Prendergast and Port
Authority of New York and New Jersey executive director Patrick Foye.

They and others toured the MTA's South Ferry station, the World Trade Center
complex and LaGuardia Airport, all of which the storm hit badly.

"No part of our region was hit harder than our transportation structure," said
Donovan, a Brooklyn native and former commissioner of the New York City
Department of Housing Preservation and Development.

Donovan cited the importance of Community Development Block Grant funding and
the need for regional coordination. He referenced gasoline supply and
comprehensive plans for fortifying the Hugh Carey-Brooklyn Battery Tunnel. "If
we protect the New York side from water, it's going to flow to New Jersey, so we
have to have a comprehensive plan.

"It seems as though 100-year storms are coming every year now, so we must build
smarter."

According to Prendergast, advance planning helped the MTA preserve its $1
trillion in assets. Its New York City Transit unit alone has assets valued at
$750 million. "We did not lose a single vehicle in our entire fleet, which is a
major accomplishment," he said.

Prendergast said the MTA's overall cost, before reimbursements, was $4,7 billion
for recovery from Sandy, and another $5 billion for hardening. He said restoring
service after 90 days cost $206 million, $187 million of which was covered by
the Federal Transit Administration and the Federal Emergency Management Agency.

Foye estimated Port Authority losses at $2.2 billion, excluding resiliency. He
said 82% of Port Authority assets were damaged, including electrical components.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BONDBUYER_BB


                        Copyright 2013 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             342 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                          September 16, 2009 Wednesday

NY DEMS GIVE ACORN PIMP-SLAP - CUOMO PROBE & COUNCIL $$ FREEZE IN 'BROTHEL'
AFFAIR

BYLINE: BRENDAN SCOTT in Albany and SALLY GOLDENBERG in NY

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 528 words


State Attorney General Andrew Cuomo yesterday launched an investigation into
pork-barrel grants given to ACORN by state lawmakers, as City Council Speaker
Christine Quinn froze all city funding earmarked for the scandal-scared
community-activism organization.

The actions by the Democratic officials followed release of a shocking
undercover video that showed employees at a Brooklyn ACORN office giving illicit
financial advice to activists posing as a pimp and prostitute who wanted to
start a brothel.

The agency was among several ACORN affiliates, including offices in Baltimore,
Washington and San Bernardino, Calif., exposed in the hidden-camera sting.

On Monday, the US Senate voted overwhelmingly to block federal funding to the
community group, while Brooklyn District Attorney Charles Hynes opened an
investigation into the local office in response to a report in The Post.

A spokesman for Cuomo said the attorney general would seek to make sure
pork-barrel grants directed to ACORN by state lawmakers were spent on
tax-preparation and loan-counseling services, as intended.

"We are now closely monitoring that investigation to preserve the integrity of
state funds," Cuomo spokesman Richard Bamberger said.

"We will be reviewing member-item contracts involving ACORN in light of the
district attorney's investigation."

A source told The Post that Cuomo is considering freezing any funds set aside
for ACORN until after Hynes completes his investigation.

A spokesman for state Comptroller Thomas DiNapoli said the state's financial
watchdogs would also flag future payments to ACORN for extra scrutiny.

Meanwhile, Quinn went a step further, suspending all ACORN grants sponsored by
City Council members until Hynes concludes his investigation, according to one
city lawmaker Quinn told about the move.

"There was some money in the Department of Housing Preservation and Development
for housing related to ACORN and what they're going to do is basically suspend
the money until the investigation is complete," the council member said.

Quinn's spokeswoman, Maria Alvarado, declined to comment, although another city
source confirmed the ACORN freeze.

"We are confident that any review will find that every dollar we've received
from the city and the state went directly to combating New York's foreclosure
crisis and helping tens of thousands of low-income New Yorkers receive their
earned income tax credit," said ACORN spokesman Jonathan Rosen.

The group and its affiliates have received at least $1.5 million in city and
state legislative grants in the last four years, according to a Post review of
grant records.

Council budgets from fiscal years 2010, 2009 and 2008 show members showered
ACORN and its affiliates with at least $644,500.

ACORN and the tax-exempt affiliate featured in the video, New York ACORN Housing
Company, have received at least $890,000 in pork from state lawmakers in the
last four years

The ACORN crackdown by state and city Democrats came after state Senate Minority
Leader Dean Skelos (R-LI) called for a freeze all state funding to the agency
and its web of affiliates.

Additional reporting by Fredric U. Dicker

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             343 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 4, 2004 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Housing Subsidies for the Poor Threatened by Cuts in U.S. Aid

BYLINE: By DAVID W. CHEN

SECTION: Section A; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1443 words


New York City is facing a shortfall of at least $55.5 million in federal housing
subsidies this year because of a recent regulatory change affecting the
government's primary housing program for poor Americans.

The change, retroactive to January, stems from an effort by the Bush
administration to control spiraling housing costs. In the past, the federal
government paid the full cost of the 1.9 million rent vouchers given to poor
tenants nationwide to help them pay for housing under the Section 8 program. But
on April 22, the Department of Housing and Urban Development told housing
agencies that it would pay only the cost of a voucher as of last August, plus an
inflation adjustment.

The change could affect more than 900 of the nation's 2,500 public housing
agencies, particularly those in cities where rent increases outpace inflation,
according to the National Association of Housing and Redevelopment Officials.
New York City housing officials say that historically, the local cost of
providing vouchers has gone up faster than inflation.

The total national shortfall could be hundreds of millions of dollars for the
current fiscal year, according to the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, a
liberal Washington research group. That shortfall, in turn, may force housing
agencies to freeze the number of vouchers, demand more money from tenants or do
something that has never happened in Section 8's three-decade history: evict
tenants from federally subsidized housing because of insufficient funding.

No city has more at stake in the ruling than New York, which issues more than
118,000 rent vouchers a year, far more than any other city. While city officials
are cautiously optimistic that they can work with HUD to avoid any evictions,
they acknowledge that several thousand tenants with vouchers appear to be in a
far more precarious position today than they were a few weeks ago.

To underscore their concern, the city's commissioner of Housing Preservation and
Development, Shaun Donovan, and other top housing officials lobbied HUD
officials in Washington last week. Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton wrote a letter
on Friday to Alphonso R. Jackson, the secretary of housing, warning that the new
formula would ''undermine the legitimacy of the Section 8 voucher program'' and
leave many New Yorkers without housing.

''This formula falls well short of the actual cost of vouchers in 2004 for many
housing agencies in New York, and will leave our most vulnerable residents
without critical housing assistance at a time when the economy is uncertain at
best,'' wrote Mrs. Clinton, who is a Democrat.

A bipartisan coalition of lawmakers from several other states, as well as the
governors of Massachusetts and Minnesota, both Republicans, have written their
own letters to HUD expressing similar worries.

In response, the agency's assistant secretary for public and Indian housing,
Michael Liu, said in a conference call with reporters last week that the
department was merely complying with Congress's desire in its own 2004
appropriations bill to contain the voucher program, which constitutes more than
half of HUD's total budget.

''The law is the law,'' he said.

Any local housing agency that believes it deserves more money has until July 15
to make its case, Mr. Liu said. In a subsequent interview, he said that HUD
would work hard to help. ''There will be dollars available to deal with needed
adjustments in individual housing authorities,'' he said.

Mr. Liu also suggested that some doomsday predictions were exaggerated, and
might be the result of inefficient local management. For example, he said that
reported shortfalls in Los Angeles and Boston were largely plugged after HUD
scrutinized the books.

''There are an array of tools, management tools, that housing authorities can
employ to manage their costs,'' he said.

The debate stoked by the rule change illustrates a broader war of ideas over the
Bush administration's determination to revamp the voucher program by employing
market principles and fiscal discipline reminiscent of the welfare overhaul of
the 1990's.

Last year, the administration tried unsuccessfully to turn Section 8 into a
block grant program for state governments, using a complicated formula to
determine aid instead of basing it purely on the number of needy people. The
attempt was turned back by Congress.

Now, with this administrative ruling, HUD has infuriated lawmakers and housing
groups who say the agency's actions could undermine confidence in the program
among tenants, landlords and lenders who finance low-income housing.

''This is a cataclysmic failure of the federal government to keep the public
trust,'' Sheila Crowley, president of the National Low Income Housing Coalition,
an advocacy group, said last week in a statement that also announced a rally
outside HUD's headquarters in Washington.

Section 8 has long been popular with elected officials, private landlords and
financial institutions because it steered the government away from public
housing developments and toward the private marketplace. The program enables
poor, disabled or elderly tenants to receive vouchers from a local housing
agency and redeem them with any private landlord who is amenable. Tenants pay 30
percent of their income in rent, while the vouchers pay the rest, up to a limit
set by the federal government, depending on the local market.

The New York City Housing Authority provides 90,000 vouchers, or about
three-quarters of the total in the city. About 83 percent of the authority's
voucher recipients have incomes of less than $16,320. The median contribution
from tenants with vouchers from the authority is $216 per month; the median
payment to landlords is $670. Other vouchers are issued by the city's Department
of Housing Preservation and Development and the New York State Division of
Housing and Community Renewal.

In the last three years, the Section 8 budget nationwide has ballooned by 27
percent, said Representative James T. Walsh, a Republican of Syracuse, who is
chairman of the House subcommittee that controls spending on housing. The
situation has been most acute in places where the real estate market has been
tight.

At the same time, Mr. Liu said, too many housing authorities have become so
accustomed to HUD's carte blanche approval of Section 8 costs that they have not
performed with maximum efficiency. If the current system continues, he said, HUD
will face a $191 million deficit.

Mr. Liu acknowledged that some agencies would find the budget limits a
''challenge.'' But he expressed confidence that local authorities would soon
adjust, because ''those who have worked with the program for years are used to
change.''

Representative Walsh agreed. ''I think we have treated Section 8 very well,'' he
said. ''They got a 14 percent increase in '04. Given the federal budget, I can't
think of anyone else who's gotten that kind of an increase.''

But others, while agreeing with the need to cap costs, have criticized the
agency methods. Chief among them are Governors Mitt Romney of Massachusetts and
Tim Pawlenty of Minnesota, two first-term Republicans.

''Unless the federal government remains a strong partner, our mutual goal to end
long-term homelessness and satisfy other critical housing needs will be at
risk,'' Governor Pawlenty wrote in a letter on Wednesday to HUD, warning that
2,000 families may lose their rental assistance as early as June.

In Fargo, N.D., housing officials are reluctantly asking tenants to contribute
about $30 more per month to their rent, which now averages about $575 a month
for a two-bedroom apartment. Otherwise, officials will have to stop giving
vouchers to 46 of 1,100 families in the program, said Lynn O. Fundingsland,
executive director of the Fargo Housing and Redevelopment Authority.

Last week, Massachusetts housing officials were on the verge of mailing out
termination notices to about 650 tenants because of a gap of $550,000. But state
and federal officials struck a deal to intervene and were working to come up
with a solution.

In New York, meanwhile, city and federal officials have been scrambling to
register their objections and plead their case with HUD. City officials said
they understood the budgetary reasons behind the agency's decision, but they
questioned whether Washington understood the human implications of its decision.

''The thing that's most clear is that the world has changed in Section 8, and I
understand why,'' said Douglas Apple, the city Housing Authority's general
manager. ''But we're hopeful HUD will understand. I don't believe it's HUD's
intention to force people out of housing.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                             344 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

Nonprofit news: SEVCA receives grant for emergency home repairs

BYLINE: Brattleboro Reformer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 698 words


WESTMINSTER &GT;&GT; Southeast Vermon Community Action was on of seven
non-profit organizations to receive grants from the USDA to preserve affordable
rural housing. SEVCA received $26,021 of the $314,084 in grant funding to assist
58 homeowners preserve their homes.

"Families are safer when their homes are weatherized, seniors with disabilities
are safer when their homes are accessible, and our rural housing stock is safer
when multi-family properties are well maintained," said Ted Brady, USDA Rural
Development Vermont and New Hampshire State Director. "The Housing Preservation
Grant Program allows Rural Development to work hand-in-hand with local housing
organizations to support Vermont and New Hampshire residents preserve and
enhance the safety and quality of their homes."

Other recipients included Southwestern Community Service, $26,021; Tri-County
Community Action, $26,021; Vermont Center for Independent Living, $26,021;
Gilman Housing Trust, $70,000; Northeast Employment and Training Organization,
$70,000; and the Vermont Housing and Conservation Board, $70,000.Friends of
Pisgah receives state grant

CHESTERFIELD, N.H. &GT;&GT; The New Hampshire Department of Resources and
Economic Development awarded $23,700 to the Friends of Pisgah for a major
restoration of the Kilburn Loop Trail along the entire west side of Kilburn Pond
in Pisgah State Park, calling for the building up of the surface of the trail in
some areas, adding culverts, cutting a trail bypass in one section, and
improving the treadway considerably.

AIDS Project, Green Mountain Crossroads, Youth Services receive grants

BRATTLEBORO &GT;&GT; Three local nonprofits received funding from the Samara
Fund, a component fund of the Vermont Community Foundation.

The AIDS Project of Southern Vermont in Brattleboro received $5,000 for HIV/AIDS
prevention and service programs in Windham and Bennington Counties. Green
Mountain Crossroads in Brattleboro received $4,300 to support building a queer
social justice movement in Southern Vermont. And Youth Services in Brattleboro
received $3,000 to create safe spaces for queer youth in Windham County.

Samara Fund announced awards of $69,500 in grants and scholarships to 18
nonprofits and seven high school seniors. This year's grantmaking was made
possible in part by contributions from Vermont Community Foundation fundholders,
as well as dozens of gifts to the Samara Fund from supporters of Vermont's
lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer community.

The projects this year include work to assist transgender individuals in
advocating for their rights, three theater projects focusing on LGBTQ themes and
characters, a program in the Northeast Kingdom that will create a weekly
youth-driven support group in a community setting, and more.

The Samara Fund's vision is to be Vermont's leading source of permanent support
dedicated to nurturing the vitality, success, and well-being of lesbian, gay,
bisexual, and transgender communities through dynamic and sustained
philanthropy.

For more information about the Samara Fund and this year's grants visit
vermontcf.org/samara .Community bike project celebrates move to new location

BELLOWS FALLS &GT;&GT; The Bellows Falls Community Bike Project is celebrating
their recent move to 30 Henry St. On Saturday, Sept. 17, from 1 to 4 p.m.,
visitors can tour the new shop and mingle with volunteers while enjoying
bike-powered smoothie samples, popcorn, watermelon and other treats. There will
be a solar powered electric bicycle to view as well.

The Bike Project is a volunteer run nonprofit, which was founded in 2013 with a
mission to provide community access to bicycles and bike repair skills,
encouraging safe bicycling as a means of affordable transportation, self
sufficiency and overall wellness. Since opening, it has refurbished and sold
nearly 300 bikes to the community.

Many youth and adults have been volunteering and learning repair skills through
earn-a-bike and other programs.

The Bike Project is also working with the village of Bellows Falls to increase
awareness of bicycles on the roads and to make the streets safer for everyone.
For more information, contact Bonnie Anderson at info@bfbike.org

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             345 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 March 22, 1993

Espy Seeks Better FmHA Administration

SECTION: FARM AND RURAL MORTGAGES; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 210 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy told a congressional panel recently that he
hopes to improve management of Farmers Home Administration loan programs and
reduce losses.

The USDA operates single-family housing loan programs, a housing preservation
grant program and a multifamily rental housing program with rental assistance.

Since the 1960s, the Farmers Home Administration has made more than two million
single-family home loans for more than $ 46 million.

"The effort to provide decent housing for all rural Americans was severely
disrupted by the slack economy of recent years.

"As a result, demand was building up rather than being ameliorated," Secretary
Espy said.

The rural home loan guarantee program, now in its second year of nationwide
operation, has proven to be an effective public-private partnership, he added.

The cost to the government is only about 10% of the cost of making direct loans
on a per-loan basis, he said.

"In some states, we were finding some lenders can reach a number of low-income
borrowers through the guaranteed program," Secretary Espy said.

Last year, Congress extended eligibility for the program to home buyers with
incomes up to 115% of the area median.  Previously, eligibility had been capped
at 100%.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             346 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 13, 1983, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

REHABILITATION INCENTIVE IS AT A LEGISLATIVE CROSSROADS

BYLINE: By ALAN S. OSER

SECTION: Section 8; Page 7, Column 1; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 1207 words


ON a pleasant residential street called Carlton Avenue in the Fort Greene
section of Brooklyn stands an e mpty four-story Italianate brownstone that the
owner wants to sell.  The owner is a 28-year-old Columbia graduate with a
master's degreei n anthropology. He does not want his name disclosed or his
property i dentified out of concern that this would complicate his sales e
ffort.

The property is a former rooming house in squalid condition. The owner bought it
vacant a year ago, intending to rehabilitate it as three apartments, one for
himself.

But last June Mayor Koch said he would press for legislation to eliminate former
rooming houses from eligibility for the city's J-51 tax benefit, retroactive to
July 1, 1982. Small owners cannot take the risk of pouring new money into a
project that may be economically unfeasible upon completion.

''As I see it now,'' the owner said, ''I've got to sell or take a real big risk
in renovating.'' Even with the J-51 benefits, rents after rehabilitation are
estimated at $600 a month for two floorthroughs and $900 for the duplex. At much
higher rents without the benefits, the apartments might not be rentable.

The building is typical of 19th-century private houses in Brooklyn that were
converted into rooming houses 30 or 40 years ago. Many have been been remade
into decent housing with the help of J-51. But now legislators from Manhattan's
West Side contend that the program has encouraged the displacement of
lower-income renters and that no tax benefits should be given to ''luxury''
housing.

The program's future is now in the hands of the State Legislature; one draft of
proposed restrictive legislation was prepared in the Assembly, and another is
reported in preparation in Governor Cuomo's office.

The J-51 program has been extensively used citywide in both conversions and
rehabilitations of occupied rental buildings. The prospect that the program may
not be extended has been drying up loans for this rehabilitation work and
entrepreneurial interest in pursuing it. Projects are not eligible for tax
abatements or exemptions until they are finished, but it takes the certainty
that they will be there upon completion to cause a lender to grant a
rehabilitation loan.

Since direct Federal subsidies have been cut back sharply and interest rates are
still high, J-51 is the only mechanism by which government currently encourages
new investment in existing multifamily housing.

Few legislators say they want to lose the J-51 program. Those who are described
as opposing it contend that they merely want to exclude benefits from those
buildings or locations that are attracting high-income people. The question is
whether this can be done without wider, unwanted effects. In conversion work,
for example, cooperatives and condominiums at a wide range of prices have been
made feasible in Brooklyn, Staten Island and Queens by the J-51 benefit. It has
made the resulting housing affordable for buyers in a larger range of income.

But the legislative drafts that have come to the attention of housing
specialists so far have left them gloomy about the prospects for housing
rehabilitation under any of the ''reforms'' suggested so far.

There are two parts to the J-51 program: an exemption, for 12 years, on the tax
increase that would otherwise result from the improvements to the building, and
an abatement of the taxes based on the original assessment. The abatement each
year is limited to 8 1/3 percent of the so-called ''certified reasonable cost''
of the work.

By various techniques the Koch administration has already cut back sharply on
the use of the J-51 benefit in Manhattan. Among other things, it has limited the
amount of certifiable reasonable cost eligible for the abatement in Manhattan.
The limits are $17,000 on a studio apartment, $19,700 on a one-bedroom and
$21,000 on a twobedroom, far below the actual cost of a conversion.

The per-unit cap on the abatement and other restrictions in Manhattan's stronger
market areas have apparently worked well.  Figures of the Department of Housing
Preservation and Development show that the use of the abatement in Manhattan, in
dollar terms, has dropped to a third of the citywide total from 75 percent since
the current restrictions went into effect.

But now the critics have turned their fire on the exemption portion of J-51. The
exemption amount will always loom large in Manhattan because of the high cost of
development in large vacant buildings.

The exemption might be denied, for example, to all projects whose assessed
valuation after the work is completed exceeds a certain dollar amount per
apartment - say, $50,000 - and the Department of Housing Preservation and
Development could be left with the power to make exceptions. But if lenders
cannot be certain in advance that a project will qualify, they are not likely to
make loans predicated upon tax benefits. And if owners must seek case-by-case
approval from the city for the benefits, entrepreneurial activity will almost
surely wind down.
ANOTHER approach that has been suggested is to restrict exemption b enefits in
areas where land assessments exceed a certain dollar a mount per square foot.
Still another is to guarantee the full e xemption for, say, six years, but then
phase it out for buildings a ssessed above a certain figure per square foot.

If the amount of the tax exemption for which a project is eligible is unclear in
advance of construction, the result will be more restrictive loan terms,
according to Michael Lappin, president of the New York City Community
Preservation Corporation, a lender to moderate rehabilitation projects.

Changes in the J-51 program are being sought in part on the ground that it
encourages developers to harass lower-income tenants in locations with strong
housing markets. But a bill passed by the City Council last July already
provides for criminal penalties of up to $10,000 or a year in jail, or both, for
each act of harassment.

''Harassment is a crime,'' writes Julia Vitullo-Martin, executive director of
the Citizens Housing and Planning Council, in an analysis of the J-51 program,
''but J-51 is not a judicial proceeding and therefore is not the appropriate
arena for dealing with incidents of harassment.'' Her article is one of several
on property tax issues in the February-April edition of City Almanac, published
by the New School for Social Research.

What legislative change could do, unless it is meticulously drafted, is to
sharply restrict entrepreneurial rehabilitation activity. And even if J-51 is
extended, it is not clear that the city will bend on allowing its use in the
former rooming houses.  That has caused concern in Brooklyn.

Howard Weiss, chairman of the Pratt Area Community Council in the Fort Greene
and Clinton Hill areas of Brooklyn, noted that the council had spent a
substantial sum to seal and preserve abandoned buildings that it hopes will be
rehabilitated with the help of J-51 benefits.

Tax benefits should not become an incentive to ''displace people for the sake of
profit,'' he said. But if a building is empty and there has been no displacement
of tenants, he said, it would be inappropriate to withhold tax benefits to
improve it.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             347 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             September 20, 1980, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

$9 MILLION WITHHELD FROM NEW YORK CITY FOR WINTER INSULATION

SECTION: Section 2; Page 23, Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 286 words


Mayor Koch responded angrily yesterday to a Federal decision to deny New York
City $9 million to insulate apartments and homes against the winter cold. The
money was withheld largely on the ground that the city would not be able to
spend it by the end of the year.

In a letter to Joseph P. Flynn, director of the Federal Office of Weatherization
Assistance, the Mayor called the rejection of Federal aid ''totally without
basis.'' He said that while New York State as a whole might have had a record of
slow performance, the city did not.

At issue are two grants: one for $6 million to the City Housing Authority to
insulate the St. Nicholas housing project in Harlem and the Edenwald and High
Bridge projects in the Bronx, and the other for $3 million for the Department of
Housing Preservation and Development, to help insulate privately owned homes and
apartments.

To bolster his case, the Mayor cited the two agencies' work on other insulation
projects, such as the Cyprus Hill and Brownsville housing projects in Brooklyn.
He said the city had gone out of its way to make sure that it would be able to
use the additional money it was seeking before the Dec. 31 deadline.

''As recently as Monday, we expected confirmation of the award,'' Mr. Koch
wrote, adding that ''we know of nothing that raises any doubts'' that the city
is capable of using them.

Mr. Flynn said the $9 million was being distributed to other states because New
York officials could not convince Washington that they could spend it before the
end of the year, and because his department wanted to expand existing programs
rather than start new ones. An aide to Mr. Flynn said that additional money
would be available early next year.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                             348 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              November 26, 1985, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

STUDY SET ON RENT DISCLOSURE

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 392 words


The city's Rent Guidelines Board voted yesterday to study the feasibility of
requiring landlords who seek rent increases to open their financial records.

The board now grants increases each year largely on the basis of a price index
of landlords' operating costs, which takes into account such factors as labor,
taxes, insurance and fuel.

Tenant groups have contended for years that the index does not provide an
accurate picture of landlords' finances. They have argued that landlords should
be made to disclose their financial records so the board can determine the
profit they are making.

With its 9-to-0 vote yesterday, the board directed its staff to consult with the
State Division of Housing and Community Renewal and the city's Department of
Housing Preservation and Development to determine how such an examination of the
records of a sampling of landlords would be made.

Issues to Be Studied

The staff report is to say who would conduct the examination and what it would
cost; whether landlords, through the subpoena power of the state housing
division, could be compelled to open their books against their wishes, and
whether the division would cooperate.

The board asked for the report by Jan. 31. Rent increases for more than 900,000
rent-controlled and rent-stabilized apartments in the city are voted on each
year at the end of June.

Board members stressed yesterday that the vote to undertake the study by no
means guaranteed that the board would require landlords to disclose their
records.

But it was widely praised by tenant groups as an important step. Earlier this
year, when the state's rent guidelines came up for renewal, tenants pressured
the State Legislature to require landlords to open their books. The effort
failed in the Senate.

''We are confident that a review of the records will find that there is a very
high level of profitability in running an apartment house in New York and that
this should result in much lower, if not zero, increases,'' said Wiliam P.
Rowen, the chairman of the New York State Tenant and Neighborhood Coaltion, the
largest tenant group in the state.

But John J. Gilbert 3d, the president of the Rent Stabilization Association, a
landlord group, said requiring landlords to open their books ''will only drive
away what's left of the private sector in the housing business.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             349 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           October 14, 2009 Wednesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

HOUSING HEADACHE HONCHO NO-SHOW SOURS MEETING ON PROJECTS

BYLINE: BY MYLES MILLER DAILY NEWS WRITER

SECTION: SUBURBAN; Pg. 40

LENGTH: 440 words


THEY DIDN'T shoot the messenger, but they did bury her - with complaints.

Charging that their concerns are largely being ignored by the Housing Authority,
some 50 frustrated community activists and public housing tenants gathered at a
town hall meeting last weekend expecting a face-to-face with the head man at the
federal Department of Housing and Urban Development.

The group included tenants from the Jefferson, Lincoln, Grant and Drew Hamilton
houses. They convened in the basement of the Harlem Day Charter School under the
impression that they'd be meeting directly with Shaun Donovan, federal secretary
of Housing and Urban Development.

They had hoped Donovan - a former commissioner of the city's Department of
Housing Preservation and Development - would lend a sympathetic ear to their
complaints about deteriorating living conditions in a variety of Harlem housing
projects.

But a "last minute" cancellation resulted in HUD Deputy Assistant Secretary for
Field Operations Deborah Hernandez showing up instead, to chants and placards
demanding: "Where is Shaun Donovan?"

For nearly two hours, Hernandez fielded a variety of complaints on such topics
as the Housing Authority's policy prohibiting former felons from living in
public housing, to the establishment of a moratorium to stop the demolition of
public housing, to more specific concerns like broken elevators.

Debbie Bacote, 52, a wheelchair-bound tenant in the Drew Hamilton Houses , said
there are days when she can't leave her apartment because "the elevator is
constantly broken.

"The front doors need lockin'," Bacote added, "and we need [security] cameras."

Another Hamilton Houses resident, John Welch, 37, complained that the walls in
his apartment need plastering and painting, and said he would have liked to
spoken directly to Donovan.

"The residents' concerns are falling on deaf ears," Welch said. "When [Donovan]
doesn't show up, they send the local people, and they don't know what's going
on."

At times, members of the audience grew frustrated when Hernandez said it was
"the first time I'm hearing these concerns," or indicated their problems were
probably better handled by "the local authority."

She encouraged the disgruntled crowd to take their complaints to the "local
NYCHA and HUD office," and if that doesn't work, then take them "to Washington."

Monique George of the grassroots group Community Voices Heard said the meeting
was "a chance for public housing residents to have a conversation with HUD,
which is something they don't ever do," but said she was disappointed the agency
didn't send someone who could provide more "concrete answers" to local issues.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: HUD official Deborah Hernandez fields questions at Harlem Day Charter
School during tense meeting on public housing conditions. Photo by Aaron
Showalter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Daily News, L.P.


                             350 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 4, 2014 Thursday

Manchin Announces More Than $60,000 to Revitalize Rural Communities in Fayette
County

LENGTH: 226  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Joe Manchin, U.S Government has issued the following news
release:

U.S. Senator Joe Manchin announced today that Southern Appalachian Labor School
(SALS) in Kincaid, West Virginia will receive $60,337.51 through the United
States Department of Agriculture (USDA) Housing Preservation Grant (HPG)
program. The funds will be used to redevelop and revitalize rural areas of
Fayette County by rehabilitating the homes of families in need to safe and
energy efficient standards.

"These investments in our rural communities will provide much needed assistance
to families who truly need them," Senator Manchin said. "This funding will help
improve the quality of life for residents of Fayette County and it will help
attract residents and businesses to the region. I truly appreciate the
dedication of the people at Southern Appalachian Labor School, who work
tirelessly for the betterment of their community. I know they will put these
funds to good use."

The HPG program provides assistance to low-income homeowners in rural
communities to repair and rehabilitate their homes. Assistance also may be
provided to rental property owners as long as they agree to make their
rehabilitated units available to low-income families.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             351 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 5, 2013 Thursday

Notice of Funds Availability for Section 514 Farm Labor Housing Loans and
Section 516; Farm Labor Housing Grants for Off-farm Housing for Fiscal Year (FY)
2013

LENGTH: 277  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Federal Register has issued the following notice:


Action

Notice; Correction.
Summary

The Rural Housing Service is correcting a notice published on August 14, 2013,
(78 FR 49460-49467). This action is taken to correct two "submission deadline"
dates.

Table of Contents Back to Top

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
    SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
    Correction

FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Back to Top

Mirna Reyes-Bible, Finance and Loan Analyst, Multi-Family Housing Preservation
and Direct Loan Division, STOP 0781 (Room 1263-S), USDA Rural Development, 1400
Independence Avenue SW., Washington, DC 20250-0781, telephone: (202) 720-1753
(this is not a toll free number.), or via email: Mirna.ReyesBible@wdc.usda.gov
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: Back to Top

Correction Back to Top

Accordingly, the Notice published August 14, 2013, (78 FR 49460-49467), is
corrected as follows: On page 49461, the third column, under the heading "A.
Pre-Application Submission", the sixth sentence is amended to read:

No pre-application will be accepted after 5 p.m., local time to the appropriate
Rural Development State offices on September 13, 2013 unless date and time are
extended by another Notice published in the Federal Register.

On page 49462, the second column, under the heading "3. Hard Copy Submission to
the Rural Development State Office.", the third sentence is amended to read:

Hard copy pre-applications must be received by the submission deadline and no
later than 5 p.m., local time, September 13, 2013.

Dated: August 23, 2013.

Richard A. Davis,

Acting Administrator, Rural Housing Service.

For more information please visit: https://www.federalregister.gov/

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             352 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                               November 12, 1990

Maine Triples Funds For Repairs on Homes

SECTION: AFFORDABLE HOUSING; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 95 words

DATELINE: AUGUSTA, Me


The Maine State Housing Authority has tripled funding to $ 1.5 million for its
program to help very-low-income homeowners make repairs to their houses or
replace them if necessary.

Dwight A. Sewell, MSHA director, said the agency will spend $ 1.5 million this
year for its Housing Preservation Loan Program to assist 250 to 300 homeowners.

The MSHA offers a four percent improvement loan to owners with incomes of $
16,000 or less.

MSHA will distribute the $ 1.5 million as grants to eligible non-profit
corporations and Community Action Program agencies.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1990 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             353 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Eureka Times Standard

                           September 27, 2005 Tuesday

Special council meeting set

BYLINE: Kimberly Wear

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 267 words

DATELINE: ARCATA


The City Council is holding a special meeting Wednesday after time constraints
prevented three items from being heard last week, including a public hearing on
a housing development, a request to endorse freight rail and discussions on
adopting a sister city damaged by Hurricane Katrina.

The 6 p.m. meeting will take place in the Council Chambers at City Hall, 736 F
Street.

A smaller Courtyards at Arcata project will be under consideration after the
public hearing. The two-phased proposal calls for 18 single-family homes --
including eight grant-funded affordable homes and seven unfinished,
reduced-price homes -- to be built along with 36 units of affordable rental
housing and the preservation of a historic house, garage and driveway located on
the property.

Originally, 94 units were proposed for the site on Boyd Road off of Giuntoli
Lane.

The council will also consider whether to endorse a nonprofit group's "Statement
of Principles" that supports freight rail. Local GO21 representatives, Kaye
Strickland and Pete Oringer, are asking the council to support the principals,
which center on promoting the increased use of freight rail.

In other business, Councilwoman Harmony Groves is bringing forward a discussion
about adopting a Gulf Coast town devastated by the recent hurricane to provide
help as the residents rebuild.

"It's in the preliminary stages," Groves said of the idea. "But, it's building."

Arcata is Sister Cities with Camoapa, Nicaragua.

Kimberly Wear covers the cities of Eureka and Arcata. She can be reached at
441-0512 or kwear@times-standard.com

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                             354 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 25, 1992, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

POSTINGS: 123 Apartments for the Needy;
A New Life for Gouverneur

SECTION: Section 10; Page 1; Column 1; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 240 words


For nearly 20 years, the eerie-looking shell of the former Gouverneur Hospital,
between Water Street and Franklin D. Roosevelt Drive on the Lower East Side,
stood empty as one plan after another to redevelop it fell apart.

But on Tuesday a ceremonial groundbreaking will signal the start of work to
transform the 91-year old building into 123 apartments for people with special
needs. The project is being developed by Community Access, a nonprofit
organization that provides housing and support for the mentally disabled.

Steven R. Coe, president of Community Access, said 75 units would be for
homeless people recovering from alcohol, drug abuse or mental problems or those
infected with the HIV virus and 48 for the working poor.

The $9.3 million for renovation is coming from loans, equity funding and grants
from the New York City Department of Housing Preservation and Development, the
Corporation for Supportive Housing and the National Equity Fund, as well as
private contributions.

Community Access took title in July 1991 after the city negotiated the purchase
from the Resolution Trust Corporation. The new efficiency apartments in
Gouverneur Court, as the residence will be called, will be centrally heated and
air-conditioned. The building's entire ground floor will be for recreational and
support services for tenants. Tenants are expected to move in next fall.

Peter Woll of Manhattan is the architect.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Part of building at Water Street that will be rehabilitated as
housing for the homeless.

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                             355 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Reporter (Milwaukee, WI)

                             April 24, 2009 Friday

Wisconsin Housing and Economic Development Authority projects await federal
answers

BYLINE: Dustin Block and Sean Ryan

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 669  words


Dan O'Connell held back his celebration after learning Wisconsin Housing
Preservation Corp. received $2.57 million in state tax credits Thursday.

Getting the credits clears the first hurdle, said the vice president of Astar
Capital Management Inc., which manages WHPC. The second, and significantly
higher, hurdle is finding investors to buy the credits so WHPC can afford to
build two new apartment buildings in Green Bay.

"The investor market is pretty dead," O'Connell said.

The dearth of investors, mixed with confusion over stimulus money for housing
projects, created uncertainty over the usefulness of the 37 tax credits the
Wisconsin Housing and Economic Development Authority awarded Thursday to
developers around the state. The credits are worth $30.7 million and will raise
about $300 million for projects over 10 years, said Kate Venne, WHEDA director
of communications.

Although developers know they have the credits, they are choosing to hold off on
their search for investors until the federal government explains how housing
construction stimulus money can be spent, said Jerome Sullivan, senior vice
president of Great Lakes Capital Fund, Madison.

"It's something which is hanging over the entire industry to some extent because
those are significant resources that are available on paper," he said. "But we
don't know how to use them yet. "

The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act gave WHEDA about $35 million to spend
as loans or grants on construction projects. The act also let WHEDA give its tax
credits back to the U.S. Treasury in return for cash, Venne said.

The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development was supposed to release its
rules for the stimulus grant money weeks ago, but has not done so yet, she said.
The U.S. Treasury also has not said how many tax credits can be exchanged for
money, Venne said.

"We literally don't really know anything yet in terms of how much we could trade
back," she said.

Developers receiving tax credits cannot put together financing deals to pay for
projects until the federal government answers those questions, Sullivan said.
The rules will determine whether developers keep the credits and follow the
traditional method of finding investors to buy them, or instead ask WHEDA to
sell them back to the Treasury, he said.

If developers decide to trade in the credits, they'll also want to know if they
can get grants from the stimulus money to fill budget gaps, Sullivan said.
Developers are not likely to spend money finishing their engineering or designs
until their financing is in place, he said.

"We're all anxious to see the information get loose, and we're kind of chomping
at the bit and we don't want to lose our good construction season," Sullivan
said.

O'Connell said he does not know where the money will come from to cover his
organization's tax credits. The WHDC will apply for stimulus money but is not
relying on it to pay for construction, he said.

"We hope to participate as much as possible, but it won't be the answer to
everything we're doing," O'Connell said.

Other developers expected their projects to find investors.

Dustin Bowie, a developer participating in WHEDA's Mentor-Protégé Program, said
he is looking forward to finding investors for a 66-unit senior housing project
in Menasha. Bowie is working with Fond du Lac-based Commonwealth Development
Corp. LLC, which received a $383,440 WHEDA tax credit.

"This is my first project, so it's really special and really exciting for me,"
Bowie said. "I'm probably foolishly optimistic because I'm so green. But I'm
still optimistic. "

WHEDA has $8 million of tax credits remaining that it plans to award in June to
developers submitting projects, Venne said. The authority received 18
applications, totaling $14.5 million, in the second round.

Developers will have a third opportunity to apply for credits later this summer,
she said, and WHEDA will use that round to redistribute credits from projects
that fall through.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             356 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             August 29, 2010 Sunday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

AT A GLANCE

SECTION: SUBURBAN; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 260 words


MELROSE - A Westchester-based developer has begun construction on three
condominium buildings that will be completed by early 2012.

POKO Partners of Port Chester celebrated the groundbreaking of its $13 million
project that will result in 37 units of affordable housing designed by GF 55
Architects.

The project at 1434-1438 Morris Ave. is being financed through a variety of
programs and grants, including a loan from the city Department of Housing
Preservation Development.

EAST BRONX- The Health Department will spray pesticide from trucks in parts of
Clason Point, Schuylerville and Throgs Neck on Tuesday and Wednesday, officials
said.

The city recommends that residents stay indoors during the spraying, which will
take place between 8 p.m. and 6 a.m.

The pesticides are meant to reduce the mosquito population and risk of West Nile
virus. In case of bad weather, spraying will be delayed until Wednesday and
early Thursday morning.

CROTONA - Catch a free fitness class tomorrow at the Crotona Tennis House.

A certified professional trainer will lead classes in light aerobics,
stretching, basic fitness principles and education about eating and living
healthy.

The class runs from 5:30 p.m. to 9:30 p.m. For more information, visit
www.nycgovparks.org/

events/2010/08/11/

free-fitness-classes.

RIVERDALE - Bronx Toastmasters Club invites new members to join its meeting at
7:30 p.m. at Riverdale Neighborhood House, 5521 Mosholu Ave., every second and
fourth Wednesday of the month.

For information, call Tony Desimone at (718) 796-6671 or go to
bronx.freetoasthost.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Daily News, L.P.


                             357 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            December 16, 2005 Friday

-CITY WORKER IN '$CAM' (M) -LAW WORKER IN '$CAM' (S, LCF)

BYLINE: Frankie Edozien

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 113 words


A city Law Department employee who'd received $104,050 in grants to help with
her mortgage tried to scam housing officials by not fully disclosing her income,
officials said yesterday.

Letitia Bowry, 49, a field investigation specialist, bought a Bronx property
through an assistance program of the city's Housing Preservation and Development
department without revealing her full 2003 wages and $35,944 in other housing
subsidies, Department of Investigations Commissioner Rose Gill Hearn charged.

In addition, Bowry was required to live in the building she bought with the
subsidies even if it has rental units. She lived elsewhere and rented it all
out, authorities said.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             358 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                             January 4, 2008 Friday
                                 4STAR Edition

2 blocks: 1 renewed, 1 blighted

BYLINE: By MARK McDONALD; mcdonam@phillynews.com 215-854-2646

SECTION: LOCAL; P-com Spt. NBA; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 415 words


For every block that has experienced NTI, whether demolition and new
construction or housing-preservation loans, there are many more blocks that
remain blighted.

Javier and Saly Rivera live with their two children, Ashley and Javier Jr., on
N. Seventh Street near Berks not far from Temple University.

They were able to buy their beautiful new home through a subsidy program at
Asociacion Puertorriquenos en Marcha (APM), whose community-development arm got
substantial NTI money for demolition and land acquisition, as well as other city
and state subsidies.

Rose Gray, APM vice president for community development, said that without
Neighborhood Transformation Initiative funding, her group would never have been
able to develop the 138 homes that will eventually rise in the neighborhood.

"What we're trying to do is create that old-fashioned, mixed-income
neighborhood," she said. "And we're fortunate to have a very diverse
neighborhood."

After moving in on May 21, the Riveras have turned their home into a showcase
with extensive landscaping and fencing.

"It's a dream come true," said Javier Rivera, who works as a senior supervisor
for Ready, Willing and Able, the nonprofit agency that helps homeless people
enter the job market.

But miles away in West Philadelphia, Pat Bryant, a block captain who has lived
for 25 years on Beaumont Street near 56th, complains about the dozen vacant,
boarded-up homes, some now owned by the city, that drag her street down.

From the back alley you can see the houses sagging in collapse. On the next
street over, Florence Street, the city has taken down four or five homes and
greened the vacant land.

For the last four years, Bryant says she's pressed City Councilwoman Jannie
Blackwell to get funding to rehabilitate the vacant homes. Bryant said tearing
them down just creates more problems.

Asked about Mayor Street's NTI program on her street, Bryant said: "I think it's
a failure. When you tear a house down, the weeds grow up. The city isn't taking
care of the lots and you walk by and you don't know if someone is going to jump
out and rob you."

Though one private developer is doing a total rehab to one vacant home on her
block, Bryant says the city could better spend its money saving the existing
housing stock.

"I just wish they'd do something so that the people who have lived here for
years and owned their homes can get some value out of them if they decide to
sell," she said. "The way things are now, they aren't going to get anything." *

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: Feed Loader

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             359 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            October 20, 2014 Monday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

South Bronx site of new complex

BYLINE: Ben Kochman

SECTION: SUBURBAN; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 131 words


LOW-INCOME renters and formerly homeless residents will share a newly opened
supportive housing complex in Morrisania.

City, state and federal agencies piled up $25 million in tax credits and grants
to open a housing complex on Franklin Ave. between E. 170th and E. 169th Sts.,
to be run by the Manhattan-based Lower East Side Service Center.

The building includes 98 studio apartments, including 71 to be set aside for the
indigent, according to the city Department of Housing Preservation and
Development.

Each apartment is available to those earning less than 50% of the area median
income, calculated at $29,050 per person.

Health services, counseling and substance abuse recovery will also be available
on the site.

The new building also includes 24/7 security, a computer lab and a garden.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NLVL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Daily News, L.P.


                             360 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            February 25, 2011 Friday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

HOW TENANTS CAN ORGANIZE

BYLINE: BY JASON SHEFTELL

SECTION: YOUR HOME; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 368 words


Is your landlord or building owner violating any housing acts? If you think so,
here are tips on what you can do to fight back, legally and efficiently.

1 Build a team. Talk to other tenants who are equally fed up. Gather a list of
leaders inside the building.

2 Do it quietly. Some managers and landlords will attempt to evict tenants who
complain and disrupt any attempt to organize. Set a meeting.

3 Think of a test. Ask landlords to repair something that is a basic living
right, like working bathrooms, leaks or elevators. Check the New York City
Department of Housing Preservation Web site for a list of what landlords must do
to keep up to code. nyc.gov/hpd

4 Approach the building manager. Set a formal meeting with building management
to document the request for repairs. Get all facts together and a list of
demands. Make sure you role play the meeting in advance so that you are
prepared. Give them a strict but fair deadline to complete repairs.

5 Evaluate. Monitor their work. On the day of the deadline, assess the repairs
to determine if the demands have been met. If they have, rejoice and ask for
more. If they haven't, get tougher.

6 Involve potential allies. Contact HPD or the U.S. Department of Housing and
Urban Development in Washington, D.C. Certain regulators inside these
organizations are there to ensure landlords maintain proper building codes and
services.

7 Don't give up. If things appear slow, remember, you've come this far.

8 Decide whether the best course of action is court or letting the city or
federal government help. If the landlord has met requirements but things are
still in disrepair and living conditions below standards, tenants need to decide
if they want to take the landlord to court. Keep holding meetings to hold them
accountable.

9 Let the landlord know you're not going away. Any communication with the
landlord that firmly states you know your rights as tenants could lead to
quicker repairs.

10 Keep the faith. Stay organized, and keep pressing for change. As Melendez
says, "The battle never ends." Solidify a working relationship with the
landlord. Keep requesting things until there's nothing left to request. Then
relax. Have a party. Ask the landlord to pay.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jacqueline Melendez with Grant Lindsay

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LIST; SIDEBAR

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Daily News, L.P.


                             361 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                         TendersInfo - Project Notices

                              July 3, 2012 Tuesday

United States : Project to empower New York City residents as co-designers and
co-producers of housing services

LENGTH: 87  words


Project Amount: $150,000
Project Period: 07/01/12 - 06/30/14
Duration: 24 months
Description: Grant as a recipient of a New York City Cultural Innovation Fund
award, for use by its Design for Social Innovation and Sustainability Lab in
partnership with the Public Policy Lab and New York City Department of Housing
Preservation and Development toward the costs of efforts to empower New York
City residents as co-designers and co-producers of housing services
Geographic Area Served: United States

country :United States
Ltd.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: 811


                          Copyright 2012 Tenders Info
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             362 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           February 23, 2012 Thursday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

Home's fungi business Mold invades house, making family sick

BYLINE: BY VERA CHINESE NEW YORK DAILY NEWS

SECTION: QUEENS NEWS; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 442 words


INKY-BLACK mold spores speckling a Jamaica home have left a Queens family unable
to breath easy.

Patrina Smith, who receives Section 8 rent subsidies, first noticed the toxic
fungi in February 2011, a month after she, her two daughters and granddaughter
moved into the two-family home.

Spores have now overtaken the walls, floors and furniture, making the apartment,
by many accounts, uninhabitable. But Smith cannot move until she gets approval
from the city Housing Authority, which administers the federally subsidized
program.

"I should not have to live like this," Smith said, while showing the
mold-ravaged home to the Daily News. "It's so disgusting."

Meanwhile, the family's health is ailing.

Smith, 48, and daughter Shatima, 27, had never used an asthma inhaler before
moving to the house, but are now dependent on albuterol, Smith said. Her
asthmatic daughter, Latiqua, 17, has been rushed to the emergency room three
times in six months. And she said a doctor told her the mold exacerbates her
3-year-old granddaughter Si-nyai's respiratory problems.

"This apartment is killing me," Smith said.

The family now sleep together in the least-moldy bedroom.

The home, owned by landlord Debra Morgan, has 32 code violations with the city
Department of Housing Preservation and Development. Records show four mold
summonses were issued Feb. 16 - a Class C offense, indicating an immediate
hazard. Landlords have 24 hours to fix the issue, according to an HPD spokesman.

Smith applied for an emergency transfer Dec. 12, but was told she was ineligible
because the landlord said she owed rent and refused to let contractors inside
the home.

Ms. Morgan's attorney, Tammy Scotti, said her client was more than willing to
make the necessary repairs - if Smith would let her contractors into the
building.

"She doesn't want people getting sick," Scotti said.

Smith refuted the charges and provided records of money orders for January and
December and a log of every contractor who visited the home. Mold experts who
inspected the house told her she shouldn't be living there.

Smith, a mental health worker, knows she has to move but said her options are
limited.

"I don't have money for us to stay in a hotel," she said, standing in a room of
Si-nyai's ruined toys.

A Housing Authority spokeswoman said if a tenant is reportedly not paying rent,
they must prove they are and make a request again. The tenant then has to find
their own housing.

Smith said she wants the agency to approve her transfer and wants back what she
paid to Morgan to help recoup the cost of destroyed belongings.

"I want all my money back," she said. "I want to stay healthy."

vchinese@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Patrina Smith in her Jamaica apartment, which has been overrun by mold.
Smith charges her landlord has refused to get rid of the mold while the city has
refused to grant a transfer to an alternate residence. Photo by Joe Marino

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Daily News, L.P.


                             363 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 15, 1985, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

URBAN LEAGUE IS REBOUNDING AFTER CUTS IN GOVERNMENT AID

BYLINE: By CARLYLE C. DOUGLAS

SECTION: Section 1; Part 2, Page 60, Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 666 words


After Harriet R. Michel delivered a rousing speech recently to a crowd
protesting South Africa's racial policies, a labor leader who apparently mistook
her for a political candidate asked, ''What are you running for?''

One answer is that Mrs. Michel, the president of the New York Urban League, is,
like the leaders of many black advocacy groups these days, running as fast as
she can to stay in the same place. There are signs, however, that as she begins
her third year in the job, Mrs. Michel is gaining ground.

She points out that, at a time when reduced government spending on social
programs has forced greater competition among private agencies for financial
support, the New York league last year increased its budget for special programs
by 109 percent, to $2.7 million from about $1.3 million.

However, despite the dramatic gain, the New York league still had almost
$400,000 less for programs than it did in fiscal 1982-83.

A $2 Million Aid Cut

In August 1983, the end of that fiscal year, the league lost about two-thirds of
its $3.1 million in program money when the Federal Comprehensive Employment
Training Act expired. When that act died, so did the New York league's $2
million CETA job training program.

That program has since been replaced by contracts and grants from local
governments and private industry. Chief among these are a clerical training
program, set up with $500,000 in equipment donated by the International Business
Machines Company and $225,000 from the city, and a building trades training
program financed by a $750,000 contract with the City Department of Housing
Preservation and Development.

Along the way, Mrs. Michel has emerged as a smooth practitioner of the politics
of charity.

In search of a ''stronger presence'' in New York's financial community, she
successfully campaigned to have David O. Biem, an executive vice president of
the Bankers Trust Company, elected chairman of the New York league's board of
directors a few months ago. He replaced Dolly Christian, an affirmative-action
manager for I.B.M.

New Offices

And, with the league's 10-year lease on offices at 1500 Broadway, at 43d Street,
due to expire this year and a big rent increase in view, Mrs. Michel tapped the
charitable instincts of the International Ladies Garment Workers Union to
negotiate a rental of union-owned space on West 40th Street at what she said was
a ''very favorable rate.'' The move is scheduled for October.

Before going to the league, she worked in Washington as director of the Labor
Department's Community Youth Employment Program.

Staff members said her tendency to speak her mind sometimes put her at odds with
her superiors. She is, as the previous league president, Horace Morris, put it,
''very much her own person.'' Still, he said, ''It's my observation that things
are going quite well'' under her stewardship.

Mr. Morris is in a position to know. As executive director of the Greater New
York Fund, he heads an agency that provides about $700,000 a year in support for
the league and monitors its operations.

As the largest of the National Urban League's 143 local branches, the New York
league is a sort of microcosm of its parent organization, with which it is often
confused.

Serving 45,000 People

From her offices on Broadway, Mrs. Michel presides over an organization that,
through five borough offices with their own administrators, delivers an
expanding variety of services to more than 45,000 people each year.

These services range from counseling for people seeking jobs or college
scholarships to job training and remedial education. Among the group's newer
programs are those aimed at counseling teen-agers who are or are about to become
parents.

In another program, begun about a year ago under a contract with the City
Department of Housing Preservation and Development, high school dropouts are
paid up to $5 an hour to learn construction trades while they repair city-owned
residential property.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             364 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                          November 26, 1998, Thursday

IN THE NABES
HONORED FOR NEW HABITAT

SECTION: Suburban; Pg.  2

LENGTH: 290 words


GRANT CITY Habitat for Humanity of Staten Island gave its Caring and Sharing
Award to 14 people and organizations this week for their efforts in helping to
build the first Staten Island Habitat home.

The winners are Ronald Mazzucco, Otis Voils of Wohl & O'Mara, Donald and Charles
Manzo of Manzo Brothers, Mark Loffredo of Post Exterminating and Everett Hannah
of Richmond County Saving Bank.

Also: Albert Melniker of Melniker Associates, Jim, Bob and Marion Farrell of
Farrell Lumber, Harry Doherty of Staten Island Savings Bank, Michael Murphy of
Weil McClain Co., Jerry Ihnken, Edward Norton of Muralo Co., Sadie Smith of Con
Edison and Kevin Walsh of Walsh Electrical Contracting.

Having rehabilitated one house, Habitat for Humanity of Staten Island is
negotiating with the Department of Housing Preservation and Development for two
more abandoned buildings in the borough.

Brooklyn Heights

James Short, a biology teacher at Packer Collegiate Institute, was named 1998
Teacher of the Year by the Biological Sciences Curriculum Study, a national
biology-education organization.

Short received a $ 1,000 honorarium. Packer, at 170 Joralemon St., received $
1,000 to purchase equipment for its biology program.

Bed-Stuy

Radio personality Ann Tripp hosts the 12th annual Gift Giving for Needy
Children, beginning at 6 p.m. Friday at the Sugarhill Restaurant and Supper
Club, 609 DeKalb Ave.

The evening, sponsored by Celebration Benefit, will feature Frank Dell and the
NY Connection Band, saxophonist Eric Wyatt and Friends, surprise guest artists
and a complimentary buffet.

Admission is $ 10 and an unwrapped gift (no toy guns or knives). For
information, call George Johnson at (718) 949-4721.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1998 Daily News, L.P.


                             365 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 26, 1988, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

A 10-Unit Harlem Condo Without Subsidy

BYLINE: By RICHARD D. LYONS

SECTION: Section 10; Page 9, Column 2; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 795 words


ONE of the first of what might eventually be a small wave of modest apartment
rehabilitation projects in Harlem buildings has recently been completed on St.
Nicholas Avenue after almost a year of renovation.

The 10-unit condominium at 454 St. Nicholas Avenue at 133d Street is one of
Harlem's few multiple-unit dwellings to have been developed in recent years
almost solely with private funds. The New York City Community Preservation
Corporation, which is a consortium of private banks, provided most of the $1.1
million in loans that made the rehabilitation possible.

''These rehabilitated units are an excellent demonstration of what a high
quality development team can accomplish, and how our neighborhoods can be
preserved by private enterprise,'' said Michael Lapin, president of the banking
group.

The five-story building - named the Lesster after William Lesster who owned
extensive tracts of land in the area late in the 19th century - overlooks St.
Nicholas Park and is a five-minute walk from the campus of City College.

It is in a 10-block strip between 131st and 141st Streets that the city's
Department of Housing Preservation and Development has targeted for priority
revitalization. Many of the buildings in the area are abandoned and vacant.

The Lesster, which dates to the 1890's, was purchased three years ago from a
private owner by three women from varied backgrounds - Eunice A. Jackson, a
Harlem attorney familiar with housing rehabilitation who served on Community
Board 9; Sarah Kovner, a former banking and public relations official who has
been active in Democratic politics, and Jeanne Warner, an educational consultant
and former theatrical producer.

''Real estate development and theatrical production are very similar,'' Dr.
Warner said. ''In both cases you acquire a property, craft it well, line up the
right financing, then market it to the public.''

The developers' specialties helped their project in many ways. For example, a
letter of credit for $265,000 that underwrote a construction loan was extended
by the First Women's Bank, which Mrs. Kovner helped found and manage.

ROBERTA WASHINGTON, a Harlem architect, both designed and supervised the
renovation of the property, an effort that has cost more than $900,000.

The one- and two-bedroom units range from 853 to 1,262 square feet. Six are
duplexes, four with oak spiral staircases leading from their living rooms to
their upstairs bedrooms. The kitchens and bathrooms feature modern fixtures and
conveniences, but to keep down costs, the developers did not put in
air-conditioning or an elevator.

The apartments range in price from $130,000 to $152,000. As a substantial
inducement to purchasers, the developers have arranged 30-year mortgages for the
units at a fixed rate of 9 percent with a down payment of 10 percent. They have
calculated that the cost of ownership of a typical unit at about $1,300 a month,
with an average monthly tax benefit of $264, about half the cost of a similar
two-bedroom unit in most other Manhattan developments.

''We were determined to offer high quality living spaces at no more than
moderate income prices, and I believe that we have succeeded,'' Ms. Jackson
said. She noted that the Department of Housing Preservation and Development is
seeking requests for proposals for about a dozen other buildings in the
immediate neighborhood, including the adjoining structure to the north of the
Lesster.

YET both the developers and others familiar with real estate development in the
area said while neighborhood renovation efforts are beginning to pay off in new
housing units, that it may be some time before St. Nicholas Avenue will reach
its full potential.

Phillip Morrow, director of real estate development for the Harlem Urban
Development Corporation, which provided a small initial grant to the developers
of the Lesster, pointed out that while that building is a ''beautiful project
and a very big step in the right direction for the neighborhood, the presence of
many abandoned buildings nearby may slow demand for apartments in the area.''

The development corporation has itself renovated 16 buildings into 42
condominiums in the last two years, and this month opened two renovated
buildings that offer 71 units for sale. It is currently renovating four other
buildings with a total of 50 units.

''However, that is not to say that development conditions are ideal because
there are always many problems to be overcome, and they take a lot of time and
money to solve,'' Mr. Morrow said, adding ''but our experience has been that
there is a big demand for apartments in relatively small brownstones in Harlem,
and I think such apartments are going to continue to sell very well once they
are put on the market.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos of two of Lesster developers, Jeanne Warner and Eunice A.
Jackson; exterior of the Lesster, at 454 St. Nicholas Avenue at 133d St.
(NYT/Jack Manning, John Sotomayor)

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             366 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 31, 1995, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

POSTINGS: Limited-Equity Co-op to Rise in East Harlem;
Three Bedrooms For $4,000

SECTION: Section 9;   Page 1;   Column 1;   Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 252 words


Maple Plaza, a subsidized 155-unit limited-equity co-op, is to begin rising on
an empty, rubble-strewn square block defined by Madison and Park Avenues and
123d and 124th Streets in East Harlem next spring.

The co-op, costing $20.6 million, will be similar in financing and philosophy to
the 135-unit Maple Court, a four- and six-story square-block complex just south
of it. Residents, mainly from the area, began moving into Maple Court this
month. Both are sponsored by North General Hospital and developed by the Sparrow
Construction Corporation of the Bronx. Maple Plaza, to be completed in fall
1997, will have six- and eight-story buildings.

North General plans to occupy about 12,000 square feet of ground-floor space at
Maple Plaza, on land once occupied by the Hospital for Joint Diseases. The
architect is Architecture for Health, Science and Commerce, of Tarrytown, N.Y.,
which designed North General, just south of Maple Court.

The city's Department of Housing Preservation and Development is expected to
provide a $1.35 million grant and the city's Housing Development Corporation a
$1.35 million loan for the project, according to Randy Silverstein, president of
Sparrow. Eighty percent of the units, he said, will be set aside for those
earning from $20,000 to $65,000 a year; 10 percent will have a $75,000 income
ceiling, and the rest will have no cap. Three-bedrooms will sell for from $4,000
to $6,500, two-bedrooms from $3,500 to $5,000 and one-bedrooms from $2,500 to
$4,000.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                             367 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 18, 1983, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

NEW TACK IN GETTING HOMES BUILT

BYLINE: By ALAN S. OSER

SECTION: Section 8; Page 6, Column 1; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 1212 words



DATELINE:
THE ceremonial groundbreaking for 17 new


houses in the Windsor Terrace section of

Brooklyn earlier this month broke ground for more than the houses themselves. It
also signaled a fresh approach to the development of new publicly assisted
houses that will be owned by their occupants.

Governor Cuomo came to the groundbreaking, as did Mayor Koch, Senator Alfonse M.
D'Amato and David A. Rockefeller. The Mayor drew from a lottery the names of the
community residents who will be offered the first houses to be built on a
50,700-square-foot site where a Pilgrim Laundry building once stood. The winners
shouted with joy.

These houses are to be sold to families of moderate to middle income, which
means up to $48,000 a year, although most buyers are expected to earn between
$30,000 and $40,000.

The new institutional element in the picture is the New York City Housing
Partnership. Technically, it is a task force of the New York City Partnership,
of which Mr. Rockefeller is chairman and Frank J. Macchiarola is president. Its

executive committee consists of Mr. Rockefeller; Paul Lyet, retired chairman of
the Sperry Corporation; Richard Shinn, retired chairman of Metropolitan Life
Insurance Company, and Virgil Conway, chairman of the Seaman's Bank for Savings.

The Housing Partnership is assisting the city's effort to advance construction
of new homes on city-owned land. To do this, it has established an operating
subsidiary called the Housing Partnership Development Corporation. Mr. Conway is
its chairman and Anthony B. Gliedman, Commissioner of Housing Preservation and
Development, is vice chairman.  The corporation may be able to put together the
elements needed for a successful production program in a way that government
alone cannot. The elements are lender support, builder participation on a
limited-profit basis, community acceptance and Federal, state and local
assistance.

The partnership obtained the private financial commitments needed to assure
Federal and city participation. And, acting on behalf of city government, it
will deal directly with local communities and supervise financing, construction
and marketing. The city proposes the sites, and the partnership decides on their
feasibility for new construction.

At the Federal level, the Department of Housing and Urban Development has
provided Urban Development Action Grants to the city for the new-homes program.
So far, Secretary Samuel H. Pierce Jr. has agreed to provide funds for 460 units
on nine sites on a site-by-site basis only, up to the legal maximum of $15,000 a
housing unit. This has totaled $6.9 million in grants, committed in April, July
and September.

But now the city is in the process of applying for a $16.6 million action grant
on a programwide rather than site-by-site basis, to support 1,112 housing units.
If it is approved, the partnership's development corporation - in effect, the
city's development arm for new homes - would be assured of the ability to
complete construction on a given site if sales from models warranted it. But if
sales are disappointing, the subsidy could be shifted to a different site.

Thus a programwide action grant would assure a smooth level of construction.

Such a grant is possible only because the partnership secured $55 million in
conventional construction loan commitments from nine banks in the city. The
largest is for $13 million from Chemical Bank. Under the law, for every dollar
of action grant a minimum of $2.50 of private money must be committed first. In
the partnership's program, $3.50 of uninsured capital was obtained for each
dollar of action grant.

The action grant becomes a noninterest-bearing second mortgage that evaporates
over 15 years if the buyer stays in the house. If the home buyer resells the
house at a profit during that period, 50 percent of the profit is repayable up
to the loan amount.

All this is necessary because it costs builders more to produce the house than
buyers can afford to pay for it. Kathryn Wylde, executive vice president of the
Housing Partnership Development Corporation, estimated the total development
cost of this new housing at $60 to $75 a square foot, exclusive of land costs.
Between $35 and $55 a square foot is ''hard'' construction costs - labor and
materials. The home buyer pays for the land in his purchase and the city is
reimbursed at its appraised value.

The developments closest to the groundbreaking stage, aside from the one at
Windsor Terrace, which is between Greenwood Cemetery and Prospect Park, are in
the Morris Park, Soundview, Longwood, Castle Hill and Eastchester sections of
the Bronx; the Fort Greene, Boerum Hill, Prospect Park and Coney Island sections
of Brooklyn; East Harlem, Manhattan Valley and Harlem in Manhattan; Elmhurst,
Springfield Gardens, Corona and Woodhaven in Queens, and Concord and Stapleton
on Staten Island.

In nearly every case, a buyer needs an income of at least $32,000 to qualify for
the maximum 90 percent mortgage at current interest rates; below-market-rate
State of New York Mortgage Agency loans may be available in some cases.

The houses themselves are of various styles, appropriate to the buying
preferences in different parts of the city. The Windsor Terrace house will be a
22- by 44-foot two- family row house designed by Saltini Ferrara Associates of
Brooklyn and built by Fulton Park Development Corporation, in which Julius
Mehrberg is a principal.

The buyer will have a one-and-a-half bath duplex apartment of 1,900 square feet
on two levels plus a cellar, and a 968-square-foot rental apartment on the third
floor. The apartment is entered from a separate entrance reached by an outside
masonry stairway.

A typical situation might be as follows: The buyer of a $110,000 house would
assume a 90 percent, 30-year fixed-rate mortgage at 13 percent interest.
Assuming about $500 a month in rental income, the buyer's net monthly carrying
cost would be $865. If his income was $40,000 a year, the estimated after- tax
housing cost would be $467 a month, and this would be further reduced by tax
deductions available from depreciation on the rental apartment.

Other styles of housing will depend on market-preference surveys in the areas in
which they are to be situated. There may be two- or three-bedroom condominiums,
attached two- story single-family houses built on a slab with no basement,
two-family two- or three- story houses, or three-family three-story houses.

The Housing Partnership has announced a goal of producing 5,000 housing units,
but the time it will take to do that depends on many imponderables, not the
least of which is how successfully the first houses sell.

Meanwhile, the Housing Partnership has a larger agenda still. As explained by
Edgar A. Lampert, who serves as the president of the task force, the partnership
is working toward the establishment of incorporated subsidiaries to handle
mortgage financing of multifamily rehabilitation and home improvement loans.
There may also be a joint venture with a producer of manufactured houses to
build a manufactured housing facility in the city.

Law firms, advertising firms, investment banks and commercial and savings banks
have been contributing personnel to work on these varied housing ventures, Mr.
Lampert said.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             368 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 5, 2014 Friday

New York: A.G. Schneiderman Announces Conviction Of NYC Nonprofit Director Who
Stole Nearly $900k From Charity

LENGTH: 907  words

DATELINE: Albany


Office of Attorney General, The State of New York has issued the following news
release:

New York State Attorney General Eric T. Schneiderman today announced the felony
conviction of Yolanda Gonzalez, the former Executive Director of We Stay-Nos
Quedamos, Inc., for embezzling nearly $900,000 from the long-standing South
Bronx-based nonprofit community development corporation. The Attorney General's
investigation revealed that Yolanda Gonzalez, 46, of the Bronx, stole the money
from Nos Quedamos by making withdrawals from the organization's bank accounts to
pay her personal expenses, including a new car. Her former business partner,
Joseph Ingenito, was also convicted for helping Gonzalez attempt to cover-up the
thefts.

"New York's not-for-profit sector will only remain the strongest in the nation
if we continue to root out despicable, corrupt behavior like this," Attorney
General Schneiderman said. "This case started with Nos Quedamos board members
alerting my office to suspicious activity. I encourage the good actors in any
organization to stay vigilant and come forward if they suspect wrongdoing. It's
the best and most effective way to keep our nonprofit sector healthy and
honest."

"In addition to theft, this individual's conviction reflects guilt of a range of
tax-related felonies - revenue crimes that deprive state and local governments
of resources needed to provide critical services," said New York State
Commissioner of Taxation and Finance Thomas H. Mattox. "We will continue to work
with Attorney General Schneiderman and other law enforcement partners to
prosecute those who would attempt to evade taxes."

A community development organization focused on health, environment,
sustainability, affordable housing, and jobs, Nos Quedamos receives grants from
several government agencies, including the state Division of Housing and
Community Renewal, the New York State Energy Research and Development Authority,
and the New York City Department of Housing Preservation and Development.
Gonzalez became Executive Director after her mother, Yolanda Garcia, who was a
founding member of the organization, passed away in February 2005. Gonzalez
served as the Executive Director of Nos Quedamos until early 2011, when she was
suspended by the Board of Directors.

The Attorney General's investigation commenced in early 2011 with a complaint
from Nos Quedamos board members to the Attorney General's Charities Bureau about
possible missing or misappropriated funds from Nos Quedamos bank accounts. The
bureau uncovered evidence that hundreds of thousands of dollars had been
embezzled from the nonprofit.

Gonzalez embezzled funds from Nos Quedamos and two related entities, NQ
Development, LLC, and NQ Management, Inc.  In addition to her salary of more
than $70,000 per year, Gonzalez brazenly stole hundreds of thousands of dollars
from the nonprofit's bank accounts by writing checks to herself or to cash,
making ATM withdrawals, and paying for personal expenses on corporate credit
cards, including purchases at department stores, nail salons, jewelry stores,
and movie theaters. She also purchased a new 2009 Toyota Sienna with stolen
funds, at a cost of more than $29,000. To conceal the thefts, Gonzalez and
Ingenito falsified Annual Financial Reports, balance sheets, and financial
statements for Nos Quedamos and submitted them to the Board of Directors and the
New York State Attorney General's Office.  Gonzalez also failed to file taxes on
her illicit income, resulting in tax liability totaling over $64,948.

Gonzalez pleaded guilty yesterday evening before the Honorable Judge Steven
Barrett in Bronx County Supreme Court to Grand Larceny in the Second Degree, a
Class C felony, and Criminal Tax Fraud in the Third Degree, a Class D felony.
She will be sentenced on January 13, 2015 to 1 ½ to 4 ½ years in prison on the
Grand Larceny charge and 1 to 3 years in prison on the Tax Fraud charge.  As a
condition of her plea, she must also sign confessions of judgment in favor of We
Stay-Nos Quedamos in the amount of $886,613.24 and the New York State Department
of Taxation and Finance in the amount of $64,948.

Joseph Ingenito, the former Chief Financial Officer of Nos Quedamos, was
convicted of two counts of Falsifying Business Records in the First Degree, a
Class E felony, for misrepresenting information in financial documents to help
cover up the thefts.   He will be sentenced on February 6, 2015 to 6 months of
house arrest and five years probation.

The Attorney General thanks the New York State Department of Taxation and
Finance and the New York State Division of Housing and Community Renewal for
their assistance in this case.

The case is being prosecuted by Assistant Attorney General Gabriel Tapalaga of
the Criminal Enforcement and Financial Crimes Bureau.  The Criminal Enforcement
and Financial Crimes Bureau is led by Bureau Chief Gary T. Fishman and Deputy
Bureau Chiefs Stephanie Swenton and Meryl Lutsky.  The Executive Deputy Attorney
General for Criminal Justice is Kelly Donovan.

The investigation was handled by Investigator Sylvia Rivera, Supervising
Investigator Michael Ward and Deputy Chief of Investigations John McManus.
Supervising Forensic Auditor Edward J. Keegan also assisted in the
investigation. The Investigations Division is led by Chief Dominick Zarrella.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             369 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 4, 2014 Thursday

Heitkamp Announces Significant Federal Funding for Medical Research, Rural
Development in North Dakota

LENGTH: 295  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Heidi Heitkamp, U.S Government has issued the following
news release:

U.S. Senator Heidi Heitkamp today announced nearly $200,000 in federal funding
for Krisara Engineering in Fargo to support medical research on new methods of
monitoring blood pressure. Additionally, Heitkamp announced $50,000 in federal
funding for the Red River Regional Council to help 11 very low-income homeowners
in Pembina County make needed repairs to their homes.

"Investing in our future is one of the most valuable steps we can take to foster
growth and success in communities across North Dakota," said Heitkamp. "These
funds will help us continue to make important strides in the health care field
by supporting preventive medicine, an essential part of building both healthy
cities and small towns. And the rural development funds are a much-needed
investment for some of the least fortunate in our state to help make sure they
have safe homes in which to raise their families."

Heitkamp has been a vocal proponent of preventive medicine and its importance in
forming strong, healthy communities across North Dakota. And as Chairwoman of
the Senate Agriculture Subcommittee which oversees rural development, Heitkamp
has worked to establish policies that foster economic growth in North Dakota and
in rural communities throughout the country.

The funds for Krisara Engineering are made available through the U.S. Department
of Health and Human Services National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute. The
funds for Red River Regional Council are made available through the U.S.
Department of Agriculture Rural Development's Housing Preservation Grant
Program.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             370 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                           December 13, 2011 Tuesday

Anthony, N.M. housing projects funding announced

BYLINE: by Paula Monarez Diaz \ El Paso Times

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 79 words


USDA Rural Development State Director Terry Brunner announced Monday that Tierra
Del Sol Housing Corp. Inc. of Anthony, N.M., will receive more than $700,000 in
financial support to provide supervision of the construction of new homes and to
repair five homes owned by seniors.

The funding for the housing projects is administered by Rural Development's
housing program through a $118,308 Housing Preservation Grant.

That money will be used to rehabilitate and repair five homes.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2011 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             371 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                          December 22, 2010 Wednesday

Twelve Nonprofit Community Development Groups Named as Recipients of the MetLife
Foundation Community Development Initiative

LENGTH: 569  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Dec. 22 -- MetLife Foundation today announced that it is awarding
$500,000 among 12 nonprofit community development groups in Boston, Chicago, Los
Angeles, New York City and the San Francisco Bay Area as part of its 2010
Community Development Initiative. The organizations are being recognized for
leadership and excellence in implementing affordable housing and economic
development activities that increase access and opportunity in diverse
lower-income neighborhoods. The groups received grants of up to $50,000 each.
Since 2009, MetLife Foundation has awarded $1 million through the Community
Development Initiative.

"Community development organizations play a critical role in building livable
neighborhoods," said Dennis White, president and CEO of MetLife Foundation. "We
are pleased to recognize these organizations for their affordable housing and
economic development initiatives which will help meet growing needs and build
opportunity and hope."

The recipients of the 2010 MetLife Foundation Community Development Initiative
are:

* Asian Community Development Corporation (Boston, Mass.) for its Comprehensive
Housing Opportunities program, which provides financial literacy and home buying
education and counseling services to clients whose primary languages are
Cantonese and Mandarin.

* Beyond Shelter (Los Angeles, Calif.) for Career Link Collaborative, an
initiative to help unemployed South Central Los Angeles residents obtain and
maintain living-wage careers.

* Bickerdike Redevelopment Corporation (Chicago, Ill.) for its Sustainable
Affordable Housing Preservation and Restoration initiative, including a focus on
affordable rental housing.

* Chinatown Community Development Center (San Francisco, Calif.) to provide
green affordable housing in the Chinatown, North Beach, Russian Hill and
Tenderloin neighborhoods.

* Codman Square Neighborhood Development Corporation (Dorchester, Mass.) for
expansion of transit-oriented development along the Fairmount commuter rail
line, as well as financial counseling and foreclosure prevention.

* East Bay Asian Local Development Corporation (Oakland, Calif.) for its
Volunteer Income Tax Assistance (VITA) program for low-income residents of
Alameda and Contra Costa Counties.

* Fifth Avenue Committee (Brooklyn, N.Y.) for its affordable housing, workforce,
and economic development program in South Brooklyn.

* Greater Southwest Development Corporation (Chicago, Ill.) for the Southwest
REACH Center, a no-cost one-stop resource to help families build their financial
future.

* LTSC Community Development Corporation (Los Angeles, Calif.) for its
Affordable Housing Collaborative, through which LTSC partners with other groups
to build multi-family housing.

* Northern Manhattan Improvement Corporation (New York City, N.Y.), for
technical assistance and training for residents of tenant-controlled buildings
in Washington Heights and Inwood.

* Nuestra Communidad Development Corporation (Roxbury, Mass.) for the
Partnership for Greening Blue Hill Avenue, a collaboration with YouthBuild
Boston to weatherize housing along a major transit corridor.

* Women's Housing and Economic Development Corporation (Bronx, N.Y.) for its
Home-based Childcare Program. Published by HT Syndication with permission from
Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to this article or any other
content requirement, please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             372 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           September 24, 1999, Friday

NABE NEWS  NEW BUYERS HAIL CITY'S HOME HELP

SECTION: Suburban; Pg.  2

LENGTH: 346 words


MORRISANIA Six Bronx residents celebrated Home Ownership Month yesterday by
showing off the newly renovated two-family homes they purchased through the
CityHome Program.

The Enterprise Foundation, together with the Morrisania Revitalization Corp. and
the city's Department of Housing Preservation and Development, hosted
yesterday's celebration on Jackson Ave. between E. 166th and Home Sts.

Sonja Woodson, Eric and George Shoulders, Louis Lindsay, Priscilla Harris and
Sandra Grant are all first-time homebuyers who took advantage of the CityHome
program.

The program, designed to give lowand moderate-income New Yorkers the chance to
own their own homes, is responsible for renovating 400 formerly abandoned
city-owned buildings with more than 1,200 apartments across the five boroughs.

Mount Vernon

A South Columbus Ave. man could face up to 14 years in prison for allegedly
downloading child pornography from the Internet to his home computer.

Forensic investigators said that some of the images found on Walter Singleton's
computer were of children as young as 10.

Singleton, 37, was arraigned in White Plains yesterday on a 24-count indictment
for possessing child pornography and 13 other counts relating to Internet fraud.

Authorities also charged Singleton with grand larceny, forgery and criminal
possession of stolen property for his alleged attempts to purchase Dell computer
equipment, mostly over the Internet.

Bronx

One of the most prominent mentoring programs in the borough is looking for a few
good men and women.

Volunteers are needed for Big Brothers Big Sisters of NYC, a program that has
operated in the Bronx for two years. Borough President Fernando Ferrer and a
host of local politicians, business and community leaders yesterday urged adults
from all walks of life to dedicate some of their time to children in need of a
role model.

While women are urged to sign up, there is a stronger need for male volunteers,
according to officials from the program. To volunteer or for further
information, call (718) 299-6410.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1999 Daily News, L.P.


                             373 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            October 16, 2015 Friday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

Viv: Get tougher on bad builders

BYLINE: BY Greg B. Smith

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 140 words


CITY COUNCIL Speaker Melissa Mark-Viverito moved Thursday to crack down on
bad-actor contractors who put up taxpayer-subsidized affordable apartments.

The city would create an ombudsman to track contractors who cheat their workers,
allow dangerous job sites or perform shoddy work under a bill sponsored by
Mark-Viverito and Councilwoman Helen Rosenthal (D-Manhattan). The bill would
also create a list of "preferred contractors" who have had zero citations within
the prior five years.

The city Housing Preservation and Development Department has been criticized by
unions for allowing the building of affordable units that taxpayers help pay
for.

The ombudsman would keep an eye on these and other contractors where problems
emerge. "This bill aims to stop that bad behavior in its tracks and bring more
transparency to HPD," Rosenthal said.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NLVL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Daily News, L.P.


                             374 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               August 16, 1986, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

CITY OFFERS AID TO BUILD HOUSES STALLED IN BRONX

BYLINE: By RICHARD J. MEISLIN

SECTION: Section 1; Page 27, Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 305 words


The city has offered $694,000 to the developer of the Croton-Mapes houses in the
Bronx to permit him to complete the Crotona Park section project, a housing
official said yesterday.

Nineteen families moved into unfinished houses in the project last weekend and
have stayed, saying that they had invested their money and would wait no longer
for the homes.

The developer, Abraham Shnay, said yesterday that he had told the city he can
accept its offer only if Chemical Bank, which holds the mortgage on the 92-home
project, agrees to drop late fees and penalties. Officials have estimated these
charges at $300,000.

''If he can negotiate that kind of thing with Chemical Bank - which he may or
may not be able to do - then that's it,'' said the official, Charles Perkins of
the Department of Housing Preservation and Development. ''If not, we're back to
where we started.''

Most of the three- and four-bedroom homes, begun in 1981 with Federal subsidies,
have been completed, but 29 remain under construction. The homes occupied last
Sunday by the families lack toilets, electricity and appliances.

A vice president of Chemical Bank, Kenneth B. Herz, said the bank was waiting to
see the agreement between the city and Mr. Shnay before deciding what to do, but
added, ''We have a lot of sympathy for the homeowners, so we're open to working
out a reasonable solution to the problem.'' He said the bank was ''not in the
business of owning real estate,'' and would prefer not to foreclose.

According to parties familiar with the deal, Mr. Shnay owes about $1.5 million
on the mortgage and has not made payments for about 18 months. Mr. Shnay said
the delays and higher than expected costs stemmed from ''a lot of rock on the
site, a lot of rubble on the site, a lot of utility problems and Building
Department problems.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             375 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Mortgage Servicing News

                                   March 2014

Servicing Rural Areas

BYLINE: Editorial Staff

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 2 Vol. 18 No. 04

LENGTH: 400  words


Not every niche of the mortgage business saw a retrenchment last year. The Rural
Housing Service posted a 15% jump in volume for fiscal 2013, almost all of it
from its homeownership guarantee program.

Total RHS loan and grant obligations came to $23.4 billion in the last fiscal
year, according to an analysis of RHS data by the Housing Assistance Council, a
Washington-based nonprofit. That was up from $20.4 billion in fiscal 2012.

The biggest bump came in RHS Section 502 single-family guaranteed loans, which
were up $3.1 billion as lenders flocked to the safety of the federal guarantee
as political in-fighting curbed the direct loan program. Section 502 guaranteed
mortgages went from $19.2 billion in FY 2012 to $22.4 billion for fiscal 2013.
Number of loans made increased by nearly 18,000 to 163,000.

As the guaranteed mortgage program took off, the Section 502 direct loan program
fell off in FY 2013, from $900 million to $827 million. The number of direct
loans fell by 800, to 7,100. RHS is a unit of the U.S. Department of
Agriculture, but the loans it makes are eligible to be packaged into Ginnie Mae
securities and serviced just as Federal Housing Administration and Department of
Veterans Affairs mortgages are.

RHS also provided $850 million in rental assistance and housing vouchers last
year, down slightly from $900 million the year before.

Other losers included the service's rental housing loans. Direct rental housing
loans fell by half, to $29 million, while guaranteed rental housing loans also
fell by half, to $52 million. Multifamily Housing Preservation and
Revitalization loans and grants dropped by two thirds, to $21 million.

The RHS single-family Section 502 mortgage program in recent years has
"dramatically shifted away from direct lending in favor of loan guarantees,"
according to HAC's analysis of the data. "There has been a steady decline in the
number of direct loans since FY 2006 (except for additional funding provided
under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act for FY 2009 and 2010)."

Fiscal 2013 "represents the lowest number of direct Section 502 loans made since
1961."

Another factor in the falloff in direct loans, according to HAC, was
"significant differences between the House and Senate appropriation bills and a
six-month Continuing Resolution bill severely limited available funding for
direct loan programs during the first half of fiscal 2013."

URL: http://www.mortgageservicingnews.com/

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: MSN


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             376 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                               February 10, 2014

A Very Good Year

BYLINE: Editorial Staff

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 4 Vol. 38 No. 20

LENGTH: 394  words


Not every niche of the mortgage business saw a retrenchment last year. The Rural
Housing Service posted a 15% jump in volume for fiscal 2013, almost all of it
from its homeownership guarantee program.

Total RHS loan and grant obligations came to $23.4 billion in the last fiscal
year, according to an analysis of RHS data by the Housing Assistance Council, a
Washington-based nonprofit. That was up from $20.4 billion in fiscal 2012.

The biggest bump came in RHS Section 502 single-family guaranteed loans, which
were up $3.1 billion as lenders flocked to the safety of the federal guarantee
as political in-fighting curbed the direct loan program. Section 502 guaranteed
mortgages went from $19.2 billion in FY 2012 to $22.4 billion for fiscal 2013.
Number of loans made increased by nearly 18,000 to 163,000.

As the guaranteed mortgage program took off, the Section 502 direct loan program
fell off in FY 2013, from $900 million to $827 million. The number of direct
loans fell by 800, to 7,100.

RHS is a unit of the U.S. Department of Agriculture, but the loans it makes are
eligible to be packaged into Ginnie Mae securities and serviced just as Federal
Housing Administration and Department of Veterans Affairs mortgages are.

RHS also provided $850 million in rental assistance and housing vouchers last
year, down slightly from $900 million the year before.

Other losers included the service's rental housing loans. Direct rental housing
loans fell by half, to $29 million, while guaranteed rental housing loans also
fell by half, to $52 million. Multifamily Housing Preservation and
Revitalization loans and grants dropped by two thirds, to $21 million.

The RHS single-family Section 502 mortgage program in recent years has
"dramatically shifted away from direct lending in favor of loan guarantees,"
according to HAC's analysis of the data. "There has been a steady decline in the
number of direct loans since FY 2006 (except for additional funding provided
under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act for FY 2009 and 2010)."

Fiscal 2013 "represents the lowest number of direct Section 502 loans made since
1961."

Another factor in the falloff in direct loans, according to HAC, was
"significant differences between the House and Senate appropriation bills and a
six-month Continuing Resolution bill severely limited available funding for
direct loan programs.

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             377 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 9, 2014 Tuesday

USPTO grants trade mark "CREDENTIAL FOR GREEN PROPERTY MANAGEMENT (CGPM)" to
National Affordable Housing Management Association (VIRGINIA)

LENGTH: 106  words

DATELINE: Alexandria


National Affordable Housing Management Association (VIRGINIA), has been granted
trademark (4595908) titled as "CREDENTIAL FOR GREEN PROPERTY MANAGEMENT (CGPM)"
from the United States Patent and Trademark Office.

Status: Registered

Class/es: IC 035. US 100 101 102. G & S: Professional credentialing verification
services in the field of green building principles and practices, namely,
verifying the satisfaction by property managers, supervisors and maintenance
technicians of U.S. Housing and Urban Development, Office of Affordable Housing
Preservation, Green Initiative training and education requirements. FIRST USE:
20080910.

Filing

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             378 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily Southerner (Tarboro, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             January 9, 2009 Friday

HOME SWEET HOME: ?She never stopped wishing ... dreaming'

BYLINE: T.J. Royal, The Daily Southerner, Tarboro, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 534 words


Jan. 9--After waiting 10 years, Virginia Pettaway feels like she's "won the
lottery" since moving back into her renovated Tarboro home on Dec. 23.

Pettaway, 55, received a $59,195 renovation to her home at 4362 McNair Road,
beginning in November and finished before Christmas. She stayed with a neighbor
until the renovations were done, she said.

After her late mother, Charlotte Pettaway, filed the original request for the
work back in 1998, Pettaway said "she never stopped wishing, never stopped
dreaming" that it would finally happen.

"Every day that I would get up, I'd thank the Lord. I'd say 'God, it's another
house gonna be here.' And I'd walk around the house every day. I was saying the
same thing. It's just so amazing. And it actually happened."

She said the request had been denied twice, once because of an identify mix-up
with another Edgecombe resident with the same name.

Edgecombe County Planning Director Ola Pittman said that while Pettaway waited a
decade for her renovations, most people "would've given up a long time ago."

By the time the work started on Pettaway's home, it was in a nearly dilapidated
state, Pittman said.

When the contractors started work on it in November, Pettaway said they were
astonished the house was still standing after being in a state of disrepair for
so long. She said before the work, she was living with holes in her floor and in
her ceiling, and that the house all together "had started coming down."

She had been living in the home since 2002, when she came back to live with her
ailing mother, Charlotte, who died that year, Pettaway said.

The house was built in 1975, and except for four years when she moved away, she
lived in the house with her mother, she said. Pettaway has been on disability
since 1994 she said, after she developed complications from her diabetes, as
well as from glaucoma and "nerve problems."

Among the improvements to her 1,100 square foot house was a complete electrical
rewiring, new space created by tearing down old walls, and a new central heating
and air-conditioning unit.

Pittman said the county will keep the deed of trust on the property for 10
years, when it will be given to Pettaway. That is so the house could not be
renovated and then sold for a profit, Pittman said.

Money for the renovation came from a $400,000 U.S. Housing and Urbanization
Department Community Development Block Grant awarded to Edgecombe County back in
2006. Pittman also said Housing Preservation funds from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture were used for Pettaway's renovation.

The Community Development Block Grant awarded in 2006 was administered through
the N.C. Department of Commerce's Division of Community Assistance, Pittman
said.

The work on Pettaway's residence was done by Walter Wittneben of Wilmington.

To see more of The Daily Southerner or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://dailysoutherner.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Daily Southerner, Tarboro,
N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090109-NT-HOME-SWEET-HOME-0109

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NT


                                 Copyright 2009


                             379 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Tahlequah Daily Press (Oklahoma)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 13, 2008 Tuesday

Council rescinds tobacco tax for some smoke shops

BYLINE: Teddye Snell, Tahlequah Daily Press, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 624 words


May 13--Cherokee Nation tribal councilors Monday approved a resolution that will
rescind taxes charged by the tribe to some smoke shops.

The measure, which received unanimous approval, will affect smoke shops 20 miles
or more from state borders.

"The smoke shops owners have been having problems since the tribe received
negative results from arbitration with the state," said District 1 Councilor
Bill John Baker. "By rescinding the tax charged to smoke shops that are 20 miles
or more from state borders, this will give them some breathing room until the
issue is resolved."

Baker pointed out the affected smoke shops pay higher taxes than those near
state borders, which pay less tax to draw customers over state lines to buy
tobacco.

At least two smoke local smoke shops, Cherokee Tobacco and Willy & Billy's, will
benefit from the decision. Both operations were recently forced to raise prices
substantially as a result of the arbitration decision.

During his state of the nation address, Principal Chief Chad Smith updated
citizens on the status of the Freedmen case pending in federal court. According
to Smith, the case should be heard later this summer. He also commended
Democratic presidential contender Sen. Barack Obama for refusing to agree with
the Congressional Black Caucus in withholding federal housing funds until the
tribe includes Freedmen as citizens.

In an interview with The Hill newspaper in Washington, D.C., Obama said
discrimination is intolerable, but he cannot support efforts to undermine the
legal process the tribe is already pursuing.

"As it stands, the rights of the Cherokee Freedmen are not being abrogated
because there is an injunction in place that ensures the Freedmen's rights to
programs during the pendency of the litigation," Obama told The Hill. "I do not
support efforts to undermine these legal processes and impose a congressional
solution. Tribes have a right to be self-governing and we need to respect that,
even if we disagree, which I do in this case."

Smith said he respected Obama for his forthrightness.

"He may not agree with us on the issue, but supports our sovereignty," said
Smith. "I hope the balance of Congress follows the lead of Sen. Barack Obama."

Smith recognized a number of students from Sequoyah High School who have
received Gates Millennium Scholarships. According to the school's college prep
adviser, each recipient will receive $100,000 toward their education. Students
are Cody Poe, Colton Holmes, Loren Hammer, Cassie Smith, Anthony Beaver, Feather
Smith, Alisa Riddle and Raylee Conrad.

Other action

In other business, councilors approved measures:

--Authorizing the submission of a special grant application to the U.S.
Department of Agriculture for a housing preservation grant.

--Approving and authorizing the submission of the amended fiscal year 2007
Indian housing plan to the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development.

--Authorizing the placement of land in trust in Tahlonteeskee.

--Authorizing the placement of land in trust in Warner at I-40.

--Amending certain sections of the children's code relating to child protection
and background checks for individuals working for children.

What's next

The next meeting of the Cherokee Nation Tribal Council will be held at 6 p.m.,
Monday, June 16, at tribal headquarters west of Tahlequah.

To see more of the Tahlequah Daily Press or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.tahlequahdailypress.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, Tahlequah Daily Press,
Okla. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080513-TD-Council-rescinds-tobacco-tax-for-some-smoke-shops-0513

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TD


                                 Copyright 2008


                             380 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   May 17, 1996, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Real Estate;
A new program is rehabilitating some 1,200 rental apartments in New York City.

BYLINE: By Rachelle Garbarine

SECTION: Section D;  Page 9;  Column 5;  Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 906 words


DEVELOPERS using public and private funds under New York City's new Neighborhood
Entrepreneur Program are rehabilitating nearly 1,200 rental apartments for low-
and moderate-income families.

The apartments, in neighborhoods including Harlem and Bedford-Stuyvesant and
Crown Heights in Brooklyn, are to be restored by the middle of next year. Most
buildings are partly occupied, others are vacant; all are in various stages of
disrepair.

The program, announced by the Department of Housing Preservation and Development
in September 1994, is being administered by the New York City Housing
Partnership, a nonprofit group that is the intermediary between the city and
private builders. Under terms of the program, the department, with community
input, selects a cluster of neighboring small city-owned buildings, with each
building averaging 10 apartments. The cluster is then awarded to a local
entrepreneur who takes over the management, and eventually the ownership, of the
buildings.

Buildings chosen for the program, said Gale D. Kaufman, vice president at the
partnership, are typically near new housing that has been developed by nonprofit
groups including the partnership. "The idea," she added, "is to complete the
rebuilding of a block or neighborhood."

Once the renovation projects are completed, to a schedule and to the city's
satisfaction, the entrepreneurs receive a one-time development fee of $1,500 an
apartment and $35,000 annually for every cluster; they can also take title to
the buildings. The renovation projects generally take 18 months. The
entrepreneurs must also offer tenants jobs from the redevelopment and are
assisted in that effort by the housing partnership and local nonprofit groups.
The latter also help tenants through the rebuilding, during which some may be
relocated, and provides support services like helping residents to find
self-help opportunities.


 Rents for existing tenants, who are guaranteed renovated apartments, will be
capped at 30 percent of income. Some of the vacant apartments will be offered to
families earning no more than 60 percent of the median income in the city, which
is $27,000 for a family of four. Qualifying families will be able to rent a
two-bedroom apartment for an average of $525 a month. Other apartments will be
leased at market rents, which on average will be $650 a month for the same
two-bedroom apartment, Ms. Kaufman said.

Because a high proportion of the apartments in the buildings are occupied by
low-income renters at below-market rates, continuing Federal subsidy programs
will be used to help cover the buildings' operating costs, she added.

Linda M. Loftin, a 16-year resident at a building in Crown Heights, said she
welcomed the change but was cautious. "So far there doesn't seem to be a
downside and the building needs work," she said. "But I will believe it when it
happens."

The renovation cost for the program's first 1,196 apartment is $74 million, or
an average of $62,000 an apartment.

The program is the newest of three helping to advance the strategy of the city
to renovate its small, partly occupied buildings and move them into private
ownership. The others award such buildings, most in Harlem, central Brooklyn and
the South Bronx, to tenants and to nonprofit developers.

Since the 1994 fiscal year, buildings with 13,200 apartments have been
renovated. And 4,100 apartments, including those under the entrepreneur program,
will be added by this June, reducing the city-owned housing stock by 29 percent,
to 43,100 apartments, said Jerry Salama, deputy commissioner for housing
management and sales at the housing department. By July 1997, 3,600 more
apartments will be taken off the city's hands, as many as 1,500 of them through
the entrepreneur program.

Ms. Kaufman of the housing partnership said $95 million in public funds were in
place and bank financing was being secured for those 1,500 apartments. They are
to be completed by early 1998.

"It was important to expand the players to take over these buildings," Mr.
Salama said, referring to the entrepreneur program. The intent, he added, is to
build the capacity of local companies to replace the city as it gets out of the
business of owning and managing housing.

On 140th Street between Seventh and Eighth Avenues in Harlem, three vacant
buildings with 54 apartments are being restored and work is about to start on a
fourth occupied one with 51 units, said Leroy W. Morrison, president of the S &
S Real Estate Development Corporation, the Harlem-based developer. The two- to
four-bedroom apartments have 595 to 960 square feet of space, said Mr. Morrison,
who also heads the Lemor Realty Corporation.

Work has also begun on the restoration of four empty buildings, part of a
cluster of 17 buildings, with 90 apartments, grouped around Lafayette Avenue in
Bedford-Stuyvesant. The one- to three-bedroom apartments range from 650 to 1,200
square feet. The developer is the Nasher Owners Corporation. David Young and his
partner, Adele Selby, also run Nasher Realty Associates in Queens. And in Crown
Heights, the renovation of four empty buildings, part of a cluster of 12
buildings with 113 apartments around Classon Avenue, will soon start. They will
have one to three bedrooms and 500 to 720 square feet of space. The developer is
Classon Village, whose president, Larry E. Hirschfield, also heads ELH
Management in Fort Greene, Brooklyn.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                             381 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 6, 1982, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

CITY TO CONTINUE TAX BENEFITS ON HOUSING AFTER LAW ENDS

BYLINE: By MICHAEL ORESKES

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 831 words


The Koch administration plans to continue tax breaks for the upgrading of
residential housing, even though the state legislation that authorized such
incentives has lapsed, New York City officials said yesterday.

Critics of the tax incentive program said they would challenge the city's plans
in court.  Koch administration officials said that, while they were awaiting a
formal legal opinion, they thought they could still grant the tax incentives.

Legal Assurance Cited

''My legal folks believe it does continue,'' said Anthony B.  Gliedman,
Commissioner of Housing Preservation and Development.  The subject of the
dispute is a tax incentive program known as J-51, which is the most important
and probably the most controversial of the city's tools to encourage housing
development.

State legislation that gave the city the power to set up the J-51 program
expired May 31. Repeated efforts by the city and legislative critics to
negotiate an extension failed, and the Legislature adjourned Saturday without
taking action.

But the city officials believe the program can continue because in 1979 the City
Council, under state legislation, made changes in the program and then extended
it until 1984.

The issue now being framed between supporters and critics of the program is
whether the extension remains effective even though the legislation that enabled
the Council to act at all has expired.

Both critics and supporters of the program said they believed that projects
started before May 31 would remain eligible for the tax benefits. At issue,
officials said, is whether projects begun after May 31 are also eligible.

''Our lawyers are pretty much in agreement that you can begin jobs,'' Mr.
Gliedman said.  He said the administration was seeking a formal opinion from its
Corporation Counsel, Frederick A. O. Schwarz Jr. The opinion is expected in a
few days, Mr. Gliedman said.

He said he hoped the legal opinion would reassure banks and developers that it
was proper to proceed with rehabilitation projects in the expectation that the
tax benefits would be available.

Ruth W. Messinger, a Manhattan City Councilwoman and a longtime critic of the
J-51 program, said she had already been informed by Housing Department officials
that the city planned to continue the program.

The J-51 program was enacted in 1955 to provide inducements for the upgrading of
cold-water flats. But it has expanded far beyond this, and critics contend that
it now often subsidizes the development of luxury housing that would have been
created anyway in prime areas of Manhattan.

Tenants Said to Be Harassed

The critics also charge that the program has promoted the harassment of tenants
in buildings, particularly single room occupancy hotels that owners want to
convert to more lucrative residential use.

The program provides two basic forms of tax benefits. First, it freezes, for up
to 12 years in most cases, the tax assessment of a building at the level before
an owner makes an improvement. Thus a building whose value is increased by a
renovation from $1 million to $10 million would continue to be taxed as if it
were worth $1 million.

Second, the program allows developers to deduct a large portion of the costs of
renovation from the already frozen taxes. In some projects, real estate experts
report, taxes have been almost wiped out for many years.

Supporters of the program say it costs little, if anything, because the city is
simply forgiving taxes on improvements that would not have been made otherwise.
They also argue that the program encourages new housing, one of the city's most
important goals.

Importance of Program Now

The continuation of the program is particularly important now, Commissioner
Gliedman said, to encourage upgrading of housing outside Manhattan.

The city has tried twice since the state enabling legislation lapsed to
negotiate an extension. Both Mr. Gliedman and critics of the program say that
they had virtually agreed on these two points as conditions for the extension:

- The J-51 benefits would no longer have been available for the 65 remaining
S.R.O. buildings in the city, thus presumably reducing the owners' incentive to
force low-income occupants out so the buildings can be converted to luxury
housing.

- The rules against harassment of tenants in other residential buildings being
renovated would have been tightened.  But the negotiations broke down, according
to participants, on a third point: the effort by critics to limit sharply the
granting of J-51 benefits in prime areas of Manhattan, such as the West Side,
that have not already been excluded by earlier legislation.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             382 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            December 1, 2014 Monday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

Dorm eyed for housing

BYLINE: Jan Ransom

SECTION: BORO NEWS; Pg. 41

LENGTH: 126 words


CITY OFFICIALS want to give an affordable housing firm a 99-year lease so it can
build low-income housing for seniors on the Upper East Side.

The Health and Hospitals Corp. is floating the proposal, which would grant SKA
Marin the rights to redevelop Draper Hall, a former dorm for nurses on First
Ave. near 90th St., and expand the 114,463-square-foot building by 13 floors,
the Commercial Observer reported.

The project, which calls for 202 units mostly one-bedrooms would be completed by
the end of 2016, and the developer would lease the site for $100,000 a year.

The City Council must first approve the plan, which would be funded by the
Department of Housing Preservation and Development. - Council Speaker Melissa
Mark-Viverito is reviewing the proposal.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NLVL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Daily News, L.P.


                             383 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                      April 09, 2001 Monday, ALL EDITIONS

Well-advised caution;
 Preservation surtaxes are a bad idea

SECTION: EDITORIAL; IN OUR OPINION; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 329 words



Members of the Worcester City Council's Fees and Charges Committee wisely have
urged their fellow councilors and the city administration to proceed cautiously
on any recommendation to adopt the Community Preservation Act.

The local-option law allows communities to raise property taxes- up to 3 percent
over the Proposition 21/2 taxation limits- to pay into a new state land-purchase
fund. Higher fees for filings at the Registry of Deeds and Land Court also would
go into the fund. Grants from the state fund would be used for local affordable
housing, preservation and conservation projects.

The filing fees add up quickly. Recording fees paid by Worcester for tax filings
will total $30,000, nearly $20,000 more than originally budgeted.

That prompted Councilor-at-Large Timothy P. Murray last week to express concern
that Worcester would lose that money if it did not join the program.

Actually, adopting the law would be far more costly. Even a minimal 1 percent
surcharge would cost Worcester taxpayers about $1.2 million annually, and a 3
percent surcharge would cost $3.6 million.

In fact, the law is unnecessary since Proposition 21/2 already allows
communities to exceed spending limits for special purposes, including open-space
preservation.

While the law's intent is worthy, it creates an inequitable situation. It
imposes a special open-space tax not only on a selected- yet-to-be-determined-
segment of property owners, but also on municipalities and people doing business
with the deeds office and Land Court.

Other provisions also are murky, such as allowing use of the surtax revenue for
historic restorations and for affordable housing, a use directly at odds with
the goal of open-space preservation.

Long before the Community Preservation Act, Worcester made preserving open space
for conservation and recreational use a priority. That kind of local option,''
not burdensome new taxes and fees, is the right way to go.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2001 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                             384 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  May 25, 1991, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Estates Can Keep Apartments, Judge Rules

SECTION: Section 1; Page 27; Column 4; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 235 words


A State Supreme Court justice has ruled that if tenants die, their estates can
retain control of apartments in certain publicly subsidized middle-income
housing cooperatives in New York City.

The ruling was handed down on Wednesday in a case involving Lincoln Guild, a
large apartment complex on the Upper West Side that is part of a program called
Article 5 housing.

The city's Department of Housing Preservation and Development ordered the
removal of Lincoln Guild's board in June, contending that it had improperly
allowed estates of deceased shareholders to retain apartments, either keeping
them vacant or renting them for large profits. City housing officials said the
apartments, at West End Avenue and 66th Street, should have gone to qualified
applicants on the complex's waiting list. Applicants had to meet income
requirements, among other things.

The board of Lincoln Guild asserted that it did not have the authority to
prevent estates from holding on to apartments.

Justice Walter M. Schackman of State Supreme Court in Manhattan ruled that the
city could not prevent the estates from retaining apartments. Justice Schackman
said the city Housing Department had failed to create appropriate rules and
regulations for Lincoln Guild and other Article 5 complexes.

The city has already begun to write such rules to govern the 13 buildings that
are classified as Article 5 properties.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                             385 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 15, 1983, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

17 GROUPS AWAIT AID FOR HOMELESS

BYLINE: By SUSAN CHIRA, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1; Page 30, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 764 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, May 12


None of the 17 community groups promised grants by the state five months ago to
house the homeless have received any money.

Directors of the groups - which include Y.W.C.A.'s, Catholic charities and
private rehabilitation organizations - said the delays in receiving the money
had prevented them from housing many homeless people and had forced some to
borrow money.

The grants, totaling nearly $2 million, were among those authorized by the
Legislature last spring and approved by the former State Housing Commissioner,
Richard A. Berman, in December.

The new Commissioner, Yvonne Scruggs-Leftwich, blocked payment of the grants for
three months while reviewing them to see if they were ''sound.'' After she
approved them on March 24, the agency had to draw up contracts, which are now
being reviewed by the local groups, the Division of Audit and Control and the
Attorney General's office.

Approved by Cuomo

Governor Cuomo said in March that he approved of his Commissioner's actions in
reviewing the grants. His spokesman, Timothy J. Russert, said: ''No
administration has done more for the homeless. Naturally the Commissioner is
distributing those funds in an orderly and prudent manner. It is the only way to
insure those who need help receive it.''

The Rev. John Felice, president of the St. Francis Friends of the Poor, said he
had to ask for donations at Easter to help pay for a project to house 115
homeless people at the Stanford Hotel, at 135 West 31st Street.

The group's first project, a residential home at 125 East 24th Street for
discharged mental-health patients, served as the model for the state's program,
according to Assemblyman Alexander B. Grannis, a Democrat of Manhattan.

Father Felice said that construction had begun on the project in anticipation of
receiving a $301,256 grant from the state. The group was also counting on a
$350,000 loan from New York City's Department of Housing Preservation and
Development, but the department refused to hand over the money until the state's
check arrived, Father Felice said.

''We paid for it by hook or by crook,'' he said. ''But when you get backed up on
your plans because of bureaucratic craziness, so much of this doesn't seem
necessary.''

A Top Priority

Governor Cuomo has made housing the homeless one of the top priorities of his
administration.  The Governor, who is chairman of the National Task Force for
the Homeless, has called the problem ''a pathetic, tragic illustration of our
failure as a government.''

In addition to the nearly $2 million appropriated last year, this year the state
set aside $12 million over the next five years to house the homeless.

Many community groups said that they were grateful for the state grants, but
that the delays had prevented them from reaching out to help more people during
the winter, when the need for a warm place to sleep was most critical.

The Washington Heights-West Harlem-Inwood Mental Health Council was promised
$300,155 to house 150 homeless people in the Hudson Hotel, at 1649 Amsterdam
Avenue. Ana Perera, the group's director of housing, said that the rooms were
still empty because the group had no money to buy furniture.

'Think They're Trying'

She signed a contract with the state last week, she said, and expects to receive
the money within two months. ''I think they're trying now,'' she said.

Judith Morgan, director of counseling at the Y.W.C.A. of Binghamton, said that
the organization had not yet received a $145,000 grant to renovate 67 rooms for
homeless women.

''It's just delayed being able to offer the housing to people who need it,'' she
said.  Last year the Legislature passed the Special Needs Housing Act, which
provided $4 million to local groups to acquire and renovate permanent
single-room-occupancy housing for homeless people at low rents, usually set at
the home relief allowance level.

On Dec. 10, the former Commissioner, Mr. Berman, mailed letters to the 17
community groups telling them they would receive money six to eight weeks after
signing a contract.

The agency mailed contracts out to most of the groups two to three weeks ago,
according to Thomas Viola, a spokesman for the State Division of Housing and
Community Renewal.

Once the contracts are signed, they go to the Division of Audit and Control and
the Attorney General for approval before checks can be issued. Mr. Viola said
that the division had committed itself to processing the contracts within 10
working days, but that he could not predict how long it would take for the other
agencies to give approval.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             386 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            April 16, 2008 Wednesday
                                 Metro Edition

town square;
RECENT ACTIONS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3AA

LENGTH: 95 words


ST. PAUL

April 9: The St. Paul City Council voted 5-0 to approve an ordinance that will
keep the downtown skyway system open from 6 a.m. to 2 a.m. seven days a week.
Some sections might receive waivers to keep different hours. Council members Dan
Bostrom and Pat Harris were absent.

April 9: The council approved a $252,000 grant from the Minnesota Housing
Finance Agency to hire mortgage foreclosure prevention counselors. The council
also approved the retention of outside legal counsel, the Housing Preservation
Project, to help with foreclosure and vacant building issues.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: EAST ONLY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2008 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             387 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             August 27, 2006 Sunday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

HARLEM HOUSE OF HORRORS

BYLINE: BY TINA MOORE DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 987 words


WHEN 74-YEAR-OLD Minnie Barnes needs to see her doctor, she climbs atop her
Harlem building, hauls herself - and her walker - over a shin-high wall and
shuffles across a neighboring roof.

Barnes, who is legally blind and needs help to perform the feat, makes the
treacherous journey from her top-floor home each month to reach a working
elevator.

The elevator in her vermin-infested, drug-ridden seven-story building has been
broken for more than 18 months. Despite mounting fines, the nonprofit chosen to
rehab the building by the city has failed to fix the lift.

"I really think that they want us to move out of this building so they can take
it, renovate it and make more money," Barnes told the Daily News.

The rundown building at 22 Mount Morris Park West and its sister building next
door were bought by the city as part of an initiative under then-Mayor Rudy
Giuliani to rehabilitate dilapidated buildings and help renters become owners.

The city turned the Harlem buildings over to Shu Hab, a nonprofit organization,
in 2001 to complete the renovations with city and private funds.

"We're doing the best we can until the rehab's complete," said Shu Hab Executive
Director Carol Lamberg, who initially told The News she was unaware of the
dormant elevator and then blamed the delays on contractors.

"We do not intend to gentrify the neighborhood," Lamberg said. "My goal is to
sell the apartments for $2,500."

In the meantime, the city Buildings Department has cited her organization and
the Queens company that manages the historic buildings for the broken elevator.
The repeated citations date back to February 2005.

Those violations led the city Environmental Control Board to levy $26,000 in
fines against the nonprofit and Wavecrest Management. The largest fine yet -
$10,000 - was issued against Shu Hab in May.

None of the fines have been paid.

"This is a building with outstanding violations that's on our radar screen,"
said Buildings Department spokeswoman Jennifer Givner.

Her department issued a criminal court summons to force Wavecrest to repair the
elevator last January. The case was adjourned three times. A new court date is
set for Sept. 12.

The broken elevator is only one item on a long list of horrors at the building,
where locks on front doors and emergency roof exits are busted and intercoms do
not work.

Like Barnes, resident Frances Alston, 79, makes the trek from her apartment to
the roof of the neighboring building when she needs to see her doctor. She walks
and talks more slowly since a recent stroke.

"They're not doing anything," she said. "And what they do isn't right."

A contractor renovating her unit raised the height of her kitchen window so much
that she can no longer reach the fire escape. She illustrated the problem by
standing next to the window. Once thigh-high, the lower sill now reaches her
chest.

Shu Hab said the nonprofit is in the process of rebidding the building's
renovation to find another contractor, causing delays.

In the spring, as the elevator sat unfixed, complaints from residents got the
attention of state Assemblyman Keith Wright. In a letter, Wright told residents
his office had contacted the city's Department of Housing Preservation and
Development.

"They are exploring whether they can initiate an emergency repair of the
elevator," the Democrat wrote in the May 4 letter.

But a department official said emergency repairs weren't approved. Elaine Calos,
the department's assistant commissioner for preservation finance, said the $3.5
million in loans and grants okayed for the renovation were to be dispersed upon
completion, not before.

But shortly after she was contacted by The News, Calos said, "I think in this
case we could make provisions" to provide emergency funding to fix the lift.

Her department has 500 open violations listed for 22 Mount Morris on its Web
site. Fifty of the violations are from the past year. She said many of the
defects may have been repaired, but her department wouldn't reinspect the
problems until the renovations were completed.

Alston's daughter, Catherine, who also lives in the building, said she has
complained about her own unit.

"What's happening in Harlem right now is beautiful," she said. "I love the
gentrification. But not at the expense that I got to be pushed out."

Her building's market value has increased from $300,000 in 2003 to $825,000 this
year, according to property records.

The increasing property values also have Hazel Sinclair, 78, convinced that
there's more to the delay than meets the eye. Shu Hab moved her down the hall
from unit 5E to 5C two years ago to make way for renovations. The relocation was
supposed to last four months.

But her former apartment is still sealed with a padlock.

"They want us to get fed up with this and move," said Sinclair, adding she has
never missed a rent payment. "But I'm going to stay right here."

tmoore@nydailynews.com

Graphic: VIOLATIONS AND FINES

The city Buildings Department has issued multiple violations to the owners and
managers of 22 and 24 Mount Morris Park West in Harlem because of a faulty
elevator. None of the fines have been paid, and the elevator still doesn't work.

Feb. 7, 2005 .......................... $350

June 10, 2005 .......................... $350

Oct. 3, 2005 .......................... $2,500

Oct. 7, 2005 .......................... $2,500

Oct. 25, 2005 ....................... $2,500

Nov. 29, 2005 ....................... $2,500

March 24, 2006 .................... $2,500

May 30, 2006 ....................... $2,500

May 16, 2006 ...................... $10,000

Total fines ............................. $25,700

The city Department of Housing Preservation and Development also has cited the
buildings for several code violations. The department's Web site notes 504 open
violations. They include:

Vermin, mice and roaches

Crumbling plaster

Broken door locks

No handrails on stairs

Blocked fire escape

Leaky ceilings

Peeling lead paint

Exposed electrical wires

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC;LIST;STATISTIC, Frances Alston, a stroke victim at 22 Mount
Morris Park West at 122nd St., where elevator hasn't worked for 18 months.
Residents of this Harlem building must go to roof via unlocked door (below) to
use elevator in building next-door. Minnie Barnes (right) must cope with a
cracked sink and missing tiles in her bathroom. PHOTOS BY MARIELA LOMBARD

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EXCLUSIVE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Daily News, L.P.


                             388 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Tyler Morning Telegraph (Texas)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 1, 2015 Thursday

2014 brings losses, change to nonprofit community

BYLINE: Emily Guevara, Tyler Morning Telegraph, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 827 words


Jan. 01--The nonprofit community saw many developments and a few losses in 2014,
but none so significant as the deaths of stalwart supporters Ed King and C.C.
Baker.

Both men gave generously of themselves through time, talents and treasure
throughout their lifetimes.

King owned two Tyler Chick-fil-A restaurants and Baker was a longtime educator
turned fundraiser/development official.

King and his wife, Sandra, contributed regularly to several institutions
including The Salvation Army, Meals on Wheels Ministry and the East Texas Food
Bank.

Baker was the founding president of the Samaritan Counseling Center and a past
board president for many organization including People Attempting To Help (PATH)
and Meals on Wheels Ministry.

King died on June 19, 2014. He was 77. Baker died on Nov. 28, 2014. He was 74.

Meeting needs

In addressing the needs of young women in crisis, several nonprofits experienced
growth and development in 2014.

The PREP Home, a Partners in Action ministry, announced its plans to open two
houses to serve its transitional living program for women 18 years and older.

The two-year program will serve women who have come out of sex trafficking and
want to earn a college degree, receive counseling and move forward in their
lives.

"Our organization is about restoration," PREP Home founder-director Donna Fraser
said in September. "It's about hope. It's about a positive avenue for these
girls."

Refuge of Light opened its safe home to its first resident in December. The
nonprofit is dedicated to establishing a long-term safe home to provide for the
physical, mental and spiritual healing of female sex trafficking victims under
the age of 18 within the United States.

Sex trafficking happens when people are forced or coerced into the commercial
sex trade against their will, according to the website of Polaris, an
organization that works to eradicate the networks that allow human trafficking
to prosper.

In addressing the needs of expectant mothers, The Magdalene Home announced the
upcoming opening of its crisis pregnancy home in Tyler.

First Baptist Church of Tyler's South Campus donated a house for the nonprofit
to use until a more permanent location is found.

The Magdalene Home aims to provide "an emotionally and spiritually safe and
nurturing environment for pregnant mothers as they are trained and equipped to
fulfill God's purpose in their lives," according to the organization's website.

Federal grant

Habitat for Humanity of Smith County received a $78,000-plus federal grant that
will enable the nonprofit to rehabilitate at least eight houses for low-income
residents.

Through the Housing Preservation Grant, which came from the U.S. Department of
Agriculture's Rural Development Office, and several others the nonprofit will
rehabilitate 46 houses for low-income residents.

Habitat for Humanity of Smith County's ReHabitat program, which was started in
2009, aims to provide low-income senior residents with critical repairs and
modifications to their houses, according to the nonprofit's website.

New building

The Salvation Army of Tyler Women's Auxiliary added a new building, which will
be used during its annual sales events.

The building, which is located next to the New Spence building on Spring Street,
was slated to be 3,750 square feet heated and cooled, with an overhead door at
the back parking lot for loading and unloading and a front facade resembling the
New Spence building.

Auxiliary President Jackie Stroud said in July that the building will be used
for clothing during sales, which will mean they don't have to stuff furniture
and clothes together.

The auxiliary exists to support The Salvation Army's mission. It works as an
extension of the army's advisory board.

The auxiliary owns its own buildings, which are used for the sales, and
generates funds outside of the $120,000 already committed to The Salvation Army
to pay for the building upkeep and operation. The new building's formal opening
is slated to happen early this year.

Civic organization dissolves

The Tyler Jaycees disbanded because of lack of membership. The service
organization had long spearheaded the community's annual fireworks show in
Lindsey Park, the downtown Christmas parade, an Easter egg hunt for the blind
and a haunted house.

The Jaycees organization began in St. Louis, Missouri in 1920, according to its
website.

Henry Giessenbier started it as a way to provide young people with leadership
opportunities gained through hands-on service in the community.

Despite the local organization's demise, the city of Tyler, with primary sponsor
state Sen. Kevin Eltife, coordinated a free fireworks show for the community.

Other sponsors included Mayor Martin Heines, Greenberg Smoked Turkey, the Tyler
Morning Telegraph, Jeff Buie Used Car Sales, Sunny 106.5 and other anonymous
donors.

___ (c)2015 Tyler Morning Telegraph (Tyler, Texas) Visit Tyler Morning Telegraph
(Tyler, Texas) at www.tylerpaper.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150101-TY-2014-brings-losses-change-to-nonprofit-community-20150101

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TY


                     Copyright 2015 Tyler Morning Telegraph


                             389 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                            October 11, 2004 Monday

Donovan Leading the Way Toward 65,000 Units of Affordable Housing

BYLINE: Dina Temple-Raston

SECTION: NEW YORK; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1113 words


Mayor Bloomberg has vowed to build 65,000 units of affordable housing by 2008,
and as his commissioner of housing preservation and development since March,
Shaun Donovan is spearheading that project. A former acting federal commissioner
of housing, Mr. Donovan sat down with The New York Sun's City Hall bureau chief,
Dina Temple-Raston, to discuss the city's progress in housing and the mayor's
emphasis on not only housing for the poor, but affordable housing for people
with annual income of as much as $75,000.

Q: The mayor has been focused on building not just lower-income housing, but
middle-income housing as well. Can you explain the rationale behind this?

A: My general perspective is that in most

parts of the country,

people who make an average income can find

decent housing. And the

real severe housing problems are really concentrated in the lowest-income
families. There is broad support in Washington on both sides of the aisle for
focusing federal housing resources on low-income people, and that generally
means below 80% of median income. The average income for Section 8 [federal
subsidy] families across the country is around $10,000 a year. We're talking
about the folks who need it the most.

But the New York housing market is very different. So what the mayor has done is
that we have to complement those federal resources with other resources. We will
help build new housing not just to the lowest-income families, but to those who
make $50,000 to $75,000 a year, because keeping and attracting that workforce to
New York is a real challenge. It is the teachers and the firefighters - all the
people who make the city work. We've had concerns about jobs going to New Jersey
- it is the back-office workers. It is folks who are making an average income.
The redevelopment of downtown Brooklyn, Long Island City, is not just about
office space, it is about how to make sure that we have affordable housing for
those folks as well. We really see the federal resources as a sort of bedrock
support for the low-income population, and we're going to use our city resources
targeted at income levels that the federal programs don't reach.

The mayor plans to build or renovate 65,000 units of affordable housing by 2008.
The sense among critics has always been that the mayor will never really get to
that number but will end up fudging the counting a bit to get there. Do you have
a system of counting that is true, or do things get double counted?

You would not believe the amount of time we spend making sure we are not double
counting. Because there are units that we work on in combination with the
Housing Development Corporation, there are units we are working on in
combination with the Housing Authority. We're fanatic about what we will count
and not count.

So what is the number right now?

We met our target last year of 10,200 units. Our goal for this year is that we
would do almost 16,000 units, and that would put us right on track for 40% of
the five-year goal. We've had to really accelerate this year. We

believe we are on track.

One of the best-kept secrets of housing is what has happened in this city.
People tend to forget that a couple of decades ago we had over 100,000
apartments that the city took in tax foreclosure. And June 30th, the end of our
fiscal year, we were down to 3,400. The steady state is that 200 to 250
buildings a year will continue to come through our tax lien sales. The whole
Marketplace Plan is where the new pipeline will come from.

There is no silver bullet, there is no single answer to that question. The first
thing is we're continuing to look for publicly controlled sites wherever we can.
We're talking to the Department of Transportation, we're talking to our sister
agencies, about what they may have at this point. And we're working with state
partners and others as well.

The other thing we're doing that I think is very important is that we're working
cooperatively with HUD. I have brought a new focus on that partnership with the
agency. There are thousands of units that are in foreclosure by FHA, the Federal
Housing Administration, both multi-family apartments and single-family houses,
and what we've said to HUD is we want to be your partner on those. Let us take
those properties and put them through the programs. It is almost as if we have
put a machine together to fix the apartments and now the question is what is the
raw material?

These HUD properties can be part of that raw material.

This seems like common sense. Why wasn't this done before?

I think that HUD, more and more, is recognizing the limits to what it can and
can't do. In the past they operated through their local offices rather than
working with the city. New York is in so many ways different, and I think they
recognize they can't make it work here without a local partner to help them. The
challenge I see in terms in reshaping the agency around the New Marketplace Plan
is we're doing all these things to work with government partners to get either
land or property that we can work with. At the same time we recognize the future
is going to be working with private developers on sites that we don't control,
and we have to find new tools to be able to do that.

For example?

The New Ventures Incentive Program is to say that we have gone from where you
couldn't give away land in the South Bronx and East New York, to now lots are
selling everywhere in the city for $50,000 to 100,000. Every sale is intensely
competitive.

The problem, if you are an affordable-housing developer, is that you can't go
and say, "I'd love to buy your piece of land, give me an option and in two years
I'll have my resources together because I have to apply for this, I have to
apply for that." So what we have to do is find a way to help those partners be
competitive in this marketplace. So what we are doing is saying, "Come to us and
we'll give you the early-stage financing so you can buy the property, hire your
architect to do drawings, all the pre-development work."

One of the other things you are doing is rezoning.

Every community has its own story on what it wants or doesn't want.
Greenpoint-Williamsburg has been vocally saying it wants more affordable
housing. Most of the debate is on income levels. I think that the issue you hear
more of is, we don't want overdevelopment in our neighborhoods. The mayor has
tried to be focused on what is right for the neighborhood. There are some places
we're down-zoning, like in Staten Island.

To me that's why the mayor has focused on housing as one of his signature
issues. I have yet to find a neighborhood where they think people who are making
$30,000, $40,000, $50,000, ought to be able to buy a house.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2004 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             390 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   October 11, 1989, Wednesday, Final Edition

Kemp Drafting Low-Income Housing Bills

BYLINE: Gwen Ifill, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A26

LENGTH: 562 words


Housing and Urban Development Secretary Jack Kemp, who last week released a
package of proposals designed to "clear the decks" of the scandal he inherited
from the Reagan administration, is readying a broader set of legislative
initiatives that would create enterprise zones and allow low-income tenants to
use rent vouchers for mortgage down payments.

The proposals, which have been on hold since the HUD scandal came to light last
spring, would represent Kemp's first attempt to place his ideological imprint on
the nation's housing policy.

In a meeting yesterday with Washington Post reporters and editors, Kemp said the
"scandalous" and "unseemly" revelations about the department have harmed former
president Ronald Reagan's conservative legacy, as well as that of his
predecessor as HUD secretary, Samuel R. Pierce Jr.

"It certainly stained Sam Pierce's administration, and it's certainly a mark on
the Reagan years," said Kemp.

Reagan will be blamed for HUD's problems, Kemp said, "because . . . any problem
that exists, to the extent that this has, on your watch is going to reflect on
you."

Kemp said he is seeking bipartisan support and sponsorship of the plan he
announced last week to tighten fiscal controls and revamp the way HUD awards
grants, and said he hopes it will clear the way for Congress to embrace the
other new legislative initiative that he called "the next step."

Kemp has long championed the idea of creating federally sponsored enterprise
zones in depressed areas, giving them tax breaks that he said "you could
characterize . . . as a loophole" in the tax code.

Another policy proposal, which has not yet received the approval of the Office
of Management and Budget, would aid tenants who live in buildings where
federally mandated rent ceilings are scheduled to expire within the next few
years. The National Low Income Housing Preservation Commission has estimated
that 2 million units of low-income rental housing could be lost as building
owners' federal contracts lapse and buildings are sold.

Kemp's plan would encourage home ownership among affected tenants, either
individually or through cooperatives, by giving them the right of first refusal
when buildings are sold and awarding them vouchers that can be accumulated and
treated as down payments.

"We are exploring [taking] the value of a voucher over, say, five years or
longer, and allowing the tenant to monetize the voucher for a down payment, if
they qualify over time to buy . . . kind of a lease-option," Kemp said.

Linda Parke Gallagher, executive director of the low income housing commission,
said Kemp's idea might work "in isolated cases" but would fall short of
addressing the larger problem of a shrinking low-income rental stock.

"When we are talking about people who are at 50 percent of median income . . .
it is a long haul [for them] to get into a position where they would be
responsible for home ownership," she said.

Some congressional staff members have questioned Kemp's ability to present new
policy initiatives when his management reform package has not yet been formally
presented to House and Senate committees. A Kemp aide said those proposals were
completed at HUD yesterday and are scheduled to undergo OMB review today.

"The fact is that the administration doesn't have its act together yet," one
Senate staff member said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post


                             391 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           February 9, 2005 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Bush Budget Would Cut Millions From City's Social Services

BYLINE: By IAN URBINA

SECTION: Section B; Column 3; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 800 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Feb. 8


New York City faces deep cuts in law enforcement and domestic security funds
under President Bush's proposed budget, but the largest reductions are likely to
be in social services, city officials said on Tuesday.

Under the proposed budget, released on Monday, the city faces the loss of its
$207 million Community Development Block Grant, which is used to pay for day
care centers, housing, services for the elderly and literacy training for the
poor. The city also stands to lose about $31 million from another poverty
reduction program that paid for after-school programs and English classes last
year for thousands of immigrants.

The community development grant program now provides $4.7 billion to cities and
towns nationally, but the budget would eliminate the grants, consolidating the
money from that program and 17 others into one $3.7 billion program. The
Commerce Department, rather than the Housing and Urban Development Department,
would oversee the new program.

The government now gives the money to the city without competition or a detailed
plan for how it will be spent, allowing it to move money around to its most
pressing needs, said Representative Jerrold L. Nadler, a New York Democrat.
Under the new program, he said, cities would have to propose their spending
plans in advance and compete with other localities for the funds, although New
York would almost certainly receive some of the money it now gets.

New York City, which is the largest of the program's more than 1,100 recipients
nationwide, received about $207 million in the block grants this year, used for
purposes like child care subsidies for the poor, emergency repairs in schools,
and upkeep of homeless shelters. In New York City, much of the grant money goes
toward addressing housing problems, rehabilitating dilapidated buildings,
cleaning up vacant lots and conducting lead abatement programs.

Carol Abrams, a spokeswoman for the city's Department of Housing Preservation
and Development, said the department used about $141 million from the grant each
year to rehabilitate affordable housing and to enforce city housing codes. The
cuts would mean that the department's lawyers would make about 3,300 fewer court
visits on behalf of tenants living in buildings owned by negligent landlords,
she said. The department would also have to reduce its housing code inspectors
by 130, she said.

Elected officials prepared for the annual rite of defending the city's
allocation.

''This is going to be brutal for New York City, because these grants are the
seed corn for urban development and job growth,'' said Senator Charles E.
Schumer, Democrat of New York. ''Really, they are the single most important tool
that cities like New York have to grow.''

Mr. Nadler said the cuts would mean a loss of about $2.5 million to his
district, which includes parts of Manhattan and Brooklyn, or the possible
elimination of 34 community-based organizations serving the elderly, the poor
and immigrants.

The city would also face the loss of the Community Services Block Grant, a
federal program that provided officials with $30.6 million last year for a
variety of human services, including tutoring more than 10,000 low-income
children and helping about 12,000 immigrants sign up for English classes.

''We're bracing for the worst,'' said William E. Rapfogel, who is the director
of the Metropolitan Council on Jewish Poverty, a nonprofit group that provides
home care to the elderly and runs a food pantry in the city serving about 13,000
households monthly. The group receives about $250,000 from the community
development grants and about $200,000 from the community services grants, said
Mr. Rapfogel, adding that requests for the group's services had doubled in the
past four years. ''There couldn't be a worse time for these types of cuts,'' he
said.

In law enforcement, the budget would cut 70 percent from the Community Oriented
Policing Services program. The reduction would lower the city's allocation by an
estimated $70 million, the equivalent of hiring about 900 new police officers,
the city's lobbyists said. Under the proposed budget, the city will also have to
begin paying for the $81 million that the federal government now provides the
Police Department for the jailing of noncitizens.

The budget also alters the way money from the Homeland Security Department is
doled out, shifting from a per capita formula to one based on risk assessment.
This move will probably result in a larger share of security money going to New
York City. However, because the government would shrink the total amount of
domestic security spending for programs that are most relevant to the city to
$2.2 billion from the current $2.7 billion, New York lawmakers predicted that
the city will receive less money than it does now.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                             392 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 17, 1985, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

PERSPECTIVES: CROSS SUBSIDIES;
NOW, THE LOWER EAST SIDE'S TURN

BYLINE: By Alan S. Oser

SECTION: Section 8; Page 6, Column 1; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 1372 words


WITH the Board of Estimate's approval last month of the sale of two vacant
buildings on the Lower East Side to a development company, the Koch
administration has launched its ambitious Cross-Subsidy Program in Manhattan.

If the program succeeds, it may be seen as justifying the extraordinary length
of time in which the city has stockpiled a substantial amount of vacant land and
building shells, much of which could support market-rate housing. As with
obsolete manufacturing zoning elsewhere in Manhattan and the proposed downzoning
of Staten Island's North Shore, the withholding of developable city-owned land
on the Lower East Side has tended to hinder housing production.

Under the cross-subsidy policy, the city sells vacant land or buildings to
developers in locations strong enough to justify market-rate construction. The
area involved runs from Avenue A and Chrystie Street on the west to Avenues D
and E on the east between 14th and Delancey Streets, with much of the property
north of Houston Street. Proceeds from the sales are used to improve
lower-income housing in the same general area.

The technique is already in operation in the Williamsburg section of Brooklyn,
where money raised in sales at four selected donor sites in a mostly Jewish
section have been channeled to recipient sites in a predominantly Hispanic
section.

By contrast, the city is disposing of its vacant land in central and southern
Staten Island through phased, open-market sales at public auctions. In those
areas, as in most of Manhattan, builders and lenders are confident of a market
for housing they can produce with little or no public assistance.

The city hopes that the cross-subsidy benefits for lower-income residents of the
Lower East Side will offset fears that private development will attract
middle-income outsiders and ''gentrify'' the area. But it is also recognized
that decent housing for low-income residents requires governmental assistance,
since they cannot afford the rents needed to rehabilitate old buildings.

The Department of Housing Preservation and Development has moved to try to win
community support, working through Community Board 3. The chairman of the board,
Alfred Marston, is also chairman of a Task Force on the Disposition of
City-Owned Property, on which 13 organizations sit.

Some of these organizations have taken the position that all the sites should be
used for low-income housing. But since that would probably be impractical even
if a Federal subsidy program for new low-income housing construction were in
place - and none is - the city is forced to an alternate solution if any support
for low-income shelter is to be extracted from the value of the land.

The linkage of city land sales to the goal of raising funds for lower-income
housing resembles in some ways the efforts of other cities, notably Boston and
San Francisco, to link approvals for new office construction to donations to
lower-income housing. What makes Manhattan unusual, housing specialists say, is
the remarkable turnaround in the market strength of residential areas that had
little value even 10 years ago.

The city is also unusual in its willingness to put that value to work in the
community itself, rather than citywide. Many other locations cannot support the
level of rents necessary either for new construction or for the rehabilitation
of existing, vacant city-owned buildings. Interviews with officials of the
Department of Housing Preservation and Development indicate that the
cross-subsidy program is moving forward on a site-by-site basis rather than in
accordance with an over-all land-use plan. There are 400 city-owned parcels in
the area - 183 vacant buildings, 83 occupied buildings and 134 vacant parcels.

Ronald J. Marino, deputy commissioner in charge of the Office of Development,
said there probably was a potential for 5,000 to 6,000 new housing units in the
area, ''probably two-thirds rehabilitation and one-third new construction.''
Construction would be phased over time, reaching a pace of perhaps 300 to 400
market-rate units a year.

There has been no over-all land-use study to appraise the market value of the
city's inventory. In the one sale that was approved by the Board of Estimate, a
developer paid $420,000 for two vacant buildings on East Second Street in which
42 apartments can be developed. The indicated land price was therefore $10,000
an apartment.

Commmissioner Marino said that two-thirds of the 5,000 to 6,000 developable
market-rate units probably would be done as gut rehabilitations, and one-third
as new construction. If the vacant buildings in which 3,300 market-rate
apartments could be built were sold for $10,000 an apartment, the buildings
would appear to have a total present value of $33 million. The vacant land might
have a current worth about 30 percent below that of the vacant buildings because
of the higher cost of new construction.

If sites were sold at a measured pace over a period of time, with the city
taking advantage of the rising value created by a renewed flow of population to
the depressed Lower East Side, the land probably would command far more than its
presumed present value.

On East Second Street, eight of the apartments are to be reserved for sale at
$39,000 to families with annual incomes of about $20,000. The other apartments
are expected to sell at prices of about $60,000 for a studio to $90,000 for a
two-bedroom. Buyers are to be offered State of New York Mortgage Agency loans so
that apartments will be affordable to people earning less that $40,000 a year.

In other locations it is likely that land would sell for more than $10,000 a
unit, because developers believe that higher prices can be achieved than the
East Second Street Development Corporation plans to charge. FOR example, at 216
East 7th Street, between Avenues B and C, a developer is offering 10 newly
renovated cooperative apartments through R. S. Realty Company at higher prices.
Seven of the apartments are 550-square-foot one-bedrooms, on the market at
$106,000. Two other apartments are selling for $116,000 and $120,000. The
sponsor is holding one apartment for his own use.

''Almost every building east of Avenue A that is not owned by the city has work
going on in it,'' said Helene Weitzner, a broker with R. S. Realty.

In its second-round cross-subsidy proposal on the Lower East Side, the
Department of Housing Preservation and Development has put before the community
board a plan to sell 19 lots on Avenue B, East 13th Street, East 10th Street,
Rivington Street and other streets for market-rate development of 272 apartments
in 15 buildings. A vacant site on East 13th Street with a potential for 10
apartments also would be sold.

Money realized in these sales would be used to upgrade two buildings with 44
apartments at 68 East 3d Street and 408 East 10th Street, which the Central
Management unit of the Division of Property Management runs for low-income
tenants, at an estimated cost of about $20,000 an apartment. Lesser amounts of
the revenue would be used for further repairs in buildings leased to tenant
organizations, and for further homesteading efforts.

Citywide, the city's inventory of tax-foreclosed housing has been growing. Three
years ago the Office of Property Management of the Department of Housing
Preservation and Development was saying that it had at last passed the point at
which the inflow of tax-foreclosed properties exceeded to outflow through sales
to owner-occupants, tenant or community associations or private buyers. At that
time there were 8,300 city-owned buildings.

But now there are 11,000 buildings in the inventory, said Joseph Shuldiner, the
deputy commissioner for property management. Of the total, about 6,000 are fully
vacant and 5,000 are occupied. There are about 45,000 occupied apartments. Most
are in locations in which there is no opportunity to sell sites to developers
for market-rate housing.

The Lower East Side is thus the potential beneficiary of a market upturn which
has made it possible, with city cooperation, to produce housing for
middle-income people, and provide housing assistance to lower-income residents
as well.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Vacant lot on East 5th Street site of proposed low income
housing; Map of city's property inventory on lower East side; Photo of E. 9th
St. cross subsidy sites (NYT/Nancy Keye)

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             393 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 6, 1984, Friday, Late City Final Edition

TOP STATE COURT RULES TRUMP IS ENTITLED TO TAX BREAK FOR MODTOWN TOWER

BYLINE: By DAVID MARGOLICK

SECTION: Section B; Page 1, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 763 words


The New York Court of Appeals ruled yesterday that under a state law designed to
encourage housing construction, the developer Donald Trump is entitled to a
10-year tax abatement for the Trump Tower on Fifth Avenue.

In a unanimous decision, the court, the state's highest, ruled that the law
applied to luxury apartment complexes as well as lower-income projects as long
as they were constructed on ''underutilized'' property.

The 59-story Trump Tower, where one-bedroom apartments sell for $500,000, is at
57th Street and Fifth Avenue, the former site of the Bonwit Teller department
store.

''The Legislature did not choose to restrict availability of this exemption to
construction of low- and middle-income housing,'' Judge Judith S. Kaye wrote for
the court. ''Thus, it is immaterial that luxury housing is at issue.''

The ruling culminates a four-year legal struggle over the abatement, which is
said to be worth as much as $50 million.

In a statement, Mayor Koch said the ruling was ''outrageous'' and ''unfair.''

No Legal Recourse


''Most people in this state, including me, believe that this program was
intended to stimulate much-needed housing construction in areas where no housing
would otherwise be built,'' the Mayor said. ''Now the Court of Appeals has found
that some of the most expensive and luxurious accommodations, not only in the
United States but in the world, are entitled to a tax break. Does that make
sense? Not to me.''

Because the state's highest court had ruled on the matter, the city has no
further legal recourse in the case.

However, Mr. Koch said that under legislation signed yesterday by Governor
Cuomo, the City Council and the city's Board of Estimate will be able to
delineate what areas of the city should be covered by the tax law.

Mr. Trump termed the decision ''a very positive thing for the city'' and
predicted that it would encourage further development throughout the city.

''Because Trump Tower is housing the most successful and wealthiest people in
the world, the city decided to take a stand,'' he said. ''It was unfair, and the
courts have concurred.''

Two-thirds of the tower is residential. Its tenants include Paul Anka, Sophia
Loren and Steven Spielberg.

Under the 1971 statute - Section 421 of the state's Real Property Law -
dwellings erected on sites that are either ''vacant, predominantly vacant or
underutilized'' are eligible for partial tax abatements. The tax reductions
extend over a 10-year period, with taxes rising gradually in that time until
they reflect the full assessed value of the building.

The statute provides no definition of ''underutilization.'' The court noted,
however, that as of Oct. 1, 1971, only 66 percent of the permissible floor area
and 60 percent of the square footage available to Bonwit was then being used.
This, the court said, constituted underutilization.

A 1971 Memorandum


The law was enacted to spur construction of multiple dwellings to meet a housing
shortage in the state. A memorandum written in 1971 by the city's legislative
representative said that ''no efforts should be spared to increase the number of
safe and decent dwelling units in our cities.''

Mr. Trump first applied for the abatement in 1980. On two occasions, Anthony B.
Gliedman, the city's Commissioner of Housing Preservation and Development,
denied his request on the ground that the site was not underutilized. The Bonwit
building, the Commissioner noted, produced annual revenues of about $30 million.

Twice, his decision was reversed in lower courts and reinstated by the Appellate
Division of State Supreme Court.

In 1982, Justice Arnold L. Fein of the Appellate Division wrote that
''correction of a housing shortage by offering limited tax incentives hardly
contemplates the grant of benefits at the most choice, already adequately
utilized location in Manhattan to create residential luxury apartments at the
top end of the luxury scale.''

Twice, the Court of Appeals has ruled unanimously in Mr. Trump's favor. Each
time, it has held that the city has imposed limitations on the law beyond those
that the Legislature contemplated.

The statute, Judge Kaye wrote, ''requires only 'underutilization' of the land.''
The regulations issued by the city's Housing Preservation and Development
Department, she concluded, ''improperly add a requirement not found in the
statute.''

Charles H. Perkins, an assistant commissioner in the housing agency, said the
decision would ''cost the city tax dollars it shouldn't be costing us.''


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of Donald Trump

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             394 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           March 29, 2000, Wednesday

GARDEN SPOTS BITING DUST      CITY LOTS GOING UP FOR SALE

BYLINE: BY RALPH R. ORTEGA DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SUBURBAN; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 771 words

Unsuspecting green thumbs in the South Bronx and Brooklyn are about to see their
beloved community gardens plowed under by a new city home ownership plan.

Three South Bronx gardens and 17 in East New York and Brownsville are up for
grabs under a streamlined plan designed to attract developers to what the city
calls its last "unimproved, derelict and vacant lots."

After a backlash against last year's auction of community garden sites, the city
quietly made the current slate of sites available this month without notifying
the affected gardeners that their lands were being targeted.

"We hang out here. We eat here. We grow things here," said Malta Velez, reacting
to the fate of her treasured Daly Ave. garden in the South Bronx.

"There are so many other vacant lots around," she said. "Why do they have to
pick on ours?"

Carol Abrams, city Department of Housing Preservation and Development
spokeswoman, said notifying the community gardeners would have been premature
because the developers have yet to be chosen.

"We would only notify gardeners if development of the site is imminent," Abrams
said.

The department plans to unload the gardens and 46 other vacant lots in the Bronx
and Brooklyn under its New Foundations home ownership program, which makes the
development process more flexible.

Incentives include speedy regulatory approvals and no income restrictions for
potential homebuyers. The developer, however, cannot take advantage of any
public subsidies.

Requests for proposals to build one- to four-family owner-occupied homes and
cooperative/condominium units on the sites were issued this month.

The department expects to choose developers by summer, with construction to
begin in the winter.

Ximena Naranja, associate director for Green Guerrillas, a community garden
advocacy group, said that even at this early stage, the community gardeners
should not have been kept in the dark.

It reduces their chances, she said, of fighting for the gardens, which she
dubbed "outdoor community centers."

Local residents, standing outside what they call the Daly Ave. garden's cozy
casita - a shack made from scraps of green painted plywood - acknowledged that
theirs was a temporary, month-to-month city lease for use of the land.

But they insisted that their green space and others deserve to survive alongside
new housing, not be replaced by it.

"We can't do anything without this garden," said Jorge Torres, 52, head of the
block association that runs the garden.

Torres, a former migrant farmworker, noted the scarcity of parks in the area and
recalled the joy of plunging his hands into his local garden's soil after it was
founded six years ago.

"I felt like I was back in Puerto Rico," he said. "The only thing you couldn't
grow here was bananas and batatas [sweet potatoes], because of the colder
climate."

Crops are serious business on Daly Ave., where gardeners often compete to see
who can grow the biggest corn and plumpest tomatoes.

But they also have fun with the land, a large, shabby lot spread between two
apartment buildings.

Puerto Rican folk songs are sung at birthday and holiday parties there, complete
with lechon asado - a pig slow-roasted to perfection over a barbecue pit.

Then there are those who make themselves at home among the garden's replanted
Christmas trees, newly sprouted black raspberry vines and golden daffodils.

"After five, 10, or 15 years in a community, there's nothing temporary about a
community garden," said Naranja. "They really become part of the social fabric
in these neighborhoods."GRAPHIC:SIDEBAR: Community gardens slated for
developmentSOUTH BRONX

Volky Garden and Flowers, 851 Hornaday Place

2001-2007 Daly Ave. Block Association, 2001-2007 Daly Ave.

Amigos Unidos del Bronx, 750-760 E. 152nd St.

EAST NEW YORK, BROOKLYN

United Neighbors, 435-7 Glenmore Ave.

C.B. Community Service, 223-7 Vermont St.

Jesus Barreto, 461-7 Glenmore Ave.

468 Glenmore Block Association, 462-4 Glenmore Ave.

Pennsylvania Ave. Club, 312 Pennsylvania Ave.

St. John Cantius Parish, 476-84 New Jersey Ave.

First Temple of David/Good Neighbors Block Association, 494     Bradford St.

PS 53, 522 Bradford St.  BROWNSVILLE, BROOKLYN

Tapscott & Union St. Block Association, 2007 E. New York Ave.

Bristol St. Gardeners, 102-6 Bristol St.

The 10 Neighbors, 658 Saratoga Ave.

Sutter Ave. Block Association, 615 Saratoga Ave.

Over 50 Club, 181 Legion St.

Herzl St. Block Association, 250-4 Herzl St.

Herzl St. Block Association, 235-7 Herzl St.

Bristol St. Community Garden, 156 Riverdale Ave.

Gethsemane Baptist Church, Newport St.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NEIL SCHNEIDER TROUBLE AHEAD Green Guerrilla member Wilfredo Roman
discusses last year's pumpkin crop with Karen Washington and Ximena Naranja at
site of Daly Ave. garden.

                        Copyright 2000 Daily News, L.P.


                             395 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Clinton's FY95 Budget Proposal Allots $500 Million for New Enterprise Zones

                           February 8, 1994, Tuesday

Joan Pryde

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


President Clinton's fiscal 1995 budget plan proposes awarding $500 million in
federal grants under the new enterprise zone program that could be used to repay
tax-exempt bonds issued for zone businesses.

The budget plan, which was released yesterday, also proposes freezing spending
on the Community Development Block Grant program at 1994 levels and cutting
funding for the HOME housing affordability program.

The enterprise zone grants "would complement other federal resources" and "could
be used for a range of activities, at local discretion, including repayment of
debt financed by municipal bonds," the budget document states.

Administration officials began accepting applications last month from urban and
rural areas seeking to be designated as one of the 104 enterprise zones created
by the new tax law. Yesterday in its budget plan, the administration said it
would announce its selections by August.

The Department of Housing and Urban Development and the Department of
Agriculture will designate two types of zones: nine empowerment zones, with a
wide array of benefits, and 95 enterprise communities, with a narrower range of
benefits. Both types will be eligible to issue a new category of tax-exempt bond
to fund zone businesses.

The new type of bond is an exempt-facility bond that is subject to the
private-activity volume cap. The amount that can be issued for a business in any
one zone is capped at $3 million. The limit that any one business can use
overall is $20 million.

Elsewhere in the HUD budget, the administration proposed $4.4 billion for the
Community Development Block Grant program in fiscal 1995, which would keep the
program at its 1994 funding level. For Section 8 and other related rental
subsidy programs, the administration is proposing an increase to $9.47 billion
in 1995 from $9.31 billion in 1994.

But the administration also proposed cutting nearly $3.1 billion from a variety
of other HUD programs, including the HOME program. The administration is
proposing $1 billion in 1995 for HOME, compared with the 1994 level of $1.275
billion.

The HOME program requires the federal government to match contributions that
state and local governments make to low-income rental and home ownership
projects.

HUD Secretary Henry Cisneros told reporters that the $275 million cut does not
reflect a lack of commitment by HUD to the program, but rather an
acknowledgement that states and cities are not spending the money fast enough to
justify keeping HOME at the 1994 level.

"It's a good program, and it's picking up steam," Cisneros said. "But a
significant amount of money has not been spent in it." Lobbyists have attributed
the spending delays to cumbersome HUD regulations, which Cisneros has promised
to try to improve.

Cisneros also said that in future years it is likely that the funding level will
climb again, "as soon as we can see that levels of demand make it imperative."

Other HUD programs that fell under the budget axe include a program for
low-income housing preservation, which would be terminated, and a program for
public housing development, which would be cut to $150 million in 1995 from $598
million in 1994.

The HUD budget also proposes creating a program that would "support efforts to
address the community development needs of severely distressed settlements along
the U.S.-Mexico border." Under the program, $100 million would be spent in
fiscal 1995 to aid the so-called colonias.

SECTION: FISCAL 1995: CLINTON'S BUDGET; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 580 words

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1994 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             396 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                             June 16, 2002, Sunday

NEIGHBORHOOD REPORT     HUNTS POINT HOUSING IS COMPLETED

SECTION: SUBURBAN; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 240 words

Mayor Bloomberg joined Hunts Point community leaders and housing officials last
week to celebrate the completion of Hunts Point Chazen Homes, the first new
affordable housing complex in the neighborhood in 30 years.

The 42 two-family and three-family homes, on Bryant Ave. between Lafayette and
Seneca Aves., were built through the Partnership New Homes Program, a
public/private initiative of the New York City Housing Partnership and the city
Department of Housing Preservation and Development.

The complex was made possible in part through financial support of venture
capitalist and Liz Claibourne Inc. co-founder Jerome Chazen, who grew up on the
actual site of the development.

New econ chief

The Bronx's official economic engine has a new engineer.

Rafael Salaberrios, a prominent banker and businessman, was named this week by
Borough President Adolfo Carrion as president of the Bronx Overall Economic
Development Corp. - which, in addition to spurring business development,
oversees several million dollars in federal Empowerment Zone funding for job
development.

Salaberrios, 46, of Riverdale is a manager for Hudson Bay Environment.

Scholarships for 10

Ten college-bound seniors were each awarded $1,000 scholarships through the
Power to Learn Program sponsored by Cablevision.

The students also were presented with certificates of merit by Bronx Borough
President Adolfo Carrion at ceremonies held Thursday.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2002 Daily News, L.P.


                             397 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              May 14, 2010 Friday

The Journal Record Business Briefs: May 14, 2010

BYLINE: The Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1221  words


TU's Business College receives certificate in knowledge management The
University of Tulsa's Collins College of Business Center for Executive and
Professional Development has been awarded a new certificate in Integrated
Knowledge and Project Management. The three-course certificate for business and
industry offers a platform for taking lessons from projects and incorporating
data and the human process improvements back into the company's organizational
knowledge base. "Many companies are beginning to realize that baby boomer
retirement may mean key operational knowledge literally walks out the door,"
said Linda Adlof, director of the Center for Executive and Professional
Development. "Organizational knowledge may be a company's competitive advantage.
Certificate participants will learn a model for capturing and transferring the
knowledge not just for the next project, but for the long-term sustainability of
the company. " This three-course certificate, presented in partnership with
consultant Chuck Tyron, is comprised of three single-day courses - Project Based
Knowledge Management, Modern Project Management and Creating Quality Plans.
Participants may enroll in individual courses or the three-day certificate. A
single course is $395 and the fee for all three courses is $995. For
information, call (918) 631-2784.

Cole appoints Powell as field representative U.S. Sen. Tom Cole, R-Okla., has
appointed Tyler Powell as field representative in the Lawton region. Powell will
be replacing Keri Dennis, who has accepted a position with Triangle Insurance
Co. Powell recently graduated from Oklahoma State University with a degree in
agribusiness. He served as an intern in the Oklahoma House and Senate
agriculture committees.

U.S. Cellular expands Sapulpa area network U.S. Cellular has completed
construction of an additional cell site in Sapulpa. A new 105-foot site off of
Highway 66 near E. Line Street will increase U.S. Cellular's coverage for the
east side of the city of Sapulpa and will also complement U.S. Cellular's
statewide network of 635 towers.

Frontier Country offers 'Hour with an Expert' Frontier Country Marketing
Association's "Hour With an Expert" marketing meeting is scheduled at 10 a.m.
Thursday at the Cox Media offices, 6301 Waterford Blvd., Suite 305, Oklahoma
City. Topics will include using Cox Media's entertainment networks for
marketing. "It seems like we are all hesitant when it comes to selling our
product on television," said Sherri Rogers, executive director of Frontier
Country Marketing Association. "This is a great opportunity to overcome any
fears and concerns our tourism businesses may have. Additionally, we will learn
more about its affordability, what networks work best for showcasing our
products and the best ways to reach our target markets. " The marketing meeting
is free to all Frontier Country members and $10 for nonmembers. Call (405)
232-6552 by Tuesday for reservations.

USDA seeks applicants for rural housing grant program The U.S. Department of
Agriculture Rural Development is accepting applications for the Housing
Preservation Grant program. June 28 is the deadline for organizations to file
applications, said Ryan McMullen, USDA Rural Development state director. The
program is part of the Obama administration's efforts to improve access to
affordable housing in rural areas, McMullen said. Applicants may include public
agencies, nonprofit organizations and federally recognized tribal governments
that will use the grant money to assist very low- and low-income rural
homeowners repair their homes. The program offers assistance to rental property
owners and cooperative housing complexes in rural areas to rehabilitate units in
exchange for making the units available to very low- and low-income people. Last
year, five Oklahoma organizations shared nearly $250,000 in grant awards to help
about 60 individuals. Last year's projects ranged from providing storm shelters,
to replacing leaking roofs or deteriorated siding, to installing windows, doors,
and insulation. "I am confident that Oklahoma organizations will continue to
submit solid applications to this unique federal program," said McMullen. "The
small taxpayer investment and very modest home improvements can make a very
large impact in the lives of rural Oklahomans. " For information, call (800)
522-3819.

Sandler Training opens in Oklahoma City Sandler Training, a corporate training
organization, has opened an office in Oklahoma City. Mike Crandall is owner and
principal of Sandler Training in Oklahoma City. He has management experience
with DeWalt/Black and Decker, James Hardie Building Products and Propex.
Crandall is a graduate of the University of Nebraska and has a master's of
business administration from Oklahoma Christian University. Founded in 1967,
Sandler Training provides sales, management and leadership training. Sandler's
network includes more than 250 trainers and consultants.

Public meeting set on Drinking Water State Revolving Fund The Water Quality
Division of the Department of Environmental Quality has scheduled a public
hearing on the Drinking Water State Revolving Fund at 1:30 p.m. June 14 at DEQ's
Oklahoma City offices, 707 N. Robinson Ave., Oklahoma City. The meeting was
scheduled to answer questions and receive public input on the state fiscal year
2011 intended use plan, the priority ranking system and the project priority
list for the Drinking Water State Revolving Fund. The intended use plan outlines
uses for federal money allocated to Oklahoma and lists the projects as ranked
for financing by the priority ranking system. The Drinking Water State Revolving
Fund was established by the passage of the Safe Drinking Water Act Amendments of
1996. The act authorized money to be used by states to establish a revolving
loan fund to address drinking water infrastructure needs and correct other water
system deficiencies that might result in violations of drinking water standards.
A copy of the draft plan will be available at www.deq.state.ok.us/WQDnew/dwsrf.

18 Tulsa Shock games to be televised At least 18 of the Tulsa Shock's 34
regular-season WNBA games will be televised. Cox Communications will air 15
Shock basketball games on the Cox Channel, including five games that will also
appear on Fox Sports Oklahoma simultaneously and one exclusively. Two games will
be televised nationally on ESPN2. "This is yet another milestone for our
organization in partnering with two great local media partners in Cox
Communications and Fox Sports Oklahoma," said Steve Swetoha, Tulsa Shock
president. "We appreciate the support and fervor with which this agreement came
about. " The first televised game was the season opener on Saturday against the
Minnesota Lynx. The next televised will be the game Thursday against the San
Antonio Silver Stars at the BOK Center in Tulsa, which will be televised on the
Cox Channel and Fox Sports Oklahoma. Games on May 25 against the Phoenix
Mercury, the defending WNBA champion, and June 13 against the Los Angeles Sparks
will be televised nationally on ESPN2. The Shock, owned by a group of investors
led by Oklahoma businessmen Bill Cameron and David Box, moved to Tulsa from
Detroit in October. Nolan Richardson was named general manager and head coach
shortly thereafter. The WNBA has 12 teams.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             398 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Monitor (McAllen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 12, 2009 Monday

Funding, bureaucracy threaten Mercedes low-income community

BYLINE: Jeremy Roebuck, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1962 words


Oct. 12--MERCEDES -- The small television, the pink bedroom decor, the family
photos that fill every inch of wall space and counter surface -- these are the
things that make Elida Garcia's apartment a home.

The 73-year-old has lived in the same one-bedroom unit at Mercedes Palms
Apartments -- a government-subsidized, low-income housing complex -- for more
than a quarter of her life. And over time, the space has collected enough
knickknacks, assorted curios and other bits of life detritus to make the
apartment more than just a place to live.

Her onetime neighbor Velma Cano found similar security in the closeness of good
schools for her children. For Maria Espinosa, it was the complex's community of
good neighbors and friends.

But it's easy to take these comforts of home for granted. One month, children
are playing in the yard with chatting parents looking on. The next, it's too
dangerous for them to go out at night, and an eviction notice could be in the
next day's mail.

For the last two years, the tenants of Mercedes Palms have lived on the edge of
uncertainty. A bureaucratic hiccup within the U.S. Department of Housing and
Urban Development forced the complex's owners into foreclosure, forced dozens
out of their units, and jeopardized the ability of those who stayed to continue
to afford their rents.

Now, at a time when housing options are becoming harder and harder to find for
low-income Rio Grande Valley renters, no one can say for sure how much longer
the complex can remain a viable subsidized rent community -- the type of place
with which Garcia, Cano and Espinosa fell in love.

"It started with a relatively small problem and just grew and grew and grew,"
said Jack Cann, an attorney with the Minnesota-based Housing Preservation
Project who has taken an interest in the case. "At every step, HUD just took the
wrong action. In a lot of ways, this really is one of the most outrageous cases
I have ever seen."

A NEW START

On any given day the residents of Mercedes Palms -- located at 685 Chapman St.,
near the intersection of Business 83 and Farm-to-Market Road 491 -- can be seen
outside their apartments watering plants, unloading groceries or shuttling
children to school.

They are a mix of mostly Hispanic, elderly, disabled or single-parent
households. The majority pay heavily subsidized rents at a government-set rate
of no more than one-third of their income.

As early as 1985, tax records show, Mercedes Palms was operating under a HUD
initiative called the Housing Assistance Payments Program, developed at the time
as the department was shifting away from its old model of government-run housing
projects for the poor.

HUD had successfully enticed private management companies across the country to
lease whole complexes to low-income renters through contracts that ensured the
government would make up the difference between what tenants could pay and
fair-market rents.

In 2006, Houston-based W&K Properties of Texas became one of 18,000 companies
nationwide involved in the HAP program. It bought Mercedes Palms that year,
contractually agreed to renovate its apartments and signed a use agreement that
stipulated the complex would remain low-income housing for the next two decades.

HUD, in turn, agreed to start sending rent subsidy checks to W&K once it
verified that at least a portion of the community's 48-units had been brought up
to government standards.

By March 2007, the company had rehabilitated half of the apartments, making it
possible for families like the Espinosas to move in to the place. The unit they
lived in could never have been described as luxurious. But it was more than
adequate and offered a standard of living a far cry from the sacrifices they
would have to make if they were forced to pay the area's $610 fair-market rent.

Several other families moved in around them, paying rents as low as $200 a
month.

"The schools were very good and close by. The complex was close to our
workplaces," Maria Espinosa said. "We built many good relationships."

But the government money that supported their affordable housing never made it
to W&K. A funding shortfall in 2007 delayed payments to hundreds of companies in
the HAP program.

And without those subsidies, the company's renovation of Mercedes Palms came to
a halt. It started falling behind on water bills and missing mortgage payments.

A year after the company promised to bring a new start to the property, the
complex was facing foreclosure.

FUNDING CRISIS

Funding for affordable housing has always been seen as somewhat of a luxury in
the halls of Congress. Unlike other federal entitlement programs like food
stamps or Medicare, the government is under no obligation to provide housing
assistance to all who qualify. According to HUD estimates, only one in four
eligible households receives it.

So as legislators continually slashed the department's budgets in the early
2000s, HUD began to have trouble meeting its obligations under its HAP
contracts, John W. Cox, the department's chief financial officer at the time,
told a congressional subcommittee in 2007.

A 2008 study by the U.S. Government Accountability Office -- a nonpartisan
congressional watchdog -- found property management companies with which HUD
contracted were struggling to stay afloat.

"Project owners have expressed concern that HUD has chronically made late
housing assistance payments in recent years, potentially compromising their
ability to pay operating expenses, make mortgage payments or set aside funds for
repair," it states.

Cann, with the Housing Preservation Project, saw similar situations pop up in
HAP communities across the country.

"I don't know how many projects we've encountered like this in the past years --
Florida, Las Vegas, Pittsburgh, St. Louis," he said. "The general pattern was
just to let things slide until they got really bad. Then, HUD just terminates
the contract, tells the tenants to take Section 8 vouchers and leave."

The federal Section 8 Rental Voucher Program increases affordable housing
choices for very low-income households by allowing families to choose privately
owned rental housing and subsidizing their rents.

For the tenants of Mercedes Palms, the marching orders came two months before
Christmas.

In October 2007, HUD had cancelled its contract with W&K, citing the company's
failure to finish its rehabilitation of the complex -- a project the company had
intended to fund with its government subsidy money.

The decision, though, was just a formality. The company had been out of the
picture since July, when its mortgage lender foreclosed on the property.

But despite the funding crisis in Washington and W&K's financial problems at
home, Mercedes Palms' tenants were shielded from most of the effects.

That is, until they were told to get out. On Oct. 19, each was handed a Section
8 voucher, told they could continue their rent subsidy somewhere else and
ordered to leave the property by the end of the year.

For single mother Velma Cano and her three preteen boys, the timing couldn't
have been worse.

"The thought of not having Christmas for my sons to try to save money to move
was very sad," she said. "I was unemployed and had very little income. I
couldn't afford to move or pay new deposits."

PROBLEMS MOUNT

A move two months before Christmas would pose a logistical challenge for anyone.
But for many of Mercedes Palms' tenants, the prospect of finding a new place to
live raised other problems.

Elida Garcia, a 73-year-old asthmatic with fresh scars from a recent open-heart
surgery, couldn't easily bear the physical exertions of moving.

Rosa Rivas was single and pregnant at the time.

"I had no money for deposits or moving costs," she said. "There was no one to
help me move."

Several of the tenants, including Garcia and Rivas, filed a lawsuit against HUD
days before their removal date in hopes of blocking their evictions. Since HUD
had approved half of the complex's units as up to standards under its contract
with W&K, they saw no reason they couldn't use the Section 8 vouchers at
Mercedes Palms.

Others, fearing they would lose their government assistance, moved out despite
the burden.

But for those who stayed, problems continued to mount through 2008.

A management company hadn't paid the $25,000 water bill that had accrued over a
period of months, and residents lived under constant fear that their utilities
would be shut off.

Lydia Benavides, the property manager, continued to look after the residents as
best she could even after the company folded -- a noble effort that became more
burdensome once the city of Mercedes cut off power and air conditioning to the
apartment offices.

And then there were the vandals. With the majority of the units vacated,
Mercedes Palms became an easy target for petty criminals. Residents like
75-year-old Osvaldo Loera lived in constant fear that thieves intent on breaking
in to steal appliances or copper wiring out of the walls could mistake an
occupied apartment for an empty one.

"They would call me crying," said Linley Boone, an attorney with Texas RioGrande
Legal Aid who is representing the tenants in their suit. "HUD was just not
realizing what was happening to real people here."

FRESH START OR FINAL ACT?

Today, Mercedes Palms has come a long way from the nights Velma Cano and her
sons put dressers in front of their windows and slept together in one room for
safety.

Four months after telling the residents that they needed to leave, HUD reversed
itself and agreed that those who wanted to stay could do so.

A new company -- Pharr Plantation Inc. -- bought the property in May 2008,
tightened security, rehabilitated many of the damaged apartments, and attracted
many new residents.

However, questions linger as to how long its low-income renters can stay there.

HUD rejected Pharr Plantation's attempts to sign a HAP contract with the agency
that would provide the subsidies needed to keep Mercedes Palms a viable
business. The department is ending the program and is no longer taking new
applicants, government attorney David Louis Guerra said at a recent court
hearing.

But the original W&K use agreement tied to the land requires any new owner to
maintain the complex as affordable housing until 2026, and HUD has appeared
disinclined to let the company out of that stipulation.

For now, Pharr Plantation has allowed its low-income residents to remain in
their apartments at government-subsidized rent levels partly out of generosity
and partly out of obligation. But it's unclear how long this situation can hold.

"They're damned if they do and damned if they don't," said Jim Grissom, an
attorney for the property management company. "They can't get assistance from
HUD. And if they raise the rent to median income, they violate the use agreement
and would be subject to penalties.

"So they're just treading water."

Elida Garcia knows this situation can't last forever.

Because she lives on government assistance, she realizes she can't be too choosy
if Pharr Plantation eventually raises her rent and prices her out of her
apartment. But for now, the 73-year-old has no choice but to enjoy her small TV,
her girlishly pink bedroom and the family photos on her walls for as long as she
can.

"I wouldn't want to trade it for any other place," she said. "It's my home."

___

Jeremy Roebuck covers courts and general assignments for The Monitor. You can
reach him at (956) 683-4437.

To see more of The Monitor, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.themonitor.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20091012-MC-Funding-bureaucracy-threaten-Mercedes-low-income-community-1012

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MC


                           Copyright 2009 The Monitor


                             399 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                              July 6, 2014 Sunday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

Well-plant units

BYLINE: Joey Scarborough

SECTION: BRONX BORO NEWS; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 199 words


IT'S AFFORDABLE housing with a side of greens.

Residents of five recently rehabilitated buildings in Hunts Point-Longwood can
now take advantage of Kelly St. Green, an urban garden that runs along their
backyards.

The landscaped and planted areas that make up the garden behind the buildings
include thousands of plants that will produce up to $43,000 in fresh food each
growing season, officials said. Equally important, it will capture about 13,500
gallons of stormwater each time it rains - or more than 250,000 gallons per
year.

The project was funded with a $237,000 grant from the city Department of
Environmental Protection.

The 13,000-square-foot green space, which opened earlier this month, put the
crowning touch on the revitalization of 916, 920, 924, 928 and 935 Kelly St. by
Workforce Housing Group and the city Department of Housing Preservation and
Development.

Workforce Housing Group worked with the city agencies, the Banana Kelly
Community Imoprovement Asssociation and GrowNYC to build the garden behind five
formerly distressed properties, which were rescued from foreclosure,
rehabilitated and preserved as affordable housing.

The original tenants moved back home early last year.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NLVL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Daily News, L.P.


                             400 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 9, 1981, Friday, Late City Final Edition

A RENAISSANCE IN A FORGOTTEN NEIGHBORHOOD;
The Talk of Heights-Inwood

BYLINE: By MOLLY IVINS

SECTION: Section B; Page 1, Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1987 words


North of 155th Street in Manhattan is an area that its residents like to call
the real Upper West Side. Unlike the lower Upper West Side, it is a section
where people do not roller-skate plugged into a tape-cassette, there are no
hanging plants in the bars and the perils of gentrification are still a few
years off. The miracle is that gentrification is even in sight for
Heights-Inwood.

Washington Heights and Inwood were separate neighborhoods 30 years ago, the
Heights mostly Jewish and Inwood mostly Irish. Now both are mostly Hispanic and
they have become Heights-Inwood, one of the city's most successful examples of
how to resurrect a neighborhood.

Ten years ago, Heights-Inwood was on the skids, headed straight for the same
fate as the South Bronx. Much of the housing had deteriorated and suspicious
fires left ugly gaps. Junkies hung around the corners and longtime residents
were moving out, headed for New Jersey or Long Island.

But the nei ghborhood has been turned around in a remarkably short time and Rudy
Garcia, editor of the Heights-Inwood newspaper, said, ''Now all I'm afraid of is
an invasion of hanging plants.''

''Good people,'' said Anne Loftus, district manager of Community Board 12,
''that's what makes the difference up here.''

Money also helped. In the last four years, more than $100 million in city, state
and Federal funds has gone into housing in Heights-Inwood through such programs
as tax abatement for rehabilitation, participation loans and landmarks
preservation subsidies.

The Community Preservation Corporation, a consortium of banks, has renovated
more than 100 buildings during the same period, a sort of reverse ''redlining.''
The neighborhood's main commercial artery, 181st Street, is being decked out
with trees and fancy sidewalks through a community development grant.

Barbara Leeds, director of the the Washington Heights Neighborhood Preservation
Project, a city office in existence since 1974, said that about 10 percent of
the housing in the area had been rehabilitated. ''The guts of the program is
moderate rehabilitation with tenants in occupancy,'' she said. ''No
displacement. Moderate rent increases.''

City takeovers for failure to pay taxes are down significantly in four years,
from 250 to 49 buildings a year, according to the city's Department of Housing
Preservation and Development. During a recent sale of city-owned housing in the
area, one building sold for $160,000, a city record.

''Housing is the best barometer of a neighborhood,'' said Betty Clark, who lives
in the area and works there as an aide to State Senator Franz S. Leichter. ''If
you've got good housing stock that will attract good residents and in turn good
schools and business, then racial composition becomes irrelevant.

''You know, two years ago we had a community planning seminar and we were asked
our dreams for the neighborhood. I said my dream was that Washington
Heights-Inwood should have to worry about gentrification. Two years ago, that
was a funny line.''

With one-bedroom apartments in good condition available at $350 a month, the
attraction of Heights-Inwood is clear. In addition to being cheap, the
neighborhood has some of the city's loveliest parks. Fort Tryon, the site of the
Cloisters, is the best known, but even bigger is Inwood Hill Park.

Inwood Hill offers real forests and spectacular views of the Hudson and Spuyten
Duyvil. It is also where the Indians cheated Peter Minuit out of 60 guilders -
they didn't own the island. Indians were still living in shanties in the park
until the 1930's.

On what would be the east side of Heights-Inwood (locals are proud of the fact
that there is no East Side - it gives out at 175th Street) is High Bridge Park.
High Bridge needs attention, but work is being done on it.

There are about 180,000 people in Heights-I nwood, according to the City
Planning Commission, and about 53 percen t of them are Hispanic. Elsewhere in
the city, schools are being clos ed for lack of use. But in Heights-Inwood,
where schoolchildren are o verwhelmingly Hispanic, the city has to build new
schools because the existing ones are at 111 percent of capacity.

Heights-Inwood residents tend to have a strong sense of neighborhood -in part
because they feel people keep forgetting about them. For example, a deputy mayor
is quoted in the current issue of National Geographic, in an essay on Manhattan,
saying, ''It many ways it has become two cities: Manhattan south of 96th Street,
which is doing great, and all the rest.''

''Downtown,'' which is what the uptowners call midtown, is as much a concept as
a geographical entity in Heights-Inwood. It is the place where people believe
the Upper Manhattan neighborhood is not even in Manhattan. For example, an early
version of the City Council's controversial redistricting plan put Inwood into a
Bronx district. A headline in the weekly Heights-Inwood that week said, ''The
Bronx? No Thonx!''

The largest employer in the area is the Columbia Presbyterian Medical Center,
which is actually two institutions. The Columbia College of Physicians and
Surgeons employs 3,200 people, less than half from the immediate community.
Presbyterian Hospital employs 5,600, about one-fourth from the neighborhood,
according to its public relations department.

Another large employer is the Metropolitan Transportation Authority, which has
repair barns in northern Manhattan.  Heights-Inwood does not have much industry,
and many of its new residents commute to New Jersey to work in unskilled or
semi-skilled jobs.

When former Senator Jacob K. Javits, George Washington High School, Class of
1920, moved to the Heights from the Lower East Side, he thought it was the cou
ntry. He reports in his autobiography that mostof his classm ates were Christian
and well-to-do.

Councilman at Large Henry J. Stern, a Manhattan Liberal who grew up in Inwood a
generation later, recalls that there were certain blocks where the Jewish
children couldn't walk without getting beaten up by the Irish.

''It was O.K. if they knew you,'' he said. ''I was a Jewish kid on an Irish
block so I had immunity there, but my brother was afraid to go to school. There
were gangs then, like the Shamrocks and the Satans, but they didn't knife you or
shoot you. They just beat you up. No, intergroup tensions didn't start when the
Puerto Ricans moved in.''

Inwood is still amazingly Irish. Frank Foley, a patron at the Park Gate Bar near
Fort Tryon Park, said, ''It's a stable neighborhood because all those who were
going to leave have left and the others are going out feet first.'' A sign in
the window of the Park Gate says, ''WANTED for Murder and Torture of Irish
Prisoners.'' The picture is of Margaret Thatcher.

Tommy, the bartender, reported with some disgust that a rival bar owner actually
had a brunch, with fancy food and all, on the occasion of the recent royal
wedding so his customers could watch it on television.

''I thought he was out of his mind when I first heard of it,'' Tommy said, ''but
you know what? People actually came. Can you believe it?''

Inwood residents of an age to remember when there was still a farm in Manhattan,
recall a cleaner, friendlier neighborhood. Grade school basketball was a big
thing then and Friday night dances at Good Shepherd, or Our Lady Queen of
Martyrs or St. Elizabeth's.

Lew Alcindor played for Good Shepherd some years before he changed his name to
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar. Neighborhood residents greet newspaper reports that Mr.
Jabbar grew up ''in the slums of Harlem'' with some derision.

Heights-Inwood is not wine and Perrier country. The Irish like a beer and a shot
while the Hispanic people drink mostly beer and they have a habit of lining up
the bottles neatly.

Rudy Garcia, who is of Puerto Rican and Mexican descent, has lived in
Heights-Inwood since 1938 and watched several waves of Hispanics arrive.

''The Puerto Ricans started coming up even before World War II from East
Harlem,'' he said. ''They were starting to make it and in a sense took flight.
They were working-class people, usually union, in the needle trades. It
continued as a trickling thing, and there was never a big wave until the Cuban
migration of the early 60's.''

According to Mr. Garcia and others, the Puerto Ricans initially welcomed the
Cubans. The saying at the time was that ''Puerto Rico and Cuba are two wings of
the same bird.'' But as more and more Cubans arrived, eventually becoming the
most numerous sub-ethnic group in the area, frictions developed, apparently
based on class antagonism.

''The first influx of Cubans was upper middle-class people, profes sionals, the
landed gentry as it were,' ' said Mr. Garcia.  ''After a while there was some
resentment bec ause they had a tendencyto lord it over others about all they had
bef ore they left Cuba and Puerto Rico was not an independent country. A nd by
then Puerto Ricanshad an image as welfare-dependent so they wou ld put us down
for that.''

The Cubans, being middle class, promptly established themselves in commerce, and
still own many of the stores in the Hispanic shopping areas, for example along
Dyckman Street.

''But they did not contribute much to the community because they thought of
themselves as transients, not citizens,'' said Mr. Garcia. ''Either they were
going back to Cuba after they overthrew Castro or they were going to Union City
in Jersey. Either way, they thought Heights-Inwood was just a stopping-off
place.''

Peter Bonachea, president of the Latin American Chamber of Commerce, said,
''There is a real degree of cooperation among the Hispanic groups. We do have
differences but there are two reasons why they are not so important.

''One is that in most Latin-American countries problems of race are relatively
unimportant. We are white and black and mulatto and that is not so much a point
of friction. There may be discrimination, but it is to a lesser degree among
Hispanics. Also, since we are all Hispanic in an Anglo-Saxon country, this
creates a common denominator.''

Mr. Garcia and others say both Puerto Ricans and Cubans have had a lot of
problems adjusting to living with people from the Dominican Republic, who are
now the largest sub-group. The Dominicans tend to be very political - and there
are political storefronts all over the neighborhood. Unfortunately, this is
mostly still Dominican politics.

Msg r. Thoma s Leonard of Incarnation Church said his parish, which held its
firs t church dance for Dominicans 10 years ago, will hold its first Ecu adorean
dance this month. The new Latin-American immigrants te nd not to be the very
poor because some money is required just to travel to the United States.

Capt. Martin Feltman of the 34th Precinct said, ''I gather from what I hear that
the first-wave Cubans resent the flotilla Cubans more than anyone else.''

Captain Feltman said that crime in Heights-Inwood was below the city average;
the only felony category that is up from last year is auto theft. The special
problems of the precinct include drug buyers who come over from New Jersey
because the George Washington Bridge is so handy and teen-agers who come over
because the drinking age is lower than in the Garden State.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: Photo of Msgr. Thomas Leonard (Page B5) Map of Manhattan
Photo of 181 st. Photo of Anne Loftus Photo of Peter Bonachea

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             401 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 24, 1991, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Q and A

BYLINE: By BRUCE LAMBERT

SECTION: Section 10; Page 7; Column 5; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 605 words



Rent-Rise Exemptions

Question: I live in a rent-stabilized apartment and would like to know about the
rent-increase exemption program for senior citizens. Where can I get
information? . . . Claire D. Taylor, Floral Park, Queens 1

Answer: Call the New York City Housing Preservation and Development Department's
rent-exemption office at 240-7000. Some Nassau and Westchester municipalities
also offer exemptions to their residents. The State Division of Housing and
Community Renewal provides information on those programs at (516) 481-9494 and
(914) 948-4434. Thomas R. Viola, spokesman for the division, said regulated
localities grant full or partial exemptions from rent increases to tenants 62
years of age or older who meet varying local income limits. In New York City,
the limit is $15,000, but certain expenses can be excluded. Landlords are
compensated for the lost rent through reductions in their tax bills.

Co-op Rental Liability

Question: The owner of the co-op we rent told us when we moved in that the
air-conditioner was not installed, but instead balanced on the windowsill. When
an unaware guest raised the window, the air-conditioner crashed to the ground.
Luckily, no one was injured. Now the landlord says he will deduct its price from
our security deposit. We believe he was negligent. Are we responsible? . . .
Lynn O'Kelley, Manhattan

Answer: Probably not. Michael R. Finder, a housing lawyer in Manhattan, said
both sides were negligent, but standard leases generally hold landlords
responsible for maintaining major appliances. You could sue in Small Claims
Court to recover any withheld security money. Vahe Tiryakian, spokesman for the
New York City Buildings Department, said the Building Code in general requires
owners to maintain safe buildings. Specifically, Local Law 10, the facade safety
law, requires owners of buildings over six stories to have the exterior walls
and appurtenances -- including air-conditioners -- inspected every five years.

Co-op Tax Deductions

Question: What determines tax deductions on co-ops? Do all apartments in a
building, regardless of size, have the same deduction? Can the deduction change?
If so, what would cause that? . . . L. Landis, Manhattan

Answer: In nearly all co-ps, the co-op corporation may allocate to each
owner-resident a proportionate share of what it pays each year for local
property taxes and interest on the building's mortgage. Residents may then
deduct their shares of the building's payout from their taxable income along
with whatever interest they pay on their own apartment mortgages.

The size of the shares is determined by the size and location of the apartments.
Larger apartments and those on higher floors usually pay more in maintenance
charges each month and consequently they get larger income tax deduction shares.
The shares are fixed, but the taxes paid by the building may change annually
because of changing assessments and tax rates. The mortgage interest is more
stable but also may change if the rate is adjustable or if the loan is
refinanced.

Mark B. Shernicoff, a Manhattan accountant and treasurer of the Council of New
York Cooperatives, said co-op managements notify stockholders of their allowable
deductions early each year so they may meet the April 15 income-tax deadline. He
said deductibility is often expressed as a percentage of the maintenance fee. Or
it may be given as a dollar amount for each share of the corporation's stock
held by an owner.

Homeowners, including co-op owners, may claim deductions for only two
residences, Mr. Shernicoff said.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing

TYPE: Question

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                             402 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            July 13, 2011 Wednesday

St. Paul Foundation to give $2.53M to nonprofits

BYLINE: By Frederick Melo fmelo@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: RAMSEY COUNTY; Minnesota-Twin Cities

LENGTH: 601 words


The St. Paul Foundation is issuing 50 grants totaling $2.53 million to help
wide-ranging nonprofit efforts in the Twin Cities and around the country. The
grants will support education, the arts, environmental programs, housing, and
health and human services, including New York-based Teach for America, which
plans to install recent college graduates or working professionals who are not
teachers by training in the St. Paul public schools.

The school district also will receive $75,000 toward its "Strong Schools, Strong
Communities" strategic plan, a three-year effort to shift focus toward
neighborhood schooling and away from busing. The Minneapolis-based Alliance of
Early Childhood Professionals will receive $40,000 toward an expansion of its
teaching program in the east metro.

The Admission Possible organization, a St. Paul nonprofit that prepares
minorities and low-income students from 17 Twin Cities high schools for college,
will receive $40,000 toward a program that tracks and works with its alumni.
Executive Director Sara Dziuk said the money will help with additional
curriculum for high school graduates. Students are paired with "college coaches"
from the AmeriCorps program to find financial aid, tutoring and other on-campus
resources.

"We help them transition to college, and we support them throughout their years
of college, no matter where they're going to college or what year of college
they're in," Dziuk said.

The foundation also is putting $10,000 toward Springboard for the Arts, a
Lowertown organization that helps artists connect with business resources.
Executive director Laura Zabel said the funds will go toward the salary of a
new, full-time employee, Jun-Li Wang, who will work with Lowertown artists as
construction of the 11-mile Central Corridor Light Rail Transit line from
Minneapolis to St. Paul transforms their neighborhood.

"We're really looking for ways to make the artist population more visible in
Lowertown," Zabel said. "A lot of the development that has happened there is
because artists live there. There's a common story in urban areas where
development moves in because the artists are there and, suddenly, the artists
can't afford to live there anymore."

The Park Square Theatre Company will receive $350,000 toward adding a second
stage within St. Paul's historic Hamm building. Another St. Paul theatrical
organization, Theater Mu Inc., will receive $15,000 to expand its "Community
Stories" program, which pairs teaching artists with students to perform stories
about their life experiences and traditional stories from their family
homelands.

House of Knowledge in St. Paul will get $30,000 for an adult day care program. A
Minneapolis organization, Free Arts for Abused Children of Minnesota, will
receive $40,000 to expand its weekly youth mentoring program into St. Paul.

A number of grants support housing initiatives related to the foreclosure crisis
that has impacted many low-income neighborhoods throughout the Twin Cities.

In St. Paul, the Minnesota Home Ownership Center will receive $25,000 for its
foreclosure prevention programs, and the Housing Preservation Project will
receive $25,000 toward similar efforts throughout the east metro.

Renters will benefit, too. The Greater Frogtown Community Development
Corporation will receive $50,000 toward a program that refurbishes vacant and
abandoned homes and turns them into CDC rental property. The Minneapolis-based
Home Line agency, a statewide tenant advocacy group, will receive $15,000 toward
establishing a "Tenant Hotline" for the east metro.

Frederick Melo can be reached at 651-228-2172.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             403 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 28, 1996, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

NEIGHBORHOOD REPORT: HARLEM;
Tempest in the Town Houses

BYLINE: By JANET ALLON

SECTION: Section 13;  Page 8;  Column 1;  The City Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 512 words


When they were completed early last year, the St. Charles Condominiums on
Frederick Douglass Boulevard were something of an anomaly: city- and
state-subsidized housing that was attractive. The 116 two- and three-bedroom
units in town houses from 136th to 138th Streets blended design elements from
nearby Striver's Row brownstones and earned prestigious design awards.

Some 700 families with incomes from $35,000 to $60,00 applied to buy the units,
which were priced from $108,000 to $135,000. All were sold before the project
was finished, and St. Charles Condominiums was hailed as a victory for home
ownership in Harlem.

Now, the St. Charles development team -- John L. Edmonds, a lawyer who is a
fixture in Harlem community development, and the Seavey Organization -- have
been designated by the Department of Housing Preservation and Development to
build more town houses, on 117th Street near Lenox Avenue. But residents of the
St. Charles are demanding that before they be allowed to proceed with new
buildings, the developers remedy a host of problems at the existing ones,
including rodents and sewage backups.

When Mr. Edmonds and Seavey presented drawings for the proposed development,
Graham Court Gardens, at a Community Board 10 meeting last month, angry St.
Charles residents voiced their complaints. "We're asking you to stop this
project," said one, Mill Smith. Last week, board leaders decided to withhold
support for the Graham Court Gardens until problems at the St. Charles are
resolved.

"The toilets back up in the downstairs unit," said Ron Davis, the head of one of
four homeowner groups. "The waste backs up and gets all over the place." Also
troubling, he says, is the fact that only one apartment in each two-unit town
house has access to a main water valve. Drafty windows, loose doors and cold
kitchen floors are among other problems that people are "seriously upset" about,
he said.

Mr. Edmonds insists that such problems are to be expected in a project like the
St. Charles. "It's like buying a new Mercedes and some little thing doesn't
work," he said, "and I'm like, 'Gee whiz, I just paid $50,000 for this.' "

The New York City Housing Partnership, a nonprofit group that helped assemble
subsidies and bank loans for the St. Charles and expects to do so for Graham
Court Gardens, said it had not heard of problems until the community board
meeting.  "We have a system for tracking complaints," said Kathy Wylde, the head
of the partnership, "and no one had registered a complaint."

The developers, homeowners and Councilwoman C. Virginia Fields met recently to
work out a plan to address the concerns. The developers agreed to hire an
engineer to find the cause of sewage backups. They have also promised to
schedule walk-through appointments in each apartment and repair what they can.
"In general," Ms. Fields said, "I support this kind of home ownership program in
Harlem. "But it's very disturbing to me that there may have been a number of
questionable construction decisions in this project."   JANET ALLON

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Residents of St. Charles Condominiums complain of sewage
backups. (Don Hogan Charles/The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                             404 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                            October 12, 2004 Tuesday

NEW YORK TO WIN RECORD $1 BILLION GRANT FOR AFFORDABLE HOUSING

BYLINE: By DINA TEMPLE - RASTON, Staff Reporter of the Sun

SECTION: FRONT PAGE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 826 words


Mayor Bloomberg's push to create 65,000 new units of affordable housing in New
York by 2008 is getting a $1 billion shot in the arm this week when a national
pioneer in the creation of affordable housing, the Maryland-based Enterprise
Foundation, announces its intention to provide its largest contribution to the
city.

Officials familiar with the discussions told The New York Sun the $1 billion
donation is aimed at helping the mayor with his $3 billion New Housing

Marketplace program, which set the goal of building or preserving 65,000 new
homes and apartments in the five boroughs over a five-year period beginning last
year.

One official characterized the foundation money as the "biggest cash infusion
given to a city from the Enterprise Foundation ever." To put it in perspective,
the Enterprise Foundation will give the city in just five years what it had
previously provided to New York over the past 15 years in equity, grants, and
loans.

How the money will be parceled out and if there is a deadline by which the city
has to use the money is unclear. It is also unclear why the group has decided to
step up so drastically its contributions to the city. The foundation previously
pledged to commit just $5 million in grants to New York by 2007, according to
its Web site. The foundation, which typically works as the syndicator on
projects, has brought in agencies like Fannie Mae, among others, as primary
investors in affordable-housing programs.

Mr. Bloomberg is expected to announce the $1 billion donation during an address
Thursday at the foundation's annual network conference at the Marriott Marquis.

The foundation's projects in New York have run the gamut. According to
Enterprise, it has worked in Chinatown, Harlem, the South Bronx, and the
Bedford-Stuyvesant section of Brooklyn to develop more than 16,000 apartments
and renovate more than 950 formerly abandoned buildings in the city.

Enterprise was a key player, for example, in the opening in 1988 of Equality
House on Eldridge Street on the Lower East Side, which provided 60 units for
families and senior citizens in 3 rehabilitated buildings. The housing was
created for low-income families with annual income of no more than $37,000.
Rents for one-bedroom apartments there today are only about $500 a month.

The foundation's latest contribution comes at a time when the city is close to
exhausting its usual sources for creating affordable housing: buildings bought
because of foreclosures, or tax liens, or renovations. The commissioner of the
city's Department of Housing Preservation and Development, Shaun Donovan, told
the Sun in an interview last week that the city is trolling for new sources of
housing.

"People tend to forget that a couple of decades ago we had over 100,000
apartments that the city took in tax foreclosure," Mr. Donovan said. "On June
30th, the end of our fiscal year, we were down to 3,400. The steady state is
that 200 to 250 buildings a year will continue to come through our tax-lien
sales, but the whole Marketplace Plan is where the new pipeline will come from."

The Enterprise Foundation money could help the city push ahead on a number of
fronts. Mr. Donovan's department has already started an extensive rezoning
program, in which manufacturing and waterfront properties are being retooled for
residential use. Similarly, the housing commissioner is also looking at
"brownfield" sites and vacant lots near existing housing projects as sites for
new units.

More recently, the agency has focused on a New Ventures Incentive Program to
provide developers of affordable housing the capital to allow them to get in
early and compete to buy properties that go up for sale. Then, a year later,
when they have all their financing together, the developers can repay the city,
at a low interest rate, and get the project done.

"New York is the poster child of why you need this because it is such a
competitive market," Mr. Donovan said.

The Enterprise Foundation was the brainchild of James Rouse, a Baltimore
developer who began building planned communities and moved into creating housing
for the poor. In the past 22 years, Enterprise has had a hand in creating
160,000 units of inexpensive housing across the country and infused some $5
billion into national affordable-housing efforts.

Mr. Donovan, without getting into the nuts and bolts of the agreement, confirmed
that a major infusion of money would be coming from Enterprise Foundation. If
the foundation's past housing initiatives are any indication, it is likely to
use the money in its capacity as an intermediary, bringing together public
agencies and private lenders, developers and contractors, and providing money to
transfer title of city-held properties to developers and local organizations.

The initial capital for the Enterprise Foundation came from the Rouse Corp. The
first affordable-housing project in which the foundation invested was in the
Adams-Morgan neighborhood of Washington, D.C.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2004 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             405 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                          February 18, 2004 Wednesday

RACE TO BECOME HOUSING CHIEF DOWN TO THREE

BYLINE: By JULIE SATOW, Staff Reporter of the Sun

SECTION: NEW YORK; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 439 words


The list of candidates to become city housing commissioner, a post left vacant
following the resignation of Jerilyn Perine last month, has been narrowed to
three finalists, The New York Sun has learned.

The three are the managing director of Prudential Mortgage Capital Company,
Shaun Donovan, the managing director of the New York office of Local Initiatives
Support Corporation, Denise Scott,and First Deputy Housing Commissioner John
Warren, according to a source familiar with the process.

Mayor Bloomberg's office, which has been searching for a replacement for Ms.
Perine, is expected to announce the hire within days, sources say.

Ms. Perine, who serves as head of the Housing Preservation and Development
Department and chairwoman of the Housing Development Corporation's board, is
leaving to spend more time with her family. She is remaining in her position
until it is filled.

A spokeswoman for HPD, Carol Abrams, declined to comment.

Mr. Donovan runs the Prudential group that handles mortgage loans insured by the
Federal Housing Administration and affordable-housing investments. He was a
deputy assistant secretary for multifamily housing at the Department of Housing
and Urban Development during the Clinton administration. He did not return calls
seeking comment.

Ms. Scott runs the local chapter of LISC, a nonprofit community development
support organization that secures grants, loans, and equity for investments in
community development organizations. According to its Web site, LISC and its
affiliates have invested more than $1 billion in nonprofit and local developers
that has resulted in the creation of more than 300 new homes, 20,000 new
apartments, and 1 million square feet of commercial, industrial, and retail
space in the city.

Ms. Scott confirmed she had interviewed for the housing commissioner post, but
said she had not yet heard about any decision.

Mr. Warren is a longtime employee of HPD, having joined the ranks in 1988 as a
planner for the Division of Homeless Housing Development. He is now first deputy
commissioner, and was previously deputy commissioner of property management and
assistant commissioner of the Division of Alternative Management Programs.

"Each candidate brings his and her own unique talents to the job," a source told
the Sun. He noted that Ms. Perine was promoted from within the organization, and
that if the Bloomberg administration wants to continue that trend, it will
likely go with Mr. Warren.

Another factor is the recent criticism of the Bloomberg administration for the
number of African-Americans it employs. That could give the edge to Ms. Scott,
who is African-American.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2004 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             406 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 2, 1983, Friday, Late City Final Edition

ABOUT REAL ESTATE;
COMPLETION OF WEST SIDE PLAN SOUGHT

BYLINE: By LEE A. DANIELS

SECTION: Section B; Page 7, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 880 words


Two decades after it was started by Mayor Robert F. Wagner and 12 years after it
was to have been completed, the West Side Urban Renewal Plan may at last be
approaching its final realization.

uf812 The Koch administration, which in 1981 took over responsibility for the
plan from the Federal Government, is trying to bring to fruition the development
plans for the last seven vacant parcels on which new buildings will rise and to
complete plans for the rehabilitation of existing properties on four other
parcels.

City housing officials said the various renovation programs would upgrade 90 to
120 apartments. The new- development plans, involving a mix of town houses and
low- to high-rise buildings, would produce a total of about 1,300 new housing
units.

Roughly 70 percent of these new units would be priced at market rates - for
rentals, cooperatives or condominiums - according to Robert Reach of the
Department of Housing Preservation and Development.

This ratio reflects the Koch administration's two goals as it completes the
fifth and final revision of the original plan. The goals are to reap substantial
tax revenues from what is now valuable property and to further economic
integration in the area.

This policy, in turn, results largely from the success of the plan in providing
housing for people with low to middle incomes and in aiding the renaissance of
the entire West Side.

Since 1958, in the 20-block area bounded by Central Park West, Amsterdam Avenue,
West 87th Street and West 97th Street, nearly 600 substandard buildings
containing 5,400 dilapidated apartments have been demolished. In their place
have come nearly 5,400 Government-subsidized apartments in more than 130 new and
renovated properties. The latest of them, a 168-unit development for the elderly
on Columbus Avenue between 88th and 89th Streets, will soon open.

Also, about 2,300 apartments in the area have been renovated privately.

Of the sites now scheduled for new construction, six are on Columbus Avenue and
one is on Amsterdam Avenue. Four of the sites involve subsidy programs to make
some of the apartments available to people with low to moderate incomes.

Mr. Reach, who is director of housing planning for Manhattan, said the plans for
these sites have these two things in common: They will be built less densely
than the zoning allows, and they will have as much ground floor commercial space
as possible.

These are the sites:


- A 275-unit building on a 13,597- square-foot parcel on Amsterdam Avenue
between 89th and 90th Streets. It will be divided between 80 percent at market
rates and 20 percent internally subsidized.


- A 90-unit building on a 17,521- square-foot parcel on Columbus Avenue between
87th and 88th Streets. The apartments will be priced at market rates.


- A 166-unit building on an 80,567- square-foot parcel on Columbus Avenue
between 89th and 90th Street. Twenty percent of the apartments will be
subsidized through the Federal Section 8 program. A 17,500- square-foot plot on
the site has been reserved for a community garden.


- A 111-unit building on a 27,191- square-foot parcel on Columbus Avenue between
88th and 89th Streets. It will all be priced at market rates.


- A 162-unit building on a 25,179- square-foot parcel on Columbus Avenue between
95th and 96th Streets. It, too, will offer 80 percent of the apartments at
market rates, which will subsidize the costs of the 20 percent reserved for
those with low to moderate incomes.


- A 207-unit building on a 40,323- square-foot parcel on Columbus Avenue between
96th and 97th Streets. Of the apartments, 80 percent will be priced at market
rates. Twenty percent of the apartments are reserved for those with low to
moderate incomes. The total costs of these units will be subsidized by those
market rates. The building will also contain the Ryan Health Center, now at
another West Side site.

The city is still devising a plan for a 30,123-square-foot parcel on Columbus
Avenue between 90th and 91st Streets. That plan will be presented to the West
Side's Community Board at a public meeting Tuesday.

The planned rehabilitation projects include renovation and expansion of the
Claremont Riding Academy on West 89th Street, renovation of other buildings on
West 89th Street for Ballet Hispanico and two sites on West 92d Street reserved
for expansion of the Columbia Prep and Grammar School.

The urban renewal plan was a monumental undertaking in its scope, in its
accomplishments and in the controversy it engendered.

Those fierce disputes - mainly over the ''correct'' proportion of subsidized
housing to market-rate housing - have now abated. Nevertheless, despite the
plans to complete the program, some uncertainties remain about the financing
that will be available to the developers.

Anthony B. Gliedman, the city housing commissioner, said the city would take
parcels away from the designated developers if they proved unable to build on
them quickly.

The plan, he said, has already carved its niche in the history of New York.

''It was designed as a plan for an economically and racially integrated
community, and that's what has happened and is happening,'' Mr. Gliedman said.
''It has given that area a foundation that will last for decades.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             407 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              January 10, 1985, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

TEMPERATURES PLUMMET TO WINTER'S LOWEST

BYLINE: By WILLIAM R. GREER

SECTION: Section B; Page 1, Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 678 words


A blast of Arctic air plunged the temperature in the New York area to the
winter's lowest levels, bringing complaints from thousands of residents without
heat, stalling commuters whose cars would not start and sending record numbers
of homeless men and women to shelters.

New York City filled all 863 of its beds for homeless women Tuesday night and
was adding emergency beds yesterday to make room for more homeless women last
night, according to a spokesman for the city's Human Resources Administration,
Jack Deacy.

''We are at record numbers, there's no doubt,'' Mr. Deacy said. ''We do expect
with this cold wave continuing that they will go up.''

The temperature dropped to a low yesterday of 16 degrees in Central Park at 5
A.M., according to the National Weather Service.

Although the record low for the day, minus 1 in 1968, was not broken, the
subfreezing temperatures came as a sudden surprise to many in the city, which
had the warmest December in the 115 years that the Weather Service has been
keeping records.

''It has certainly been a very mild winter,'' said Tom Grant, the lead
forecaster for the National Weather Service in New York, ''but now nature is
balancing the scales.''

Mr. Grant said the temperature would rise to around freezing by this afternoon
as a storm moved into the Northeast from the Gulf of Mexico.

Signs of the cold could be seen throughout the city yesterday. A fruit and
vegetable seller on Ninth Avenue pulled his produce inside to keep it from
freezing. At the Bronx Terminal Market two men warmed their hands over a
cardboard fire in a metal drum. A man lying on a bench in Bryant Park wrapped
himself in sheets, like a cocoon.

There were 7,055 single homeless men and women in the shelters Tuesday night,
according to Suzanne Trazoff, a spokesman for the Human Resources
Administration, which runs the city's 19 shelters. The nightly average in
December was 5,846. The city also housed about 3,227 families, about 11,000
individuals.

Mrs. Trazoff said the agency was sending vans out and assigning employees to
train and bus stations and subway terminals to look for the homeless.

The city's telephone line for heat complaints was receiving 400 to 450 calls an
hour from tenants, according to a spokesman for the City Department of Housing,
Preservation and Development, Roz Post.

In Manhattan, a special telephone line set up by the Borough President's office
to answer heat complaints received 250 calls by yesterday afternoon - a record,
said a spokesman, Michael Rosano.

The Automobile Club of New York, with members in the five boroughs and nine
suburban counties, received 412 calls during the peak commuting hour from 8 A.M.
to 9 A.M. from drivers whose car batteries had died, according to a spokesman,
Robert Lavner. He said the usual number on a winter morning was 115.

There was no halt in outdoor work yesterday, although winter rules applied.  At
the construction site for the new Jacob K. Javits Convention Center of New York
on 11th Avenue, John Wilson and six other workers were a third of the way
through caulking 60,000 feet of a glass curtain wall. They were staying on the
sunny side of the building.

''I'm 29 years in the business,'' Mr. Wilson said. ''If you're smart, you hit
the south or the east side of the wall on a day like today. It's like Florida.''

On the Henry Hudson Parkway, Ronald Buonpastore and a work crew were patching
gaping holes in the turnouts. By noon they were on their fifth one.

''You have to work fast when it's this cold,'' said Mr. Buonpastore, who drives
the steam roller. ''Once the asphalt gets cold, forget about it. It cakes up and
you can't budge it.''

Under an overpass at the Bronx Terminal Market, James Austin, who had spent a
very cold night unloading vegetables, stood with two friends next to a fire in a
steel drum. Each time the fire died down, he threw in a wooden crate.

''When I get warm,'' he said, ''I'm going home and get in bed and watch
television. But I don't want to leave this barrel.''


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of John Roberts and Scott Gises; photo of James Austin; photo of
Andrew Karamouzis

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             408 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 31, 2000, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Q. & A.;
Permission To Sublet Apartment

SECTION: Section 11; Page 4; Column 1; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 688 words



Q. My lease says I am not allowed to sublet my apartment without my landlord's
prior written consent. If my landlord refuses to approve a perfectly qualified
subtenant, can I legally circumvent the subletting restriction by designating an
occupant as a roommate? . . . Christopher Sedan, the Bronx.

A "A tenant cannot legally circumvent the requirement to get a landlord's prior
written consent to sublet by designating an occupant as a roommate," said Luise
A. Barrack, a Manhattan real estate lawyer. "A sublet contemplates that the
tenant is vacating an apartment for a period of time and that during that period
the subtenant will occupy the premises."

Ms. Barrack said that sublets of non-rent-regulated apartments in buildings with
more than four rental units are governed by the state's Real Property Law.
Sublets of rent-stabilized apartments, she said, are governed by both the Real
Property Law and the Rent Stabilization Code. In either case, Ms. Barrack said,
the Real Property Law provides that a landlord's consent to a sublet cannot be
unreasonably withheld.

If the landlord refuses to grant a reasonable request for a sublet, Ms. Barrack
said, a tenant can commence an action against the landlord in State Supreme
Court.

Alternatively, she said, the tenant can go through with the sublet even if the
landlord says no, and then raise the landlord's unreasonable denial as a defense
if the landlord takes him to court.

"But a tenant who sublets an apartment without even seeking the landlord's
consent does so at his peril," Ms. Barrack said, adding that in such a case the
landlord can take the tenant to court to compel him to "cure" the illegal sublet
by getting rid of the subtenant. And that, she said, could result in the tenant
having to file an eviction action against the subtenant if the subtenant refuses
to leave voluntarily.

Moreover, Ms. Barrack said, the court could hold the losing party responsible
for the winning party's legal fees if there is a clause in the lease that
provides for such a remedy.

Adding Son's Name To a Lease

Q. I have lived in a Mitchell-Lama apartment for the last nine years.  My son, a
junior in college, has always lived with me, and his name has been included on
every yearly income affidavit I have filed. As a concerned single mother, I've
always wanted to have his name added to the lease. However, the management says
that that is not possible. I was told that he would have succession rights
should anything happen to me, but why can't I add his name to the lease? . . .
Renee Belzile, Manhattan.

A. Arthur Gussaroff, a Manhattan real estate lawyer who specializes in
Mitchell-Lama housing, said that since the son is a family member who has been
living with the letter writer the entire time she has been in the apartment, he
would clearly have succession rights to the apartment on his mother's death --
even though his name is not currently on the lease -- provided he doesn't move
out in the meantime.

Mr. Gussaroff said that there is nothing in the state or city Mitchell-Lama
regulations that would prohibit a housing company from refusing to add a new
individual to a lease unless and until that person is entitled to exercise
succession rights. He added, however, that a housing company that has such a
policy must apply it consistently.

"If the management refuses to add the son to the lease, and the mother believes
that the refusal is not applied equally to all people in similar situations, the
mother's recourse would be to file an appeal of the refusal with the regulatory
agency supervising the development," Mr. Gussaroff said.

He said that for state Mitchell-Lama buildings, the supervising agency is the
State Division of Housing and Community Renewal. Housing companies formed under
the New York City Mitchell-Lama program, Mr. Gussaroff said, are supervised by
the city's Department of Housing Preservation and Development.

The number to call for the Division of Housing and Community Renewal is (212)
480-6444; the number for the Department of Housing Preservation and Development
is (212) 863-6500.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Question

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                             409 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                          February 10, 1996, Saturday

EMPOWER STRUGGLE OVER NEW ZONE

BYLINE: By PETER GRANT

SECTION: News; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 401 words


A prominent Hispanic member of the newly created economic empowerment zone
charged that the zone's board is failing to hire enough Hispanics as it gears up
to spend $ 300 million in poor areas.

In a letter to zone board chairman Richard Parsons, Wilfredo Laboy complained
that five consultants named earlier this week included only one Hispanic. He
pointed out the zone will serve Hispanics living in Harlem, Inwood, Washington
Heights and the South Bronx.

"It is unacceptable to me what has happened," stated Laboy, the director of
Community School District 4.

Laboy's criticisms mark the first controversy to hit the zone since it was
launched last month to help some of the poorest parts of the city.

The dispute reflects a history of long-running tensions between the black and
Hispanic communities in Harlem over control of this project.

It also comes as friction is growing over who will head the zone and how much
control Rep. Charles Rangel (D-Manhattan) will have. Rangel sponsored
legislation that led to the zone's creation.

Sources said the search for a chief executive bogged down this week when Deborah
Wright, city commissioner of Housing Preservation and Development, turned down
the job.

Another choice, Eugene McCabe, president of North General Hospital in Manhattan,
also passed, sources said.

The consultants named this week include several top black executives such as
Luther Ragin, chief financial officer of Earl Graves Ltd.; Lorraine Wilson, a
former 20th Century Fox executive, and Scott Sillers, former chief financial
officer of Spike Lee's film company, Forty Acres and a Mule Filmworks.

But Rangel, who didn't select them, insisted at a board meeting Monday that the
executives be hired only as consultants and not as permanent staff.

Rangel said that permanent appointments should be made by the new top executive
who would soon be named.

"It would be stupid to ask someone to come in and inherit a staff," he said
yesterday.

Rangel's critics, however, said he's taking this position partly because he
wants more of a say in hiring, a charge he denies.

The consultants were selected by Parsons and Derek Johnson, the zone's acting
executive director. Johnson defended those hired and said they are "the very
best people to fill these roles."

Both men promised that final staffing will reflect both Hispanic and black
interests.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1996 Daily News, L.P.


                             410 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Herald-Tribune (Batesville, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             January 6, 2017 Friday

Homes will be rehabbed

BYLINE: Diane Raver, The Herald-Tribune, Batesville, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 606 words


Jan. 06--Twelve Franklin County homes will be repaired thanks to a $315,000
Indiana Housing & Community Development Authority Owner-Occupied Housing
Rehabilitation Project Grant written and administered by the Southeastern
Indiana Regional Planning Commission, Versailles.

Patty Jackson, SIRPC special projects manager, said the grant will "assist low-
to moderate-income homeowners with minor rehab and repairs to their homes ....
We have a priority list that we go down, and they're really allowed to do quite
a bit.

"Monies can be used for windows, doors, handicapped ramps, furnaces, air
conditioning, gutters, downspouts, all kinds of stuff .... It cannot be used for
luxury items, such as saunas and hot tubs ... (and) appliances are not a
priority." There is a $20,000 limit per home.

There are rules homeowners must follow: "The property has to be in their names.
It cannot be a rented lot. It cannot be a trailer, and manufactured homes have
to have been built after Jan. 1, 1981." Individuals must be current on their
property taxes and homeowners insurance.

"Homeowners have to sign a lien agreement for three years. They have to live in
that house and maintain it as their primary residence during that time." If they
meet these requirements, they will not pay anything, and after that time, they
are free to sell the property if they wish, she reported.

However, "if they sell the property before the three years is up, they will pay
a prorated portion of the funds .... (and) if they die before the three years if
up, the estate would also have to pay a prorated portion. It is not forgiven
upon death."

The manager said the 12 homes, located in Brookville, Cedar Grove, Laurel,
Metamora, New Trenton, Oldenburg and West Harrison, have already been chosen,
and each will be inspected and checked for lead paint. The state historical
preservation office also has to give approval for the work.

"Construction probably won't start until summer and maybe later, depending on
how quickly people respond.

"There's so much paperwork nobody knows we do. We'll work really hard to get it
done as fast as we can so construction can begin .... Right now, I'd like to get
the word out for any construction firms that are interested to talk to us.
Sometimes we only get two contractors to bid on 12 properties."

She also revealed, "We have a waiting list for other homeowners who may be
interested in participating if there is money left over. Some homes may not need
the entire $20,000, so if we can add someone else in, we will."

Interested contractors and homeowners can call the SIRPC at 812-689-5505.

Jackson noted that the grant required a 10 percent match. The SIRPC obtained a
$13,175 United States Department of Agriculture Rural Development Housing
Preservation Grant to help satisfy this requirement. Franklin County Council
members also agreed Dec. 14 by a 4-2 vote to provide $21,845 for the remaining
match requirement.

Originally, the Versailles group applied for a $350,000 grant from the state.
However, it was cut to $315,000. Because of this, Franklin County will now only
have to put $18,325 toward the match.

County Council President Becky Oglesby said she approved the spending because
"I've been out in the county, and some people can't afford to fix their houses
if there's mold in it or if they need a handicapped ramp .... (This grant) will
help them."

Diane Raver can be contacted at diane.raver@batesvilleheraldtribune.com or
812-934-4343, Ext. 114.

___ (c)2017 The Herald-Tribune (Batesville, Ind.) Visit The Herald-Tribune
(Batesville, Ind.) at www.batesvilleheraldtribune.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170106-HZ-Homes-will-be-rehabbed-0106-20170106

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HZ


                       Copyright 2017 The Herald-Tribune


                             411 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                             May 12, 2009, Tuesday

State briefs

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P9A

LENGTH: 459 words


Manchin signs Greenbrier gambling bill

WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS - Gov. Joe Manchin has signed a bill that set rules and
tax rates for a possible casino at The Greenbrier.

The legislation signed Friday would regulate gambling at the historic resort in
the same way as the state's racetrack casinos. It also sets aside a portion of
wagers to help The Greenbrier recoup employee benefit costs.

Greenbrier County voters narrowly approved a measure in November allowing
casino-style gambling at the hotel.

The Greenbrier filed for bankruptcy in March. Last week, Justice Family Group
owner Jim Justice announced that his company had acquired rights to the resort,
which is owned by CSX Corp.

Justice told employees that the resort's long-term growth might be in
"tasteful'' gaming.

However, Marriott International Inc. says it expects CSX to honor its contract
to buy the resort.

Weston official fired over unpaid taxes

WESTON - Weston has fired its finance manager over the town's failure to pay
federal withholding taxes.

City Council plans to begin searching Monday for a replacement for Crystal
Hixson, who was let go Friday.

The city owes nearly $700,000 in state and federal taxes, and payments to the
police and firefighters' pension funds. Mayor Julia Spelsberg says the $230,000
in missed federal tax payments has resulted in a $130,000 penalty and an
additional $60,000 in interest payments.

Hixson was removed in May 2005 by then-Mayor Jon Tucci. But questions came up
over whether the move was made in accordance with state Open Meetings and
Records laws and Hixson was allowed to keep her job.

W.Va. sees surge in jobless claims

Workforce West Virginia is seeing a surge in unemployed residents seeking help.

Dave Watson with the agency's Charleston office says unemployment claims filed
at that office have risen by 63 percent compared to 2008.

Watson says the office saw an average of 320 people a day last year. This year,
an average of more than 520 people come to the office each day to file
unemployment claims or follow up on claims.

Bunny Harper works at the office helping people file unemployment claims. Harper
says she takes each case personally because she knows what it's like to be
unemployed.

She was laid off after working for 16 years for the old state Workers'
Compensation office and its private sector successor, BrickStreet Insurance.

Agency offers grants for housing rehabs

MORGANTOWN - A federal agency is offering grants to public agencies, nonprofit
organizations and other groups to help low-income West Virginians rehabilitate
their homes.

The U.S. Department of Agriculture's Rural Development is seeking applications
for its Housing Preservation Grant program. The agency says the deadline for
applications is July 10.

compiled from wire reports

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Charleston Newspapers


                             412 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            August 22, 1995, Tuesday

BLIGHTED BLOCKS SALE AWAY GRANTS HELP NEW OWNERS FEEL AT HOME

BYLINE: By LAURA WILLIAMS

SECTION: Suburban; Pg.  9

LENGTH: 562 words


Community groups in the Bedford-Stuyvesant and Saratoga Square neighborhoods
have joined with a nonprofit organization to transform abandoned buildings into
affordable housing.

The Enterprise Foundation, which specializes in renovating vacant property, has
helped rehabilitate 32 buildings in Saratoga Square and nine rowhouses in
Bed-Stuy.

Once ready for occupation, the buildings, some of which are divided into
condominiums, are sold to applicants living in the area.

About $ 13 million will be spent on buildings in the two communities, officials
said.

"We believe ownership empowers people," said Robert Moore, chief executive
officer of the Brooklyn Ecumenical Society, which is working with Enterprise on
the Saratoga Square projects. "If people own their own neighborhood, the amount
of interest they have in their neighborhood increases."

Most of the buildings were seized by the city for back taxes after being
abandoned by landlords in the 1970s.

"From 1976 to 1978, the city couldn't count them as fast as they were getting
them," said Aaron Lewit, director of construction for Enterprise. "Landlords
fled, and the buildings just poured into the city."

After being turned over to the city Department of Housing Preservation and
Development, many of the buildings have languished, vacant and deteriorating,
for nearly 20 years.

The Enterprise Foundation bought the 49 buildings with a total of 151 units in
the early 1990s for about a dollar apiece.

Now, community redevelopment groups, armed with the advice of outfits like
Enterprise, have hired architects and contractors to reclaim the derelict
properties.

Would-be home and condo owners submit applications to the community group,
eventually buying renovated buildings or apartments from Enterprise.

In Saratoga Square a neighborhood that straddles the Bedford-Stuyvesant and
Ocean Hill border the Brooklyn Ecumenical Committee is taking applications for
35 condos in a development called Marion Park, a series of rowhouses on Chauncey
and Marion Sts. and a larger apartment building on Thomas Boyland Ave.

Late last week, workers were completing the renovation of a building at 117-119
Thomas Boyland Ave. that will become 15 condominium units. Already, the demand
for them is intense.

"We have 600 applications," said the committee's Robert Moore. Prices range from
$ 30,694 for a two-bedroom to $ 52,530 for a four-bedroom apartment.

On another front, as part of Enterprise's home ownership program, Northeast
Brooklyn Development Corp. in Bed-Stuy has renovated a row of limestone
rowhouses on Hancock St. and a small apartment house on Halsey St. Neighborhood
residents bought up the nine three to four-unit houses a year ago and went from
being tenants to landlords.

Clarissa Williams, a 45-year-old dietary aide, bought the four-apartment
building on Halsey St. last year. "I learned how to take care of the boiler and
the electrical systems, how to do all the taxes. I work hard."

Community leaders said this transformation from tenant to homeowner and landlord
is good for their neighborhoods.

"It brings back private ownership," said Jeffrey Dunston, associate director of
the corporation, "and it brings back some professionals and semi-professionals.
The owners are very scrupulous about who they're renting to. They have a stake
in it."


LOAD-DATE: August 22, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CHARLES ARRIGO RENOVATION has made Clarissa Williams, who's standing
inside gate of her apartment house in Bedford-Stuyvesant, a landlord.

                        Copyright 1995 Daily News, L.P.


                             413 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 31, 1985, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

S.R.O. BILL FRUSTRATES UPGRADING BY SMALL OWNERS

BYLINE: By ALAN S. OSER

SECTION: Section 8; Page 7, Column 1; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 1374 words


VICKI SIVESIND is a widow who lives

with her two sons on the lower floors of

a four-story brownstone on Union Street in Park Slope. She and her husband
bought the house in 1977, when tenants were still living in four of the seven
small rooms on the upper floors.  They hoped to save enough money to vacate the
rooms and remodel the upstairs into one floor-through and two studio apartments,
and rent them out.

Her husband died in an automobile accident in 1980, but Mrs. Sivesind has moved
ahead with the plans, using the insurance money she received. She helped her
tenants to relocate and obtained the necessary certificate of no harassment
before she applied for a building permit for the alteration in February.

But she cannot proceed. Like all other owners of former rooming houses who
failed to start construction, demolition or alteration before Jan. 9, she has
been warned by the Department of Housing Preservation and Development that that
she may not get a certificate of occupancy for the project if the City Council
enacts an 18-month moratorium bill proposed by the Koch administration. That
would cut her off from mortgage financing.

''Small building owners like myself are really stuck,'' she said.

Except for some exclusions, the moratorium would stop all demolitions,
reconstruction or conversions of ''single-room-occupancy buildings.'' As that
term applies to houses that were built for one-family or two- family use, it
means the ones in which five or more dwelling units are rooming units and which
have certificates of occupancy as rooming houses, according to the Department of
Housing Preservation and Development.

The moratorium itself is a response to the displacement of lower-income people,
often elderly and on public assistance, in a tight housing market. The threat
looms most acutely in places like the Upper West Side, where development
pressures are greatest and rental availabilities are extraordinarily scarce and
expensive.

But Judith Spektor, director of the Mayor's Office of Single Room Occupancy
Housing, stressed that it is a citywide problem. Rooms for displaced people are
increasingly scarce just about everywhere, she said.

It is possible that the city will someday try to develop a mechanism for dealing
with this problem, perhaps by requiring developers to contribute to the
financing of replacement units when demolition for new construction reduces the
stock. The City Planning Department is understood to be studying this approach,
since it worked in one major project, the Union Square development planned by
William Zeckendorf Jr.

As the city tries to craft a longer-term approach, its moratorium has captured
as S.R.O.'s many private, owner-occupied houses that were built as one- to
four-family houses but have been altered to accommodate roomers. These houses
exist in neighborhoods from Park Slope to Harlem and many are the focus of hopes
for improving those neighborhoods. It is one of the ironies of the situation
that the city's efforts to preserve single rooms for poor people in housing that
is freequently substandard is at odds with other city programs to improve the
housing stock and promote stability in neighborhoods.

Some of these neighborhoods have had a renaissance, often with public
assistance, after the difficult years of inflation and recession in the 1970's.
A greater availability of bank financing, in part the result of state and city
efforts to encourage the process, also has helped.

Some community organizations see the moratorium on alterations in buildings that
have roomers as a threat to improvements. An example is Brooklyn's Brighton
Beach, which was a resort community at the turn of the century. It is filled
with frame houses that have been converted over the years to rooming houses.

Within 10 blocks, 300 houses take in roomers. Residents live in simple rooms of
11 by 11 feet or even 8 by 8 feet, with a stove, sink and little else. Often
about 40 people live in a frame house 25 feet wide and 80 feet deep.

When fire, tenancy problems or mismanagement have caused severe blight or
abandonment, the Brighton Neighborhood Association has begun to step in. Using
technical assistance, loans and grants from private and public agencies, it
began a program last year of buying and converting vacant rooming houses as
two-family houses. They started with the reconstruction of two abandoned
derelict buildings on Brighton Sixth Street. One building is nearly finished.

The association had hoped to establish a revolving fund to do more buildings.
''But if the moratorium stays in place we won't be able to move,'' said Pat
Singer, the co-executive director of the association.

Arthur Kessler, a Brighton Beach native who runs an active real-estate brokerage
firm there, said rooming houses were responsible for depressing home values in
Brighton Beach. He said that a two-family house would sell for about $150,000 to
$200,000 in Sheepshead Bay or $200,000 to $225,000 in Bay Ridge - two nearby
communities. But in Brighton Beach a similar two-family house sells for only
$75,000 to $100,000. The area needs new construction to replace worn-out,
over-occupied frame buildings, he said.

But in fact, rooming house operations in such buildings apparently are becoming
a more lucrative business, which could be a positive effect of the city's policy
of preserving such low-cost housing for poor people. Mr. Kessler himself has
bought two rooming houses. One has already been improved with a new bathroom and
new windows and outside stucco.

In the hands of professional operators, some of the buildings have got new
investment, including sprinkler systems and upgraded heating systems and wiring.
Others are occupied by the original owner who is enhancing a meager income with
rents from tenants who often are on public assistance.

The effect of the moratorium policy will be both to hurt chances for
neighborhood improvement and to draw more investors to the rooming-house market,
Mr. Kessler believes. The rents are free of controls, and governmental subsidies
pay about three-fourths of the rent roll. A typical annual rent roll from 12
tiny apartments can be about $24,000. This works out to rents of about $38 a
week or $165 a month, which are affordable by many people living on modest
pension incomes or welfare allowances.

As rooming houses the buildings have risen in value to about three and a half
times the annual rent roll, Mr. Kessler said. Five years ago they were worth
about double the rent roll.

Yet in Harlem, Donald Cogsville, president of the Harlem Urban Development
Corporation, said that the impact of the moratorium on efforts to attract
middle-income people to the community would be ''disastrous.'' He said that a
blanket rule against conversions would ''depress the market just when it's
starting to perk.''

''Anything that prevents people from converting into family units is bad for
that neighborhood,'' said George Patterson, program director for the Local
Initiative Support Corporation, a national nonprofit organization that helps
nonprofit groups such as the Brighton Neighborhood Association get financing for
housing ventures.


THE moratorium also covers a broad

range of city hotels - those whose average rents last July 1 were under $70 a
day for 75 percent of the occupied units. And it has blocked major redevelopment
projects in Manhattan by prohibiting the demolition of a vacant building that
once had single-room-occupancy tenants.

The administration's bill is under study by the Council committee on housing and
buildings, headed by Councilman Archie Spigner, Democrat of Queens.

''I am troubled by the plight of those who need single-room-occupancy housing,''
said Mr. Spigner, ''and also by the situation of people who own browstones with
eight or nine units and now find they can't make changes they need.''

Councilmen who represent some areas, including Brighton Beach, the Rockaways and
parts of Coney Island, want their communities excluded from the moratorium, he
said. A hearing on the bill has been held, and there will be no more before a
bill is reported to the full Coucil unless it is decided that ''radical
changes'' are needed, he said.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             414 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Bond Buyer

                           February 3, 2016 Wednesday

IBO: Federal Aid to N.Y. City Flat Outside Stimulus, Sandy

BYLINE: Paul Burton

SECTION: REGIONAL NEWS Vol. 1 No. 34454

LENGTH: 366  words


While overall federal aid to New York City declined nearly $1 billion over five
years, such aid has been relatively flat when excluding stimulus and Hurricane
Sandy disaster recovery funding, according to areportby the Independent Budget
Office watchdog organization.

Over the past five years, said IBO researchers Frank Posillico and Ana Maria
Ventura, total federal aid to the city dropped from $7.9 billion in 2011 to just
under $7 billion in 2015, a decrease of roughly $933 million, or nearly 12%. The
drop in American Recovery and Reinvestment Act stimulus dollars was largely the
reason.

IBO said excluding stimulus and disaster-related assistance, federal aid
increased from $6.3 billion in 2011 to $6.7 billion in 2012, and then slowly
declined to $6.3 billion in 2015. "When adjusted for inflation, the $6.3 billion
received in 2015 is 6.4%, or $403 million, below the aid received in 2011," the
report said.

Federal aid comprised less than 10% of the city budget last year.

According to the report, federal aid excluding stimulus and recovery funding
totaled $32.3 billion, or just over 85% of total federal aid received from 2011
through 2015.

Three city agencies received a combined $22.5 billion, or about 70%, of federal
aid during that period: Department of Education ($8.4 billion), Human Resources
Administration ($7.7 billion), and Administration for Children's Services ($6.4
billion).

The report said Housing Preservation and Development, Homeless Services, and
Health and Mental Hygiene also received a significant share of federal aid
during that period, totaling $2.4 billion, $1.6 billion and $1.6 billion,
respectively.

Five federal grant programs outside stimulus and disaster recovery accounted for
$16.8 billion, or more than half the city's aid from Washington.

The largest source of federal aid to the city is Temporary Assistance for Needy
Families, which provides cash and other assistance to lowest-income families.

Funding to the city under that program rose from $1 billion in 2011 to $1.5
billion in 2013 as New York State, which receives the funds from Washington,
changed the formula for allocating the funds to localities. Funding then
declined to $1.4 billion in 2015.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BONDBUYER_NEWS


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             415 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 2, 2015 Tuesday

Delaware: Committee Meetings 6/2/2015 7:00 PM

LENGTH: 342  words

DATELINE: Dover


Kent County, Delaware has issued the following news release:

Kent County Levy Court Meeting Notice and Agenda
Kent County Administrative Complex
555 Bay Road, Dover, DE 19901
Levy Court Chamber, Room 203
Tuesday, June 2, 2015
7:00 PM, COMMITTEE MEETINGS
CALL TO ORDER
DETERMINATION OF A QUORUM
ADMINISTRATION COMMITTEE
Mr. Angel, Chairman
1. US 13 Beautification Project Update - Matt Spong, RLA, ASLA, Principal
Landscape Architectural Services, L.L.C.
Public Comments
Adjourn
PLANNING SERVICES COMMITTEE
Mr. Buckson, Chairman
1. Review of Bids - NSP Project - 282 Samuel Paynter
2. Rural Development Housing Preservation Grant Pre-Application Review
Public Comments
Adjourn
PUBLIC WORKS COMMITTEE
Mr. Howell, Chairman
1. Equipment Purchase - Heavy Duty Hydraulic Shear - Bid Award
2. North Dover Bypass - Delaware Technical Community College (DTCC) Terry Campus
Easement
Public Comments
Adjourn
FINANCE COMMITTEE
Mr. Eaby, Chairman
1. Ordinance LC15-10, An Ordinance authorizing the issuance of up to $5,000,000
of General Obligation Bonds of the Levy Court of Kent County for the purpose of
funding the Kent County Recreation Center
2. Contract Renewal for Audit Services
Public Comments
Adjourn
Kent County Levy Court Meeting Notice and Agenda
Tuesday, June 2, 2015
Page 2 of 2
EXECUTIVE SESSION
Immediately following the Committee Meetings
Caucus Room
For preliminary discussion on site acquisition for a publicly funded capital
improvement; legal strategy session regarding collective bargaining or pending
or potential litigation;
and personnel matters
Pursuant to 29 Del.C. 10004(b)(2), (4), & (9)
Posted: 052615
Revised:5/29/15
Posted by: L. Tanaka
Time: 11:00 AM
Take down: Upon Replacement or on 060315
29 Del.C. §10004(e)(2). The Agenda items as listed may not be considered in
sequence. This Agenda is subject to change to include additional items including
Executive Sessions or the deletion of items including Executive Sessions, which
arise at the time of the meeting.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             416 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                           October 3, 2001 Wednesday

N03mill1003TS02B010MILL STREET FACELIFT Colton seeks to beautify gateway

BYLINE: EMILY SACHS

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 527 words


As Colton's northern gateway, Mill Street looks nothing like the entrance City
Councilman Richard DeLaRosa envisions.

Houses with peeling paint, brown grass and unfinished improvement projects mar
the neighborhood, which serves as a quick route between San Bernardino and
Rialto.

The city's Redevelopment Agency last month allocated $75,000 for matching grants
to underwrite beautification projects to enable homeowners to have the lush
yards, lighting and circular driveways of upscale neighborhoods.

"People driving into Colton will recognize this is an entrance to the city,"
said DeLaRosa, who chairs the agency made up of council members.

The target area encompasses 45 houses between North Ohio Street and North
Michigan Avenue, just west of the Mill Street bridge.

Residents blame the bridge for much of the neighborhood's troubles. They say the
street was considered an affordable residential area until 1972 when the
bridge's construction created the impression Mill Street was a commuter shortcut
around congestion.

Today, an almost steady drone of traffic passes by, many cars and trucks
exceeding 60 mph, residents said.

In January, city-funded construction of sidewalks and handicapped ramps will get
under way, DeLaRosa said, and the Mill Street beautificaB1

tion grants will further augment the makeover.

"You'll see a big improvement on Mill Street if everyone takes advantage of it,"
DeLaRosa said.

The first 30 homeowners who apply will be reimbursed up to $3,000 spent to
improve their homes.

Eligible homeowners must meet low-income standards dependent on household size.
The annual household income of a family of four must not exceed $56,880.

"This is free money that the city pays out," DeLaRosa told residents on Monday
afternoon, during a walk in the neighborhood.

One resident said she would love to repave her driveway and paint her house.

Jesus Lizarde, 62, has made numerous improvements to his home but never thought
the city would offer to help.

A grant could help him turn his flat roof into a pitched roof, vaulting his
ceilings and his home's value.

"That's a good deal," he said. "I like that."

Across the street, Annette Barrera, 40, said she would love to install a
circular driveway and put a fresh coat of paint on her father-in-law's home.

Every home could benefit, she said.

"I think it would bring up the morale of the neighborhood," she said.

A 2-year-old program along Riverside Avenue in Rialto offers full grants of up
$5,000 for eligible homeowners.

So far, eight homes each on the north and south sides have completed
improvements ranging from new paint and security lighting to automatic
sprinklers and new garage doors.

Three more homes are under repair, and the program is expected to continue next
year with up to $5,000 per home, said Rosalind Joiner, the city's housing
preservation assistant.

Other streets are also being considered for an expanded program.

Joiner said the homeowners themselves benefit from the sprucing up.

"They kind of take pride, and they want to continue to keep the yards up," she
said, "so it's a good thing for the community."

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2001 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                             417 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                          September 14, 2011 Wednesday

Maryland Lawyers on the Move: September 14, 2011

BYLINE: Daily Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 287  words


The Honorable Judith Claibourne Ensor, associate judge, Circuit Court for
Baltimore County, has been elected president of the board of trustees of St.
Paul's School for Girls, in Brooklandville. Judge Ensor previously served the
school as a member of the Alumnae Association Executive Board and president of
the Alumnae Association. First elected to the SPSG Board of Trustees in 2003,
she has been a member of the Executive Committee, the Audit Committee, and the
Trustee Committee. She was the school's representative to Samuel Ready
Scholarships Inc. from 2008 to 2011, and co-chaired the committee that brought
Head of School Monica Gillespie to SPSG. In 2008, she received the Distinguished
Alumna Award and, a year later, the Robert Pollock Trustee Service Award. Judge
Ensor received her law degree from the University of Maryland School of Law.
Before her appointment to the bench, she was a partner in the litigation section
of Whiteford, Taylor & Preston LLP.

Antonia Fasanelli, executive director of the Homeless Persons Representation
Project, of Baltimore, has been appointed chair of the American Bar
Association's Commission on Homelessness and Poverty. She has been a staff
attorney at the Washington Legal Clinic for the Homeless in the Affordable
Housing Initiative, which is an expansion project of her 2002 Equal Justice
Works Fellowship. Fasanelli was also an advisor to the D.C. Department of
Housing and Community Development on affordable housing preservation, and an
advocate for improved operations within the D.C. Department of Consumer and
Regulatory Affairs, and the D.C. Housing Authority. From 2001 to 2002, she was a
law clerk for a U.S. District Court judge for the Northern District of Texas.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             418 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                             July 28, 2005 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

HISTORIC COIT HOUSE HITS MARKET WITH PRESERVATION FEATURES FOR ITS FUTURE

BYLINE: By Mark Sommer - NEWS STAFF REPORTER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 334 words


Buffalo's oldest wooden house is up for sale four months after its owner, the
Allentown Association, pulled it off the market.

This time, the sales agreement contains stronger stipulations to safeguard the
George Coit House's historic integrity. The Federal-style building at 44
Virginia St., near South Elmwood Avenue in Allentown, is believed to have been
built between 1815 and 1820.

"I think there is a very good process now to protect the property and ensure it
will be properly cared for in the future," said Gretchen Grobe, the
association's president.

"Putting the house on the market and then taking it off made us get a lot of our
ducks in a row," said Christopher Brown, the association's vice president.

The 12-room, 21/2-bath house, with a rear cottage and one-car garage, was put up
for sale Wednesday by Gurney, Becker & Bourne for $149,900. There will be an
open house from 1 to 3 p.m. Aug. 7.

The Margaret L. Wendt Foundation, which in December 1999 gave the association a
$50,000 grant to buy the building for preservation purposes, reversed its
earlier objection to the sale.

"We have no objection to the sale. We hope they will find a suitable buyer to
protect the importance of this historic landmark," said trustee Robert J.
Kresse.

The Allentown Association decided to sell the house because it could no longer
afford to operate it.

Assemblyman Sam Hoyt, D-Buffalo, has proposed moving the Coit House to the site
of the emerging Erie Canal District. Coit played a pivotal role in constructing
Buffalo Harbor and establishing Buffalo as the terminus of the canal in 1823,
and the house originally stood nearby at 53 Pearl St. before being moved to
Allentown in 1867.

But Hoyt said his idea has failed to gain traction with the project's developer,
Empire State Development Corp.

"I'm disappointed with the lack of response from Empire State," Hoyt said. "If
they don't see merit in having a period building on the site, it's unfortunate,
but I can't force it on them."

e-mail: msommer@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: File photo The Federal-style George Coit House, 44 Virginia St. near
South Elmwood in Allentown, was built between 1815 and 1820. It's Buffalo's
oldest wooden house.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 The Buffalo News


                             419 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            February 21, 2005 Monday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

BUILD BOOM PUTS NEW LIFE INTO OLD 'HOODS

BYLINE: BY MELISSA GRACE DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SUBURBAN; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 493 words


BROOKLYN'S HOME building boom is exploding - in some of the borough's
once-blighted neighborhoods.

East New York, Bedford-Stuyvesant and Bushwick are now Brooklyn's busiest house
and condo construction zones.

"Do you know of any bad neighborhoods, so I could buy some real estate there?"
quipped Sally Love, a developer working on an Ocean-Hill/Brownsville
government-subsidized project that boasts 23 new homes.

While home construction is nothing new in the borough, more than 6,800
residential building permits were issued by the city in 2004, Housing
Preservation and Development Department figures show - the highest in 32 years.

Ten years ago, there were only 911 permits issued. All of that has changed.

"Because of the housing shortage, residential development is sky rocketing,"
said Susan Hinkson, a Buildings Department Brooklyn official.

A surge in immigration, low mortgage rates and tumbling crime in what were
marginal neighborhoods have all played a role in the boom.

In 2004, the city's Buildings Department issued 748 building permits in East New
York, up by more than 100 in 2003.

In Bushwick, where 432 construction licenses were issued, residents see dramatic
changes to the neighborhood landscape.

"The number of empty lots has shrunk by the thousands in the last five years,"
said Anna Gonzalez, chairwoman of Bushwick's community board.

Not only have newcomers found affordable housing, but longtime residents have
gained from the real estate rush.

"The value of my property has gone up by $56,000 this year alone," said
Ernestine Jones, who moved into the city-sponsored Nehemiah Homes in East New
York in 1990.

After 21 years in an East Flatbush rental, Winnifred Adams moved into her new
three-story townhouse on nearby Chester last spring.

"Being a homeowner is something you work for for so long," said the 63-year-old
grandmother.

Developer Philip Schorr, who built Adams' home, said that under a city
low-income housing program, he purchased lots for the project for $250 each in
2002.

"Today, they'd be valued at $50,000 a lot," Schorr said.

The vast majority of homes in these neighborhoods are being constructed with
city and federal subsidies, HPD officials said.

The neighborhoods are "dramatically more desirable for homebuyers and tenants
and [have] drawn in private real estate developers," said HPD Commissioner Shaun
Donovan.

While the number of new building permits plummeted in the early 1990s - hitting
a low of 51 in 1990 - construction projects picked up significantly three years
ago.

And by last year, Brooklyn was second place behind Queens for most permits
issued in the city. mgrace@nydailynews.com

SIDEBAR: PERMITS SOAR

NEW RESIDENTIAL construction permits issued in Brooklyn:

2004: 6,825

1990: 51

Preservation and Development.

BROOKLYN neighborhoods where the most new building permits were issued:

EAST NEW YORK

Jan.-June 2003: 301

Jan.-June 2004: 419

BUSHWICK (432 in 2004)

Jan.-June 2003: 211

Jan.-June 2004: 228

Source Buildings Department

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Daily News, L.P.


                             420 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 August 27, 1999, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Residential Real Estate;
Builders Prodding Rebirth of Beachfront in Queens

BYLINE: By DENNIS HEVESI

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 964 words


For three decades, city officials have struggled to find a way to develop the
Arverne neighborhood in the Rockaways, a vast expanse of beachfront land in
Queens that has lain fallow since its bungalows were cleared as part of urban
renewal efforts in the late 1950's and early 1960's.

Now, with the demand for housing so high and the market so tight, new houses are
finally going up in the area, which is one of the few urban neighborhoods along
a beach that is served by mass transit.

Development has come to the 308-acre Arverne Urban Renewal Area even though
several grand plans for the area -- including one for a $1.2 billion sports and
entertainment complex -- have yet to materialize. In the past, many of the
ambitious proposals for Arverne fell victim to market forces, or just plain bad
timing. City officials say that new development in Arverne is testimony not only
to the strength of the economy but also reflects the neighborhood's promise.

"It was a great seaside resort in the way that Coney Island was at the turn of
the century, with grand Victorian hotels and bungalows," said James F. Lima,
assistant commissioner for new construction in the city's Department of Housing
Preservation and Development.

The new construction is just a beginning: 40 two-family homes on vacant lots
sprinkled among the remaining houses bounded by Beach 59th and 61st Streets,
Rockaway Beach Boulevard and the ocean. The builder says he particularly wants
to interest local residents in the solid masonry homes.

"Basically, we believe that most of our purchasers will have lived locally and
rented locally," said Vincent L. Riso, president of the Briarwood Organization,
the builder. "The only necessity is that we have a buyer with good credit,
income above $40,000 and a 5 percent down payment."

Residents of the area are hoping that the development will erase what is perhaps
the greatest eyesore of the Rockaways.

Standing by the bay window on her porch, Maizle Morris seemed almost joyful
about the grinding of bulldozers and pounding of pile drivers across the street
and down the block from her home near the development.

"It's progress; I feel so happy," Mrs. Morris said of the 40 homes now being
built, which are the first market-rate construction in the area in 35 years.
"It's like a dream come true."

Mrs. Morris, a member of both Community Board 14 and the 52-family Arverne
Neighborhood Development Organization, has been fighting for revitalization of
her community since the 1970's. "All these years, they promised us everything,"
she said of previous city efforts. "It all fell through the cracks."

Prices for the two-family houses -- a three-bedroom home with a garage for the
owner and a two-bedroom unit for possible rental -- range from $250,000 to
$285,000. "It's a situation where we are purchasing the property from the city
at a substantial discount, $1,000 for the land," Mr. Riso said, "and passing
that discount along to the purchaser."

Under what the city calls its Urban Development Action Assistance Program, a
buyer would receive real estate tax exemptions for 20 years. During the first 11
years, taxes would be payable only on the land, not the home itself. In the 12th
year, the home would be 90 percent exempt, with the exemption reduced by 10
percent each year after that. Contracts have been signed for 14 of the 40 homes,
Mr. Riso said, with occupancy expected next spring.

Tobias Parker, 29, a customer service representative for a credit card company,
is considering buying. Mr. Parker lives in Ocean Village, a complex of 18-story
rental buildings adjacent to the new houses. "I need more room," he said one
recent morning. "I've got two kids and one on the way. This gives me a chance to
get out of these apartments. I'm going to look into it."

Mr. Parker is eager for further development of the Arverne area. "It'll be a
better community," he said, "instead of an empty lot with all of the weeds."

Previous plans for the vast, contiguous Arverne parcel, said Mr. Lima, the
assistant commissioner, "have just missed the market."

In particular, he recalled a plan in the late 1980's, "costing hundreds of
millions," to build out the entire 308 acres with 10,000 units of mid-rise,
market-rate residential development. But then the recession hit, and the plan
was abandoned.

"What came out of that," Mr. Lima said, "was a plan by the city to permit
incremental, mixed-used development of single-family to mid-rise buildings with
a series of public access points to the beach and public parks."

In November 1996, the city settled on developers to build two distinct projects
within the urban renewal area: One was Briarwood's initial plan for 161
two-family homes; the other was for a 75,000-square-foot shopping center at
Beach 73d Street, which has not yet been started.

Beyond the 40 homes now scheduled for construction, the remainder of the
Briarwood project has been placed on hold while the city considers a proposal by
the Reichmann family of Canada to build a $1.2 billion sports and entertainment
complex called Destination Technodome in the urban renewal area.

"The community was pretty clear about wanting to build the economic base of the
Rockaways, particularly capitalizing on the site's potential as a tourist and
recreation destination," Mr. Lima said. "There's a real interest in
incorporating a golf course, between Beach 56th and 44th, as part of a park, and
an option for movie theaters, a hotel."

Mrs. Morris is hopeful. "Property values will be accelerated," she said. "I
bought this home, believe it or not, for $38,000 in 1972, and got reappraised
for $260,000 in 1995 when I refinanced."

If promises are finally kept, she said, "it will be a community instead of
vacant, barren lands."


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Maizle Morris on the porch of her home on Beach 61st Street in
Arverne in Queens. She is pleased that construction is under way on new houses
across the street. "It's like a dream come true," Mrs. Morris said. (Andrea
Mohin/The New York Times)(pg. B8)

Map of Queens showing location of Arverne. (pg. B8)

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                             421 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Columbian (Vancouver, Washington)

                           August 10, 2016 Wednesday

County eases rules for veterans in need

BYLINE: Kaitlin Gillespie Columbian staff writer

SECTION: POLITICS LOCAL; Pg. c1

LENGTH: 557 words



HIGHLIGHT: Those whose income is twice the poverty level can seek emergency aid

A decision by the Clark County council will allow the county to go further to
help veterans who have come home stay in their homes.

The Clark County council unanimously voted to allow veterans whose household
income is up to twice the federal poverty line access to emergency housing
assistance. That's up from the 150 percent threshold in a previous version of
the ordinance.



A decision by the Clark County council will allow the county to go further to
help veterans who have come home stay in their homes.
The Clark County council unanimously voted to allow veterans whose household
income is up to twice the federal poverty line access to emergency housing
assistance. That's up from the 150 percent threshold in a previous version of
the ordinance.

"We've come upon a problem within the county of affordable housing for our
needy and homeless veterans," said Robert Nichols, chair of the Clark County
Veterans Advisory Board. "We think that by increasing the amount of money we
get   we'll help alleviate that problem by making more housing available to
those families."
That means a family of four whose income is $48,600 or lower can now qualify
for emergency grants for rent, security deposit or other housing costs from the
Clark County Veterans Assistance Fund.
"This just expands eligibility so that more people who are affected by the lack
of affordable housing in this community can be assisted," said Michael Torres,
program director of Clark County's Housing Preservation Program.
Clark County's Community Services Department, which manages the Veterans
Assistance Program, gave out $81,839.71 in housing assistance last year,
according to an annual report. The county is on track to give another $86,000
in assistance this year, according to a staff report given to the council at
Tuesday's meeting.
Lifting the income limit will better allow Clark County to respond to the
challenges of a tough housing market, said Samantha Whitley, a program
coordinator at Clark County Community Services.
The average monthly rent for a two-bedroom apartment in Clark County is about
$1,208, according to Fair Market Rents set by the U.S. Department of Housing
and Urban Development.
"Even people that are making 200 percent of poverty are not able to find
housing or maintain their current level of housing," she said.
The Community Services Department also signaled that it will be asking for a
$236,936 increase in its veterans fund, which supplies funding to the
assistance grants, in the 2017-2018 biennium to help cover the increase.
Clark County taxpayers' contribution to the general fund is small. A Clark
County tax revenue report estimates that the Veterans Assistance Fund received
about $1 million from Clark County's overall $117.3 million general fund levy
for the 2015-2016 biennium. Increasing it would not directly increase
taxpayers' property tax bills, only what percentage of their property taxes go
toward the fund.
But the potential increase to the veterans fund still gave Council Chair Marc
Boldt pause.
"I'm not going to not approve it," said Boldt, no party preference.
He noted, however, that he has some concerns about potential budget impacts as
the county goes into a biennium when officials are predicting a $20 million
deficit. He said he wanted to further discuss funding for the Veterans
Assistance Fund in a future work session.
Clark County Councilor Tom Mielke, a Republican, called the amount Clark County
sets aside for veterans "pocket change."
"I think as we go down the pike here and we take a look at this stuff, that we
do something beside give lip service, and this is a good direction," he said.
Kaitlin Gillespie: 360-735-4517;
kaitlin.gillespie@columbian.com
; twitter.com/newsladykatie

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Columbian Publishing Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             422 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 10, 2013 Thursday

New York: A.G. Schneiderman Announces Indictment Of NYC Nonprofit Director For
Stealing Nearly $900k From Charity

LENGTH: 883  words

DATELINE: Albany


Office of Attorney General, The State of New York has issued the following news
release:

New York State Attorney General Eric T. Schneiderman today announced the arrest
of Yolanda Gonzalez, the former Executive Director of We Stay-Nos Quedamos, Inc.
("Nos Quedamos"), on felony grand larceny and other charges for embezzling
nearly $900,000 from the long-standing South Bronx-based nonprofit community
development corporation. Joseph Ingenito, the former Chief Financial Officer of
Nos Quedamos, was also arrested. He was charged with falsifying business records
to help cover up the thefts. Gonzalez faces up to 15 years in prison. The
accountant faces up to four years behind bars.

"While our not-for-profit sector is the strongest in our nation, it will only
remain that way if we continue to root out despicable, corrupt behavior of this
kind," Attorney General Schneiderman said. "I encourage the good actors in
organizations like Nos Quedamos to stay vigilant and come forward if they
suspect any individual of wrongdoing, as they did in this case. It's the best
and most effective way to keep our not-for-profit sector healthy and honest."

According to the indictment unsealed today in Bronx County Supreme Court and
statements made by prosecutors at the arraignments, the Attorney General's
investigation revealed that Yolanda Gonzalez, 46, of the Bronx, stole the money
from Nos Quedamos over a four-year period, from January 2007 to May 2011, by
making withdrawals from the organization's bank accounts to pay her personal
expenses - and even buy a car. Joseph Ingenito, 76, of Yonkers, who maintained
the books and records for Nos Quedamos, misrepresented information contained in
financial documents to help cover up the thefts.

The investigation commenced in early 2011 with a complaint from Nos Quedamos
board members to the Attorney General's Charities Bureau about possible missing
or misappropriated funds from Nos Quedamos bank accounts. The bureau uncovered
evidence that hundreds of thousands of dollars had been embezzled from the
nonprofit.

A community development organization focused on health, environment,
sustainability, housing, and jobs, Nos Quedamos receives grants from several
government agencies, including the state Division of Housing and Community
Renewal, the New York State Energy Research and Development Authority, and the
New York City Department of Housing Preservation and Development. Gonzalez
became Executive Director after her mother, Yolanda Garcia, who was a founding
member of the organization, passed away in February 2005. Gonzalez served as the
Executive Director of Nos Quedamos until early 2011, when she was suspended by
the Board of Directors.

The Attorney General's indictment charges Gonzalez with embezzling funds from
Nos Quedamos and two related entities, NQ Development, LLC, and NQ Management,
Inc. According to statements made at arraignments, in addition to her salary of
more than $70,000 per year, Gonzalez brazenly stole hundreds of thousands of
dollars from the nonprofit's bank accounts by writing checks to herself or to
cash, making ATM withdrawals, and paying for personal expenses on corporate
credit cards, including purchases at department stores, nail salons, jewelry
stores, and movie theaters. She also purchased a new 2009 Toyota Sienna with
stolen funds, at a cost of more than $29,000. To conceal the thefts, Gonzalez
and Ingenito falsified Annual Financial Reports, balance sheets, and financial
statements for Nos Quedamos and submitted them to the Board of Directors and the
New York State Attorney General's Office.

Gonzalez is charged with one count of Grand Larceny in the Second Degree (a
class "C" felony), two counts of Attempted Grand Larceny in the Third Degree (a
class "E" felony), three counts of Falsifying Business Records in the First
Degree (a class "E" felony), and one count of Offering a False Instrument for
Filing in the First Degree (a class "E felony). Ingenito is charged with three
counts of Falsifying Business Records in the First Degree and one count of
Offering a False Instrument for Filing in the First Degree.

Gonzalez and Ingenito were arrested this morning and arraigned before the
Honorable Judge Steven Barrett.

If convicted, Gonzalez faces a maximum sentence of 5 to 15 years in prison and
Ingenito faces up to 1 1/3 to 4 years in prison. The charges against these
defendants are allegations, and they are presumed innocent until proven guilty
in a court of law.

The Attorney General thanks the New York State Division of Housing and Community
Renewal for its assistance in this case.

The investigation was handled by Investigator Sylvia Rivera, under Supervising
Investigator Michael Ward, Deputy Chief of Investigations John McManus, Deputy
Chief Investigator John Reidy, and Chief Dominick Zarella. Supervising Forensic
Auditor Edward J. Keegan and Legal Analyst Mikael Awake assisted in the
investigation.

The case is being prosecuted by Assistant Attorneys General Gabriel Tapalaga and
Arielle Singer of the Criminal Enforcement and Financial Crimes Bureau, under
the supervision of Deputy Bureau Chief Stephanie Swenton, Bureau Chief Gary
Fishman and Executive Deputy Attorney General for Criminal Justice Kelly
Donovan.

For further information please visit: http://www.ag.ny.gov/

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             423 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 11, 2017 Saturday

Regulatory update: New York State Department of Public Service; Public Service
Commission, has submitted (16-E-0611) Order Authorizing Submetering

LENGTH: 609  words

DATELINE: New York



 Albany: New York State Department of Public Service has issued the following
document :



 INTRODUCTION

 By Notice of Intent, filed October 21, 2016, Lynn's Place Housing Development
Fund Company, Inc. (Owner) requests authorization to submeter electricity at
1060 Rev. James A. Polite Avenue, Bronx, New York, and a waiver of the energy
audit and energy efficiency plan requirements of 16 NYCRR §96.5(k)(3). By this
Order, the Commission approves the Owner's request to submeter electricity and
waives the energy audit and energy efficiency plan requirements of 16 NYCRR
§96.5(k)(3).



 NOTICE OF INTENT TO SUBMETER

 This new rental building consists of 69 residential units, of which 56 will be
submetered and 13 will be direct-metered by Con Edison. Of the 56 submetered
units, 42 are

 CASE 16-E-0611

 -2-

 reserved for chronically homeless, single individuals who are diagnosed with a
serious mental illness, or who are diagnosed with a serious mental illness and
one or more disorders relating to alcohol or drug use. The Owner states that the
submetered bills for the 42 units will be issued to Unique People Services, Inc.
(UPS),1 and UPS will pay the monthly bills using grant funding provided by the
New York State Office of Mental Health (OMH).2 The remaining 14 submetered units
will be reserved for individuals earning no more than 60 percent of the area
median income, and under the jurisdiction of the New York City Department of
Housing Preservation and Development (HPD). The Owner states that the 56 units
are master-metered by Consolidated Edison Company of New York, Inc. (Con Edison)
and that submetering equipment will be installed prior to the commencement of
billing. The residential units will not have electric heat.3

 The Owner provided the following information, which is required by 16 NYCRR
§96.5 as a condition to submeter electricity: a description of the type of
submetering system to be installed (§96.5(a)); a description of the methods to
be used to calculate bills for individual residents when submetering is
implemented, including the methods to be used to determine that the submetered
bills, when rendered, will comply with the rate cap, as set forth in the
regulations (§96.5(b)); a detailed plan for complying with the provisions of the
Home Energy Fair Practices Act (HEFPA) (§96.5(c)); a completed "Submeterer
Identification Form" (§96.5(d)); a copy of an offering plan

 1 UPS operates supportive housing programs in New York City and Westchester.

 2 Each unit will receive an allowance for utility charges pursuant to the
grant.

 3 The building will be heated with natural gas-fired boilers.

 CASE 16-E-0611

 -3-

 consistent with 16 NYCRR §96.5(f); proof of service that the Notice of Intent
to Submeter was sent to Con Edison (§96.5(g)); documentation sufficient to
establish that the refrigerators in all rental dwelling units are no more than
ten years old or meet the most recently adopted federal energy efficiency
standards for such appliances (§96.5(h)); a description of the electric energy
efficiency measures that have been or will be installed (§96.5(i)); and a
description of the information and education programs that will be provided to
residents on how to reduce electric usage (§96.5(j)).4 The Notice of Intent
states that the Commission-approved SATEC, Inc. BFM136 submetering system will
be installed in the building and that this submetering system allows for the
termination of submetered electric service to a particular unit consistent with
the requirements of HEFPA and 16 NYCRR Part 96.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             424 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           February 12, 2009 Thursday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

COMPLEX DEBATE ON TAX BREAK

BYLINE: BY FRANK LOMBARDI DAILY NEWS CITY HALL BUREAU

SECTION: SUBURBAN; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 369 words


CITY HALL officials are clashing over a move to grant a hefty property tax
exemption to the sprawling Electchester co-op housing complex in Fresh Meadows.

The complex of 38 buildings with 2,500 units houses some 10,000 residents. It
was built as an affordable housing development in the late 1940s and 1950s by
Local 3 of the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, using only
private funding.

Fearing that rising costs will drive many of Electchester's middle-income
residents out of their homes, City Council members are backing a tax exemption
for the development that would start at $5 million a year and gradually
escalate.

Over the 37-year period covered by the proposed exemption, it would cost $109
million, according to city officials.

Mayor Bloomberg's administration has now come out against the tax break,
contending the city can't afford it because of its deepening budget crisis.

"The administration, while supporting affordable housing, cannot support giving
Electchester a tax exemption in this challenging fiscal climate," Deputy
Commissioner Joseph Rosenberg of the Department of Housing Preservation and
Development told the Council at a hearing Tuesday.

The exemption is being pushed by a number of key Council members, particularly
James Gennaro (D-Fresh Meadows), whose district includes Electchester.

"That's something that we're looking at very closely," Council Speaker Christine
Quinn (D-Manhattan) said yesterday.

Electchester had received tax exemptions until they expired in the late 1990s.
They were supposed to be renewed, but in 2005, the Council somehow left
Electchester off a list of affordable housing developments that received renewed
tax exemptions.

"Why they were not included and why the oversight was not brought up at the time
are unknown," Assemblywoman Nettie Mayerson (D-Queens) said in written testimony
to the Council's Committee on Housing and Buildings.

Councilman Leroy Comrie (D-St. Albans) said rising costs to operate and maintain
Electchester threaten to "displace a lot of people, union people, civil service
people, people who want to stay in the city somehow.

"Electchester is a jewel in the city and needs to be preserved," he said.
flombardi@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Daily News, L.P.


                             425 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           January 24, 2004 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

A Sorry State of Affairs

BYLINE:  By Gregory Jaynes; Gregory Jaynes is a former correspondent and
columnist for The Times.

SECTION: Section A; Column 2; Editorial Desk; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 598 words

DATELINE: MEMPHIS


The crowning blow, the straw that broke the camel's back, the ultimate
bureaucratic insult, arrived in the post the other morning. Time Warner Cable
was demanding $250 for its little black box, which I left in my house in
Brooklyn, after I had sold it, last month.

The new owners of my old house had requested cable service. Time Warner said it
could not grant the request until the previous subscriber at that address
returned the cable box. After the interminable, obligatory
may-I-have-a-real-person phone call, I offered what I thought an ingenious
solution: give the new owners my box and switch the account to their names.

Silly me. Time Warner said it had to collect my box and install a box just like
it for the new owners. I was responsible for returning my box, and I was 1,200
miles from New York City.

I capitulated and wrote Time Warner Cable a check.

The New York City Department of Housing Preservation and Development sent me a
letter just before I sold my house. The letter said I was in violation of eight
building codes. All the violations were recorded before I even bought my house.
Nevertheless, after two days in their good offices, I gave them a $300 money
order (no personal checks accepted).

Then the city returned my money order. Only the current owner of the house, I
was notified, may correct violations. Between the time I cleared my record and
the time my clearance was recorded, the property had changed hands. Two days of
cooling my heels. Evaporated. Square one.

I bought a dishwasher from Sears for my new house in Memphis. The man who
installed it ran it through a cycle successfully and had me sign a document that
said I was satisfied. Then he left and I loaded the dishwasher. It would not
start.

I felt like a man who had bought a Ford that got him out of sight of the
dealership, and no farther. When I called the man, he said he was only a
contractor. I called Sears. Sears asked me if the dishwasher was plugged in, if
the little green lights on the front panel blinked. I said, "I promise." Sears
said, "Just a simple yes or no will do, sir."

I was in line with my toothpaste at Walgreens the other day. When I got to the
register, with no one behind me, the cashier looked at me straight in the face
and hollered, "Next!"

My health insurance coverage recently changed. By mistake I mailed my premiumto
my old insurance company. It mailed it back, saying someone else was in charge
now. But the new insurance company would not take my check until I had cleared
the decks with its predecessor. So I mailed the check to my old insurance
company again and said please accept my money. It mailed it back to me with the
same explanation as before.

I won't go on with this one because it gets ugly.

Some years ago I was fixing up an old house I had bought. I beseeched a local
bank for a loan. The bank appraiser was due on Thursday. He did not make it. On
a Friday, we tore out the ancient kitchen so we could put in a new one. On
Monday, the appraiser showed up. We cannot make a loan on a house without a
kitchen, he said. We consider this a shell. If you had been here when you said
you would, I said, you would have seen a kitchen. He shrugged and walked away.

My 5-year-old son once asked me for $5 to pay for his kindergarten class photo.
When I received the picture, my son was not in it. He had been absent the day
the photo was taken. I did not know this. Todd, I said, you are not in the
picture. Why? If I was not there, he said, how would I know I missed it?

What put me in mind of all this nonsense was President Bush's State of the Union
address.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing (Drawing by Seymour Chwast)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                             426 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           January 25, 2000, Tuesday

FREE SCREENING AND EDUCATION OF GLAUCOMA AT HOSPITAL TODAY

SECTION: SUBURBAN; Pg. 4 NEIGHBORHOOD NEWS

LENGTH: 834 words

COBBLE HILL - Long Island College Hospital is offering free screenings for
glaucoma from 1 p.m. to 4 p.m. today on the fourth floor of the Othmer Building,
399 Hicks St.

Rep. Nydia Velazquez (D-Brooklyn) and Assemblyman Clarence Norman (D-Crown
Heights) are scheduled to set a good example by being the first in line for the
free eye test.

Glaucoma is the second-leading cause of preventable blindness in the United
States, and the first among African-Americans. The disease affects 3 million
people, but half don't know they are losing their sight until it is too late.

In addition to offering screenings, the hospital will give information on the
causes of glaucoma, who is most likely to get it, the symptoms, how glaucoma is
detected, treatment options and how to protect vision. Borough Hall The Northern
Brooklyn Health Consortium has received $150,000 from the Robert Wood Johnson
Foundation. The grant will be used to find ways to increase access to health
care for uninsured Brooklyn residents between the ages of 19 and 64.

The Brooklyn project is part of the foundation's Communities in Charge program,
which aims to put local neighborhoods in charge of solving their health care
problems.

Under the program, 20 communities nationwide have received one-year grants to
study ways to help uninsured people receive better care.

Borough President Howard Golden said, "We hope this project will help make
health insurance more affordable for thousands of low-income, working
uninsured." Fresh Kills The state will provide $100,000 to help fund a design
competition for the reuse of the Fresh Kills landfill, Gov. Pataki has
announced.

The money was provided under the state's Waterfront Rediscovery program to
restore waterside parks and spur economic development. The city will use the
funds to conduct the contest and program a series of site tours, publications
and presentations about successful landfill reuse models. Sheepshead Bay
Youngsters at the Bay Family Center homeless shelter last week got gifts of
mittens and knitted hats from members of United Methodist Church of Sheepshead
Bay. The Rev. Mary Crump, the church pastor, made the presentations.

The mittens and hats followed last month's Christmas dinners and gifts brought
to children at the shelter, 3154 Emmons Ave. East New York Belmont Metals will
get access to 400 kilowatts of low-cost energy under a program that Gov. Pataki
said can help create 88 jobs at the company.

The company, at 330 Belmont Ave., is among 30 businesses statewide tapped in the
latest round of Power for Jobs grants made by the state Power Authority.

Pataki said the grants will help create 585 jobs statewide and protect 7,000
more. Greenpoint Pinquist Tool and Die Co. on Meserole Ave. was one of five area
manufacturing firms awarded business improvement grants from the Empire State
Development Corp.

The corporation last week approved a $10,000 grant for the metalworking company,
which produces specialized display hardware and building products. The money
will be used to analyze ways to improve operations, with a particular focus on
its management information system and possible expansion.

Dongan Hills

The Richmond County Savings Foundation presented a $100,000 grant to the Staten
Island Heart Institute, a joint venture of Sisters of Charity Healthcare and
Staten Island University Hospital.

Foundation board President Michael Manzulli said, "The funding is earmarked for
the purchase of state-of-the-art electrocardiograph equipment used to monitor
cardiac patients throughout the course of diagnosis and treatment." Since its
inception in 1998, the foundation has provided more than 400 grants - close to
$4 million - to organizations serving communities.

Rick Varone, president and chief executive officer of Staten Island University
Hospital, thanked Manzulli, noting that a fall opening is planned for the
institute, which is being built on the grounds of the hospital's north shore
facility.

Also present was Ralph Lamberti, the hospital's senior vice president, and
Dominick Stanzione, executive vice president of Sisters of Charity Healthcare.
Bedford-Stuyvesant A coalition of city agencies, educational institutions and
community-based organizations recently received a $763,000 federal grant to
examine 400 neighborhood homes for hazards.

The Department of Housing and Urban Development grant will go to the Medical and
Health Research Association of New York City, the city's Department of Health,
Department of Housing Preservation and Development, Hunter College, New York
City Technical College, Neighborhood Housing Services and Bridge Street
Development Corp.

The plan, called the Bedford-Stuyvesant Healthy Homes Initiative, will look at
400 units occupied by low-income families with young children for four types of
hazards: lead paint and dust, allergens, mold and accidental injury.

The program also will provide training, materials and in-home technical
assistance.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2000 Daily News, L.P.


                             427 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              June 23, 2013 Sunday

Harlem co-op ire 'Stiffed' on $5M rehab

BYLINE: Kate Briquelet

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 409 words


Residents say the city promised to refurbish their crumbling St. Nicholas Avenue
building in Harlem but instead left them $5.1 million in debt for repairs that
were done shoddily if at all.

Now tenants in the seven-story Cliffcrest building are accusing the Department
of Housing Preservation and Development of fraud and are fighting foreclosure in
Manhattan Supreme Court.

"There's no way millions of dollars were spent on this building," said Carlton
Burroughs, 52, president of the 51-unit property near West 157th Street.
"Someone saw a quick buck, and they took it. We got shafted from the beginning."

It all started in fall 2001, when residents signed on to an HPD program to
convert the rental building into an affordable co-op.

Under the deal, the city would renovate the property and the tenants would buy
their apartments and inherit the mortgage that paid for the rehabilitation.

But today there's a leaking roof, exposed wires, craters in the walls, a boiler
that's too small to heat the property - and nothing indicating a
multimillion-dollar rehab.

Residents blast HPD and current US Housing Secretary Shaun Donovan, who was at
the helm of the city agency in 2004.

Back then, an HPD engineer admitted in an October 2004 memo that repairs
"clearly have not been done, and I question if the contractor intends to
complete them."

"They just didn't care," said Tom Winston, a retired MTA bus driver and longtime
tenant. "They thought we were poor people and weren't paying attention."

The project was backed by a $2.1 million loan from HPD, a $1.4 million Bank of
America loan and a $947,500 federal grant.

Construction costs ballooned from $4.5 million to $5.1 million, and residents
were each saddled with a mortgage of about $100,000, Burroughs said.

The renovation plan included a new boiler, a new roof and plumbing and
electrical upgrades.

But HPD didn't administer the Cliffcrest project itself. It hired two
nonprofits. the Settlement Housing Fund and Urban Homesteading Assistance Board,
to oversee the conversion. Each has reaped at least $20 million in contracts
with the city in the last decade. The building is currently in foreclosure
proceedings. The tenants' lawyer, Adam Leitman Bailey, filed a motion against
HPD last week to rescind the mortgage and recover at least $6.62 million in
damages from the city.

A spokesman for HPD said "the matter is currently under review."

kbriquelet@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Shaun Donovan Housing big's plan flopped.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             428 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           October 11, 2006 Wednesday
                               CITY FINAL EDITION

NEW YORK MINUTE. PROJECT HITS BRAKES AFTER TOWER SHAKE

BYLINE: Greg B. Smith Greg Wilson Thomas Zambito

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 307 words


THE CITY SHUT down a construction project near Ground Zero after pile driving
caused a neighboring office building to shift and may have made the former
Deutsche Bank tower shake, officials said.

The city Buildings Department halted construction of luxury apartments at 4
Albany St., a block from the World Trade Center site.

The Sept. 28 order came after workers discovered that an office building
next-door at 120 Greenwich St. had moved about an inch since pile driving
started a few weeks back.

The order also followed complaints this year that work at the site was causing
vibrations at the toxic former Deutsche Bank tower across the street, records
show.

Greg B. Smith

Tax break likely to stay

CITY HALL IS expected today to leave largely in place a controversial program
that grants tax breaks to developers of housing throughout most of the city.

The likely recommendation by the Department of Housing Preservation and
Development to continue the 421-a program comes after several months of debate
on a panel composed of housing and development advocates.

The program, which freezes taxes for up to 20 years, was begun in 1971, when few
developers would build in the city.

But the program was revised in the 1980s to exclude Manhattan, from 14th to 96th
Sts., unless builders dedicated 20% of their units to affordable housing. Last
year, another exclusion was carved out in hot Williamsburg, Brooklyn.

Greg Wilson

Gotti's 2 weeks' notice

JOHN A. (JUNIOR) Gotti's attorneys have another two weeks to file papers asking
a judge to drop charges against him.

Gotti's attorneys were expected to file a motion to dismiss Gotti's racketeering
indictment today, but Manhattan Federal Judge Shira Scheindlin yesterday gave
them until Oct. 25.

Manhattan U.S. Attorney Michael Garcia has not decided whether he plans to try
Gotti a fourth time.

Thomas Zambito

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Daily News, L.P.


                             429 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                          September 14, 1995, Thursday

DON'T TAKE A CHANCELLOR ON RAVITCH, SAY TENANTS

BYLINE: BY JUAN GONZALEZ

SECTION: News; Pg.  12

LENGTH: 768 words


When Annette Raisky, an account executive, learned that one of Mayor Giuliani's
top choices for schools chancellor is none other than her landlord, Richard
Ravitch, she was almost speechless.

Hadn't the mayor spent the last two years, Raisky wondered, berating the current
chancellor, Ramon Cortines, for being a lousy fiscal manager? For not cutting
enough fat at the top? For wasting taxpayer money? And hadn't Giuliani kept up
the screaming until he finally drove the courtly and much-loved Cortines to
quit?

So why, Raisky and the other middle-income tenants living in Ravitch's Waterside
Plaza development want to know, would Giuliani even think of replacing Cortines
with Ravitch, a man who can't even maintain his own building, who made millions
through government subsidies of his real estate ventures.

These are not exactly happy times at Waterside, the Mitchell-Lama
state-subsidized middle-income complex that Ravitch built 20 years ago on a
platform over the East River at 25th St. Not only did Ravitch's construction
company, which he has since sold, build Waterside, but he remains a general
partner, while another company of his, Aquarius Management, gets nearly $ 1
million a year to run the day-to-day operations.

But the construction work, tenant engineering studies say, was so shoddy that
massive leaks are routine in some of the buildings and in the main plaza, and
the pylons under the platform need major repairs.

"There's nothing I've ever done that I'm prouder of than Waterside," Ravitch
said, insisting the damage was caused by water, air and salt erosion.

Last month, the city Housing Preservation and Development Department approved a
15% rent increase for the 1,100 tenants to finance the repairs. Ravitch had
sought 55% but settled for the lesser amount after HPD said he overstated the
repair costs.

At the same time, though, HPD Commissioner Deborah Wright approved several other
cash infusions for Ravitch. She allowed him to use more than $ 5 million for the
repairs from the reserve funds normally earmarked to replace refrigerators and
air conditioners, allowed partial decontrol of rents in apartments that become
vacant and ended Waterside's 20-year-old exemption from surcharges for tenants
whose annual income is greater than Mitchell-Lama guidelines.

According to tenant association president Steven Smollens, Waterside never had
surcharges because its rents have always been the highest of any Mitchell-Lama
development. But with HPD's ruling, many will see their rents jump as much as
100% in the next few years, with the average rent for a two-bedroom apartment
increasing to more than $ 2,000 for current tenants and to $ 2,500 for new
tenants.

"They're going to turn this place into a ghost town," said tenant Ambrose
Richardson, a lawyer, who added that most residents will not be able to afford
the increases. Already in the first month of the new rents, tenant leaders say,
70 families have moved out.

"In my opinion, they [the tenants] won a great deal," said HPD spokeswoman Mara
Neville of the compromise the agency approved.

"A judicious decision," Ravitch said. "They split the baby in half." The tenants
have been lucky not to have had a rent increase for 10 years, he adds.

But tenant leaders are quick to point out that was because Ravitch received a
guaranteed 6% profit virtually every year on his original investment of $ 3
million in the $ 62 million project. More important, until federal tax law
changed in 1986, he and his partners received nearly $ 40 million in tax
write-offs, making it possible for him to pay virtually no income tax for
several years in the 1970s.

"I don't blame tenants for being unhappy," says Ravitch, an amiable man who has
made a reputation for himself as a utility-man appointee for a long string of
mayors. A few years back, Ravitch even helped bail out this newspaper as a
caretaker owner when the Daily News went into bankruptcy.

But those with short memories forget boondoggles like Manhattan Plaza, another
Ravitch development project. After he built Manhattan Plaza as private housing
in the early 1970s, Ravitch got Mayor Abe Beame to approve earmarking most of
the city's federal Section 8 housing certificates for one year to his building.

Overnight, Manhattan Plaza was turned into federally subsidized housing for
artists and musicians, thus guaranteeing Ravitch's profit from the public dole.

"Putting him in charge of the budget for our schools," said another angry
Waterside tenant, Carol Gorman, "is like putting the wolf in the henhouse."

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1995 Daily News, L.P.


                             430 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Chase Goes to City Hall for Specialist in Low-Income Housing

                           April 12, 1989, Wednesday

By JED HOROWITZ, American Banker Staff Writer

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Chase Manhattan Corp. has hired a veteran New York City housing and finance
specialist to run a new housing-loans subsidiary for borrowers with low or
moderate incomes.

Mark Alan Willis, 42, deputy commissioner of New York's Department of Housing
Preservation and Development, will become president of Chase Manhattan Community
Development Corp. on May 1. Chase applied to the Federal Reserve Board last
month to set up the for-profit unit, and approval is expected in the near
future.

Mr. Willis' leap from public to private sector gives him a much smaller sphere
of influence, with much greater financial incentive. He leaves a job overseeing
400 people, that pays just under $100,000. At Chase he will head a staff of
about a dozen and, at Chase's discretion, he expects a substantial improvement
over his government salary.

Mr. Willis chose not to follow the path many other public-sector refugees have
beaten to Wall Street.

"I decided I wasn't interested in doing investment banking for municipal bonds,"
he said. "The opportunity to try and bring private money into low-, moderate-,
and middle-income housing projects and help neighborhood development is a great
challenge."

New York City has budgeted $5.1 billion over the next 10 years to increase
housing stock in poorer areas. Mr. Willis believes he can further the program by
"leveraging private dollars from the other side of the table." Responding to
Pressures

He acknowledged that Chase's decision to form a community development unit was
partly in response to Community Reinvestment Act pressures. Congress and
regulators have threatened to stall requests for new powers and other wish-list
items from banks until they make more loans in lower income neighborhoods.

Chemical Banking Corp. and Citicorp already operate community development
corporations. The units, which can be subsidiaries of banks or holding
companies, take two approaches to lending.

They make low-interest loans directly to groups and businesses that are
subsidized by government grants. They also make "soft" loans - without interest
- to developers and other groups that are forming new businesses. In return, the
lenders retain equity stakes in the developers' construction projects.

Michael Cassidy, a senior vice president who spearheaded the new Chase unit,
denied that CRA pressures influenced its creation. He said discussions on
forming a development group began late last year, shortly after Mr. Cassidy
resigned as head of Chase's metropolitan area branch system - and months before
the new CRA pressures arose. He said Chase is committed to the venture as a
money-making operation, though its profit expectations are lower than for other
parts of the bank.

"The key is that it be profitable," said Mr. Cassidy, "so it's not a short-term
venture. It's a win-win situation for both the communities and the corporation."
Sizable Portfolio

Chase already has a "sizable" portfolio of loans to poorer neighborhoods, but
they are not centralized, Mr. Cassidy said. He said he does not know the
specific size of the portfolio.

The Chase loans are made through various housing, credit card, installment, and
student loan departments, though he could not provide a specific number.
Creation of the new housing-loans unit, he maintained, will sharpen the
community development focus.

Mr. Willis is a 1968 graduate of Yale University. He has a law degree from
Harvard University and a doctorate in economics from Yale. In the early 1970s,
between law school and his return to Yale, he ran a family owned printing
business in Portland, Maine. In 1983, before joining city government, he served
as a senior economist at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York while Paul Volcker
was its president.

Mr. Willis' municipal government career began as a special assistant to Kenneth
Lipper, deputy mayor for finance. He advanced to New York's office of tax
policy, as assistant commissioner, then took over as deputy commissioner of
housing preservation and development in 1986.
The American Banker

SECTION: Pg. 6

LENGTH: 679 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1989 American Banker, Inc.


                             431 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            February 26, 2007 Monday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

PLEASE, FEDS, I NEED MY APT.! AFTER 25 YEARS, BRONX WOMAN FEARS GETTING BOOT,
BUT HELP BLOOMS

BYLINE: BY TINA MOORE DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 320 words


FOR THE LAST quarter century, Mildred Colon, 51, has been raising five children
in a federally subsidized apartment at Hunts Point I in the Bronx.

So she was shocked to learn that the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development could auction off her building to the highest bidder anytime,
displacing her and her 17-year-old son.

"We could be evicted," she said. "I raised my whole family here. I know
everybody."

In an effort to save thousands of affordable housing units like hers, the
Bloomberg administration is in talks with HUD for an innovative program that
would allow the city to buy the mortgages on her building and about 24 other
properties from the federal agency before it sells them off, city Housing
Preservation and Development Commissioner Shaun Donovan said.

HUD buys mortgages from banks when private owners default on payments or let
buildings fall into dire disrepair. Then the agency can sell the building to
private owners - who have the right to do what they want with the space.

Donovan said the city could use part of a $230 million housing fund to buy the
mortgages from HUD. The fund is part of Bloomberg's $7.5 billion, 10-year plan
to create and preserve 165,000 units of affordable housing for New Yorkers.

Once purchased, the multiunit dwellings would be sold by the city to private
owners committed to maintaining affordable housing, Donovan said. The owners
could include both nonprofit and for-profit companies.

A HUD official in the Clinton administration, Donovan said the New York real
estate boom makes the situation even more urgent because in general, many
landlords are looking to profit by selling off buildings - potentially
jeopardizing scores of affordable housing units.

This month, developer David Bistricer sent a shock wave through the affordable
housing advocacy community when he bid $1.3 billion to buy the sprawling
Starrett City complex in Brooklyn.

tmoore@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EXCLUSIVE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Daily News, L.P.


                             432 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 11, 1984, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

CITY OPENS ITS BIGGEST PLOT, IN ARVERNE, TO DEVELOPMENT

BYLINE: By MARK SHERMAN

SECTION: Section 8; Page 7, Column 1; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 1148 words


AMONG the weeds that grow where seaside summer bungalows once stood in

the Arverne section of the Rockaways lie broken chairs, overturned sofas and the
shattered hopes of urban-renewal plans spanning almost two decades.

Rubble and sand, and Public School 106 on Beach 35th Street are all that occupy
the 123- acre shorefront tract of city-owned land, the largest vacant plot in
New York City. Since bulldozers cleared away the rundown housing late in the
1960's, the plot has been suggested at one time or another as a site for housing
projects, amusement parks, picnic grounds and parking lots.

Once again, however, there may be cause for optimism. The site, bordered by the
Atlantic Ocean, the planned Shore Front Parkway, Beach 56th Place and Beach 32d
Street, is being offered to private developers under a request for proposals
announced recently by the Department of Housing Preservation and Development.

Rather than devise a plan of its own, the city is asking private builders to
come forward by June 21 with plans to turn the desolate beachfront into an
economically and esthetically viable development. The department will select a
plan based on the overall economic and social benefits to the city and
community.

If the local Community Board 14 has its way, and a developer submits such a
plan, a hotel of at least 250 rooms with adjoining convention facilities will
rise on the land as early as the middle of 1986.

''We want to restore the Rockaways to its former place as a resort area,'' said
Joel Gerstel, the community board chairman.

More importantly, the board wants a hotel both for the service jobs that would
be created and for the dollars that visitors would presumably spend.

The board has also publicly stated its support of casino gambling, and the
request for proposals allows potential developers to incorporate plans for
gaming facilities into their proposals. The approval of two separately elected
State Legislatures and an amendment to the State Constitution would be
necessary, however, before gambling could be allowed in New York State.

''Hotel development would be a real shot in the arm for us economically,'' Mr.
Gerstel said. ''Our roads would be improved, our sewers upgraded and they'd
finally have to do something about the transit system. Whatever they put here,
no one's going to come out here riding our subway lines.''

THE A subway line is the principal public-transportation route by which to

reach the Rockaways from Brooklyn and Manhattan. Potential developers have been
asked to upgrade the elevated stations at Beach 36th, Beach 44th, and Beach 60th
Streets, but no provision is made for the improvement of service.

Of the 123 acres, only 58 are ''developable as of right,'' according to the
housing agency. The developer will have to create a public park of at least 12
acres, provide public access to the beach (nine acres) and build a street system
(43 acres). If the department approves plans calling for a park to be built
outside the site, or if an acceptable alternative street system is devised, the
land open for development could exceed 58 acres.

For the city, development on the site will mean income from the sale of the
land, the eventual return of the land to the city's tax rolls and relief from a
headache created when the site was targeted as an urban-renewal area in 1964.
The original area was a 310-acre site between Beach 32d and Beach 84th Streets,
and there are still 90 acres of vacant land between Beach 60th and Beach 73d
Streets.

''We have no plans at the moment for the other vacant site,'' said Charles
Perkins, an assistant commissioner in the Housing department. ''It depends on
the response to the request. Hopefully, any development on the other site will
complement development'' on the site for which proposals have been requested.

The Urban Development Corporation built the 1,100-family Ocean Village housing
complex in the early 1970's from Beach 56th to Beach 59th Street. That left 123
acres of vacant land, minus the one-acre plot occupied by P.S. 106. Hundreds of
bungalows once stood on that land, summertime homes to thousands of New York
City residents.

But by the 1960's, the homes - often without heating - were occupied year-round
by welfare families. The city then stepped in with the intention of replacing
inadequate housing with low-cost modern apartment buildings. More than 4,000
structures were razed and families were relocated, but intention never became
reality.

The request for proposals is the Koch administration's first attempt to market
the land, according to Anthony B. Gliedman, Commissioner of the Housing
department. Over the last 15 years, though, several city and community leaders
have suggested turning the area into a picnic and play area, and even a large
parking lot until a permanent solution could be found. Several plans for housing
also were rejected either because of the site's proximity to Kennedy
International Airport just across Jamaica Bay or community opposition to more
low-income housing developments.

Now community leaders do not want subsidized housing on any of the available
land and the request for proposals calls for only unsubsidized housing, if
any.''We feel that the Rockaways are already oversaturated with an abundance of
low-cost housing,'' Mr. Gerstel said. ''We would accept market-rate housing, but
that would have to be in conjunction with a hotel or something like it.''

The community board, however, has no legal veto over any plans. It serves as an
advisory body to the housing agency and the other city panels that must grant
their approval to any proposed development.

Until the June 21 deadline, Mr. Gliedman said, he would not disclose the extent
of any interest in the site. Mr. Gerstel, however, said that at least three
developers had already expressed interest. The number of developers who actually
submit a plan will help determine the timetable for what already promises to be
a lengthy approval process.

After June 21, the department will have four months to select a developer, as
set forth in the request. ''Of course, if 20 developers submit plans, it would
take longer than four months to make a decision,'' said Charles Brass, the
department's coordinator of requests for proposals.

The developer would then have to enter into negotiations with the department to
discuss the specifics of the plan and how they might, or might not, fit the
guidelines in the request for proposals. Negotiations could take 90 days more,
Mr. Brass said. The plan would then have to pass the Uniform Land Use Review
Process and gain final approval from the Board of Estimate, which could take an
additional six months, he added.

Once selected, the developer will then have a year in which to start
construction. The middle of 1986, Mr. Brass said, is not an unreasonable date
for work to begin.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: map of Arverne; photo of Arverne

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             433 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            January 6, 2009 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Recession Delays Bloomberg Plan for Low-Cost Housing

BYLINE: By MANNY FERNANDEZ

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 964 words


Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg's plan to create or preserve 165,000 units of housing
for low- and moderate-income families by 2013 has been pushed back one year
because the economic recession  has stifled the financing of low-cost housing.

The one-year extension is the first major setback for one of the mayor's oldest
and most ambitious initiatives: his 10-year, $7.5 billion effort to build or
preserve housing affordable to 500,000 low- and moderate-income New Yorkers. It
officially began in 2003 and had progressed five years later to the point that
in September, Mr. Bloomberg and city housing officials celebrated reaching the
halfway mark on schedule, with 82,500 units financed.

But Mr. Bloomberg announced the extension in December during a speech and in one
of his weekly radio addresses, neither of which received much attention beyond
housing advocates.

Seth Donlin, a spokesman for the city's housing agency, the Department of
Housing Preservation and Development, said in a statement last Wednesday that
the mayor's goal of creating or preserving 165,000 units remained unchanged and
that ''only the timeline is altered.'' He said that the delay affected less than
10 percent of the overall plan and that ''we continue to close on new
developments at a time when many others are having to abandon their plans.''

Advocates and developers of low-income housing described the one-year extension
as a reasonable concession in uncertain and difficult economic times, though
some believed the plan could stretch not just to 2014 but perhaps 2015.

''It's not a surprise to me that the mayor's housing plan has had to adjust to
the times,'' said Josh Lockwood, executive director of Habitat for Humanity  --
New York City, a nonprofit developer of low-income housing. ''There's only so
much that's under the mayor's control.''

Many of the projects in the plan rely not only on government subsidies but also
on private financing from lenders, a stream of money that has tightened in
recent months. Another factor that has slowed development of so-called
affordable housing is the drop in price of low-income housing tax credits. The
sale of the federal tax credits to investors helps finance the building of
housing for low-income families.

''You've got this kind of perfect storm of factors that is making the financing
difficult,'' said Bernie Carr, executive director of the New York State
Association for Affordable Housing, a trade group made up of developers, general
contractors, lenders and others. ''To extend the plan for a year seems actually
very reasonable to me.''

Mr. Carr and other housing advocates said they believed the mayor remains
committed to the plan, which they said has now become more than a housing
initiative. ''It's not just a matter of needing 165,000 affordable housing
units,'' said David M. Muchnick, coordinator of Housing First!, a coalition of
builders, community groups and others. ''It's very much needing the thousands of
jobs that production of those units saves and creates.''

Mr. Bloomberg, during his weekly radio address on Dec. 14, spoke about the
challenges facing his housing plan.

''Now, with the economy stalling and even the most qualified developers having a
hard time getting credit, we know we can't keep that pace up,'' Mr. Bloomberg
said, according to his prepared remarks. ''So we're stretching out our schedule
for completing the second half of our housing program to six years instead of
the five years we'd planned for at first.''

The mayor's radio address came the day after President-elect Barack Obama
announced that he had selected Shaun Donovan, the city's housing commissioner,
to lead the federal Department of Housing and Urban Development. Mr. Donovan had
been the driving force behind the mayor's plan.

A spokesman for the mayor, Marc LaVorgna, said the extension was tied to the
mayor's announcement in May that he would stretch a four-year construction plan
for the city to five years amid signs of a declining economy, delaying a number
of projects involving not just housing but also transportation and school
construction, to save money.

Mr. Bloomberg first announced the plan in December 2002, 49 weeks after he was
sworn into office in January 2002. Known as the New Housing Marketplace Plan, it
had a goal of 65,000 units by 2008 and was expanded in 2006 to 165,000 units by
2013.

It was and has been a huge undertaking, the largest housing plan of its kind in
the country, with enough units, as the mayor often points out, to house the
population of the city of Atlanta. It relies on a number of strategies to reach
the 165,000-unit goal, including zoning changes, financing incentives for
developers and the identification of land that city and state agencies own but
no longer use.

Nearly 57,000 units of the 82,500 financed have been rental housing, and the
rest have been homeownership units, including single-family homes and condo
units, according to city data as of September.

The plan had until recently been marked by signs of success. One of its key
elements, the New York City Acquisition Fund, which helps small developers and
nonprofit groups compete for land in the private market, received an award in
September from Harvard's Ash Institute for Democratic Governance and Innovation.

In 2007, the city's Independent Budget Office released a report that found that
the plan was on track toward completion, though it raised questions about the
financing. The report noted that most of the units to be preserved could be
financed through the capital budget of the city's housing agency. But the bigger
challenge for the plan was in building tens of thousands of new units by 2013,
and the report predicted that ''a reassessment of its goals and assumptions may
be necessary.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company


                             434 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 11, 1980, Friday, Late City Final Edition

ABOUT REAL ESTAT?SECTION 235: NEW YORK BID TO SPUR LOW-RISE HOUSING

BYLINE: By ALAN S. OSER

SECTION: Section A; Page 13, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 838 words


Not since the middle-income Mitchell-Lama program wound down in the mid-1970's
has there been city-sponsored production of new housing on a significant scale.
Now the Department of Housing Preservation and Development is trying to start it
moving again in a form that is a departure from the past.

Under Commissioner Anthony Gliedman the department is hoping to draw the city's
home-building industry - the small or medium-sized companies that produce
housing in outer Queens or Staten Island - into housing production throughout
the boroughs under a Federal subsidy program.

The program is called Section 235. It lowers the builder's mortgageinterest cost
so that houses can be purchased by moderate-income buyers. Used in conjunction
with a land-cost writedown by the city and even Federal subsidies for site
preparation where necessary, public officials are convinced that the Section 235
program could result in thousands of new houses throughout the city.

If it works, the city will begin to see new low-rise housing production on many
urban renewal sites where blight has taken hold because new construction has
been so long delayed. It will be production at a far lower density than once was
expected.

The method the city is pursuing is similar to the Federal Government's ''notice
of fund availability'' when subsidies are available for low-income housing: It
is making publicly advertised ''requests for proposals,'' known as R.F.P.'s.
Once a proposal is accepted, the builder will in effect get a license to
proceed. The six-month ''uniform land use review process'' required by law will
run concurrently with the preparation of final plans and site work.

If for some reason after the review the Board of Estimate rejects the project,
''we would buy the model houses back from the builder,'' Mr. Gliedman said. The
risk of that is slight, he said. The request for proposals themselves tries to
set the ''parameters'' for the development the city wants without prescribing a
development plan in detail.

The housing must be owner-occupied. It could be in the condominium form in
two-family or three-family buildings. Under Section 235 at present, the owner
cannot have one or two rental apartments, the style small builders frequently
produce in the city.

Processes aside, success would mean housing rejuvenation on a geographically
broad scale. An example is the Columbia Street urban renewal area, where at
present blight cuts a huge swath through a dozen blocks of South Brooklyn.

Once there were grand plans for a huge container port in that area. But neither
the container port nor housing construction on and around Columbia Street ever
materialized. Meanwhile, homeowners and shops moved away in a decline that was
spurred by the construction of the Queens-Brooklyn Expressway.

The department has asked for proposals by Aug. 8 on two sites - one along the
east side of Columbia Street between President and Union Streets, where 10 old
buildings are still standing, and the other comprising the major parts of three
large vacant blocks on the west side of Columbia Street.

Other Brooklyn sites for which proposal requests have been issued (or soon will
be) are in East New York, 150 to 200 units in the vicinity of New Lots Avenue,
Blake and Berryman Streets; two acres for 40 units in Bushwick; three acres for
70 units in Prospect Heights, and 15 acres for 200 to 250 units in the Marcus
Garvey urban renewal area in Brownsville.

In the Section 235 program, buyers' income limits can be 50 percent higher than
they are in the low-income Section 8 program. Roughly speaking, a family of four
could be earning $25,000 a year and qualify for a mortgage of about 4 percent.
As one official observed, a family of four with that income would qualify even
for a conventional Federal Housing Administration-insured mortgage at the
current interest rate of 11 1/2 percent. Thus the officials foresee an excellent
market for housing subsidized by Section 235.

''The potential in the city is unlimited,'' said Alan Wiener, director of the
area office of the Department of Housing and Urban Development. ''Thousands of
units could be produced.''

What remains to be seen is whether the small home builders will overcome their
long-standing trepidation about bureaucracy in the building process, whether
they will hesitate because of sitecondition problems to move into locations of
previous demolition or whether they will share the official optimism about the
possible speed of production and marketability in chosen locations.

''The possibilities for producing homes for people of moderate incomes are
tremendous if the city processes can be made to work,'' said Joseph Margolis,
executive vice president of the New York City Builders Association.''

Commissioner Gliedman, meanwhile, is looking for other ways to build the housing
production pipeline. Tapping available Federal programs, he is looking to the
so-called Tandem plan, with 7 1/2 percent mortgage money for mixed-income
apartment construction.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                             435 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Finance & Commerce (Minneapolis, MN)

                           November 23, 2010 Tuesday

A quest for affordable housing in the Twin Cities: Advocates pushing for
preservation of existing units

BYLINE: Brian Johnson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 981  words


A planned $122 million renovation of the iconic Riverside Plaza apartments in
Minneapolis stands out as an attention-grabbing example of fixing up existing
affordable housing in the Twin Cities.

The ambitious, taxpayer-assisted Sherman Associates project is consistent with a
key focus of Minnesota Housing's recently approved 2011-12 strategic plan:
preserving existing affordable housing, some of which predates the era of disco
music and bell-bottom pants.

The focus comes as aging properties and expiring agreements are expected to put
52,000 subsidized housing units in Minnesota at risk over the next 10 years,
according to the MacArthur Foundation's website.

"We know that preserving [existing housing] is one of the most cost-effective
ways of meeting affordable housing needs," said Megan Ryan, communications
director for Minnesota Housing.

The 2011-12 focus builds off the Minnesota Preservation Plus Initiative, a
cooperative effort of Minnesota Housing, the Family Housing Fund and the Greater
Minnesota Housing Fund.

Through that initiative, which received a $2.25 million grant from the MacArthur
Foundation last year, the partners hope to save more than 12,000 affordable
housing units, according to Ryan.

Goals include creating a revolving fund for short-term investments such as
emergency repairs in low-cost homes, and providing technical assistance to
owners and managers of affordable properties.

It's usually cheaper to preserve existing houses, town homes and apartments than
it is to build new affordable housing. Typically, it costs twice as much to
build from the ground up, according to Minnesota Housing.

Wear and tear

Between rising foreclosures and a soft economy, there's ample need for
low-income housing and no shortage of needed repairs.

The U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development went on a building spree in
the 1970s and 1980s, and many of those housing units are showing serious signs
of fatigue.

Another issue: Those HUD homes were built with the requirement that they remain
affordable for 30 years. That 30-year period is starting to expire, which means
they are no longer guaranteed to remain affordable.

Kim Vohs, housing director for Wayzata-based Interfaith Outreach and Community
Partners, said one thing that's driving the emphasis on preservation is the
numerous vacant buildings already are on the market.

New construction hasn't been ruled out, but the thinking is, "Let's reuse what
we have and rehab what we have that maybe is not in very good shape now," Vohs
said.

One of Minnesota Housing's goals is to create incentives for building owners to
update their housing units, with the requirement that the housing will continue
to remain within reach for low-income households.

The initiative complements efforts such as the Metropolitan Council's Livable
Communities program, which offers grants for rehabilitation and preservation of
existing affordable housing in the region.

In the program's latest round of funding, the Met Council distributed $1.8
million in Livable Communities grants to five cities, which in turn passed the
awards on to qualifying projects.

One of those projects was Riverside Plaza, which received a $575,000 grant to
help with the rehab of 1,303 units at the 37-year-old affordable housing
complex.

Earlier this month, the city of Minneapolis agreed to issue up to $80 million in
tax-exempt multifamily housing revenue bonds for Riverside. Many of the aging
mechanical systems in the Ralph Rapson-designed complex need to be replaced, and
the buildings don't live up to current expectations for energy efficiency. The
rehab begins early next year.

Riverside stands out, but the housing preservation needs go beyond the large
complexes in the inner city.

In Wayzata, for example, Interfaith Outreach & Community Partners is converting
a former group home into six affordable housing units. The project, known as
Boulevard Apartments, got a $100,000 Livable Communities grant this year.

Boulevard Apartments is getting the grant because it's helping Wayzata meet its
Met Council affordable-housing goal, according to Vohs.

It also serves notice that affordable housing isn't just a concern for the core
cities. In sheer numbers, more people are living in poverty in the suburbs than
in the inner cities, Vohs said.

"Things are changing, and this recession is really contributing to those
changes. We are seeing a lot of people losing their homes here," he added.

Best of both worlds

Aeon, a Minneapolis-based nonprofit affordable housing developer, does a mix of
rehab and new construction, including a newly completed rehab of the 1960s-era,
120-unit Sienna Green development in Roseville. A second phase calls for
construction of four one-bedroom apartments, 30 two-bedrooms and 16
three-bedrooms.

Gina Ciganik, Aeon's vice president of housing development, said the cost of
rehabbing those apartments is roughly $145,000 per unit, compared to $200,000
for new construction - a savings of $6.6 million for the 120 units.

In addition, the rehab has some ecological advantages because it keeps building
materials out of the landfills.

Other key projects in the metro include the Northgate Woods in Blaine (rehab of
a 75-unit development), Dover Hill Apartments in Golden Valley (rehab of 234
housing units), and Redeemers Arms in St. Paul (rehab and preservation of 151
rental units).

However, in some cases it isn't practical to put money into old buildings, so
the trick is to balance the mix of rehab and new construction, both of which
compete for limited funding, Ciganik said.

"We cannot let one take over the other," she added. "And that is going to be the
trick, because the pots of funding are getting smaller and smaller. ... The pie
is only so big. We will, as a community, have to be strategic about how we
approach the balance between preservation and new, and be smart about how we mix
those funds in order to do both. "

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             436 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           September 21, 2009 Monday

GROUP CAN $CORE ON ATL. YARDS

BYLINE: RICH CALDER

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 210 words


Despite a string of scandals that led Congress to cut off its federal funding,
ACORN stands to make millions off its support for Brooklyn's controversial
Atlantic Yards project, The Post has learned.

The left-wing organization - longtime boosters of the $4.9 billion NBA arena and
residential- and office-tower project - says it expects to market and help
decide who gets to live in the 2,250 affordable-housing units.

This, after Atlantic Yards developer Bruce Ratner helped bail ACORN out of
financial trouble last September with a $1 million loan and a $500,000 grant.

While contracts haven't been signed, Ismene Speliotis, executive director of
ACORN's New York chapter, told The Post her organization "expects to play a role
in the marketing and lease-up."

ACORN would oversee a lottery to choose who gets the housing. Ratner's firm is
expected to manage the housing.

When asked how much ACORN might make off Atlantic Yards, the city's Department
of Housing Preservation & Development referred questions to Ratner, who said via
a spokesman it wasn't the "appropriate time" to make such "decisions."

Anita MonCrief, an ACORN official-turned-whistleblower, estimates the deal could
bring the group $5 million to $10 million annually over several years.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BRUCE RATNER Bailed out ACORN.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             437 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                    West CAP

                          525 Second Street PO Box 308
                            Glenwood City,  WI 54013
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (715) 265-4271
URL: www.westcap.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   West CAP also maintains offices in Rice Lake, Menomonie, Ellsworth, and
Balsam Lake.  West CAP's history includes a long list of innovative "firsts":
Established one of the nation's first Parent-Child Center programs (Head Start)
The first rural Family Planning program in Wisconsin (1972) The first
Weatherization program funded by the Community Services Administration (1974)
Operated a program to purchase and resell wood stoves at cost during the energy
crisis of 1975 Provided one of the nation's first demonstration Solar
Utilization, Economic Development and Education projects Implemented a model
Fuel Assistance Program (now LIHEAP) West CAP received a Department of Energy
award for "cocoon" demonstration program of mobile home superinsulation Received
the first Housing Preservation grant in Wisconsin Implemented a regional TEFAP
emergency food assistance program West CAP operated one of 24 national
demonstration programs in Comprehensive Child Development (became Early Head
Start in 1988) Established the innovative Families in Transition program to
provide rent subsidies and supportive services to homeless and at-risk families
(1988) West CAP received designation as a Community Housing Development
Organization in 1992, and through 2003 has developed 163 units of affordable
housing Initiated the JumpStart Transportation program to assist low-income
households in obtaining financing to purchase a good quality car (1998).
JumpStart is now recognized as a national model for s

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             438 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 26, 1982, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

U.S. PLANS TO FREE CITIES IN SPENDING COMMUNITY GRANTS

BYLINE: By ROBERT PEAR, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1; Page 1, Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1036 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Sept. 25


The Department of Housing and Urban Development says it will no longer review
the way cities use money from a major Federal grant program to see if they are
assisting families with low or moderate incomes.

The program provides money for such purposes as housing rehabilitation, street
improvements, urban renewal, social services and the construction of parks,
playgrounds and other public facilities. Known as Community Development Block
Grants, it is providing a total of $3.5 billion this fiscal year to hundreds of
cities.

The Federal law that created the program states that its ''primary objective''
is ''the development of viable urban communities, by providing decent housing
and a suitable living environment and expanding economic opportunities,
principally for persons of low and moderate income.''

Wording of Regulation

But new regulations the department plans to put into effect say the agency
''will no longer conduct any review of the grantee's overall program with
respect to benefit to low-@ and moderate-income persons.''

New York City receives the nation's largest community development grant,
totaling $221 million in the current fiscal year, according to Federal data, and
other areas in New York State are receiving a total of $156 million. Cities and
counties in New Jersey are receiving a total of $111 million, while local
governments in Connecticut are receiving $39.5 million.

Department officials said that they intended to issue the rules soon so they
could take effect at the start of the 1983 fiscal year, which begins on Friday.

More Flexibility Sought

The rules are now being reviewed by Congress, which has the power to delay them
for up to four months. If Congress expresses objections in that period, the
department may try to accommodate it. But the rules take effect at the end of
the four months unless Congress has passed a law to modify or invalidate the
rules.

The department said the purpose of the new rules was to give cities ''greater
flexibility'' in using block grants, to curtail ''improper Federal intervention
in the local decision-making process'' and to help achieve President Reagan's
overall goal of reducing Government regulation.

John J. Gunther, executive director of the United States Conference of Mayors,
criticized the rules. He said they ''fly in the face of Congress'' and
jeopardize the future of the program.

'Withdrawing From Field'

''The Government should conduct that review,'' he said. ''It's a basic statutory
obligation. We wanted Congress to loosen up details of the requirements to give
us more flexibility, but we didn't propose abandoning the requirement to provide
benefits for low-@ and moderate-income people.

''The department is withdrawing from the field,'' Mr. Gunther said. ''We never
expected that, and we know Congress didn't. This is a step toward making
community development block grants into general revenue sharing, and we do not
support that.''

Anthony B. Gliedman, Commissioner of the New York City Department of Housing
Preservation and Development, said, ''We are so committed to rehabilitating and
revitalizing neighborhoods that the vast majority of our money will still be
used to provide services to people of low and moderate income.'' But he said
that other cities might be under financial and political pressures to divert
money from the poor.

Block grants provide lump sums of money to state or local governments to cover
broad areas of activity. They usually replace several smaller grant programs
under which money was earmarked for specific, narrowly defined purposes. The
Community Development Block Grant has existed since 1974, but last year
Congress, at the request of President Reagan, created eight additional block
grants for health care, social services, education and other purposes.

Under the community grant program, moderate income is defined as 80 percent of
the median income in a metropolitan area, while low income is defined as 50
percent of the median. The numbers may be adjusted slightly to take account of
high construction costs. Federal officials said that for a family of four in New
York City, the thresholds for low and moderate income were $14,250 and $21,750 a
year.

In trimming Federal programs such as welfare, Medicaid, food stamps and
guaranteed student loans, President Reagan has repeatedly stated a desire to
direct benefits to the neediest people while reducing aid to middle-@ or
upper-income families.

Coalition Sees Harm of Poor

Paul G. Bloyd, the director of a coalition of civil rights and antipoverty
groups, who has monitored use of community development grants in 80 cities, said
the new rules would permit city officials to use Federal money for projects that
result in the ''displacement of poor people.'' The rules, he said, ''reduce the
likelihood that local project activities will benefit low-@ and moderate-income
people because the Federal enforcement agency is stating that it will not look
for that factor in performance review.''

The review, he said, has become particularly important because Congress in 1981
deleted the requirement for cities to submit detailed applications for community
development money. Cities now need to submit only a ''statement of community
development objectives and projected use of funds,'' together with commitments
to follow civil rights and other laws.

Jack R. Stokvis, an official at the Department of Housing and Urban Development,
said, ''The policy of this Administration is not to create more burdens on
cities, but to give them more flexibility in running their programs.''

Under the new rules, Federal money could be used for construction of a
multifamily housing project if at least 20 percent of the units were for people
with low and moderate incomes. Under the current rules, at least 50 percent of
the units have to be occupied initially by people with low and moderate incomes.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             439 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                            January 12, 2007 Friday
                                 FINAL Edition

Builder plans apartments for homeless;
Florence House, due to open in Portland in late 2008, will aid chronically
homeless women.

BYLINE: KELLEY BOUCHARD Staff Writer

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 757 words

DATELINE: Portland


An apartment building with facilities for 50 chronically homeless women will be
under construction on Valley Street in Portland by November, Avesta Housing
officials announced Thursday.

Avesta plans to build Florence House at 180-198 Valley St., a mixed residential,
commercial and industrial neighborhood on the western end of the downtown
peninsula.

The $6.9 million project is modeled after Logan Place, a 30-unit apartment
building for chronically homeless men and women that opened on Frederic Street
in March 2005.

Like Logan Place, Florence House would be operated by Preble Street, a social
service agency that runs the Preble Street Resource Center and other programs
that help homeless people.

In the beginning, Logan Place had problems with rowdy tenants, disorderly
visitors and unhappy neighbors. Preble Street quickly increased security
measures, cracked down on unwanted guests and won many supporters for Logan
Place. Those at Thursday's news conference believe Florence House will be a
similar success.

''Logan Place is a blessing for what it gives my father every day: a roof over
his head, a shower, a bed,'' said Amanda Meader, 28, an Avesta board member who
is a lawyer with Bernstein Shur in Portland. ''Adding Florence House to the mix
is such a wondrous blessing as to leave me speechless, almost.''

Avesta has secured $6.3 million in state grants, low-income tax credits, housing
subsidies and foundation grants to build Florence House. The remaining $600,000
will be sought from other sources, including the city of Portland. Mayor
Nicholas Mavodones Jr. and City Councilor David Marshall voiced their support
for the project.

Avesta and Preble Street's goal is to provide permanent, staff-supported housing
for women who stay regularly at the Oxford Street Shelter. The city-operated
shelter also serves men.

Oxford Street provided emergency shelter to about 29 women each night during the
last year, Avesta officials said. Of the 305 women who used the shelter during
that period, 21 stayed more than 121 nights.

Florence House also may help make up for the 50 rooming-house units jeopardized
by the recent closure of the YWCA of Greater Portland's Spring Street
headquarters. The property is up for sale and the City Council has yet to
determine if the future owner will have to maintain those units under a housing
preservation ordinance.

Avesta and Preble Street started developing Florence House in May 2005, but the
YWCA's closing in October leaves housing advocates feeling as though they're
losing ground.

''We're trying to take steps forward and the Y closing was a step backward,''
said Mark Swann, Preble Street's executive director.

Florence House is named for Florence Young, a social worker who was an intern,
staff member and board member at Preble Street for more than 20 years and still
volunteers there.

Florence House would offer three types of housing. For women able to live
independently, 25 furnished apartments would include a kitchen, a
living/sleeping area and a full bathroom.

Safe Haven, another section of Florence House, would provide semiprivate, shared
living space for 15 women who are developing the ability and self-confidence to
live independently. Florence House also would have 10 emergency beds for
temporarily homeless women.

Gov. John Baldacci applauded Avesta and Preble Street for embracing a national
trend to provide transitional housing for chronically homeless people. ''It
makes a great deal of economic ... and moral sense,'' Baldacci said, noting that
communities spend $25,000 to $50,000 per homeless person on police calls and
emergency medical care.

That cost nearly disappeared for some residents of Logan Place. They include 11
people who generated 175 calls for police or emergency medical care in the six
months before Logan Place opened. During the year after they moved into Logan
Place, those same 11 people generated 11 calls for service, Swann said.

Designed by Gawron Turgeon Architects of Scarborough, plans for Florence House
would be submitted to the city later this year, said Dana Totman, Avesta's
president. The building would open in December 2008.

Avesta plans to include neighbors in the planning process. One is already on
board.

''If you take care of needy folks in your community, it helps the community,''
said Robert Moldaver, who lives at St. John and D streets and is a Preble Street
board member. ''If you take care of your community, it increases property
values.''


Staff Writer Kelley Bouchard can be contacted at 791-6328 or at:

kbouchard@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             440 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                             July 11, 1999, Sunday

A HARVEST OF HEADACHES

BYLINE: BY DICK SHERIDAN Daily News Staff Writer

SECTION: Suburban; Pg.  1

LENGTH: 841 words


JAMES BARBER STOOD in the withering heat of a 100-degree July day and looked
over 10 aboveground wooden boxes that sat side by side in the community garden
at the corner of Remington St. and Shore Ave. in South Jamaica.

The former heavy-equipment operator, who has been retired since he had heart
problems in 1987, shook his head at the small leafy vegetables and flowers that
were struggling to poke through the dry soil in the boxes.

"They're a lot behind where they should be at this time of year," said Barber, a
native of rural South Carolina who has lived on Remington St. for almost 30
years. "We got a very late start this year."

It was neither heat nor a lack of water that delayed the growth. It was
bureaucracy.

For a dozen years, Barber has been a member of the Dunton Civic Block
Association, which operates the 100-by-25-foot garden at the corner of Remington
and Shore. It is run under the auspices of the city's 20-year-old Green Thumb
program.

"We preserve some of what we grow and give away the rest," Barber said of the
produce he and neighbors grow.

In addition to the garden boxes built by Carl Green, a carpenter who lives in
the neighborhood the garden contains an open-sided shelter with benches. The
shelter also was built by Green with lumber supplied by Green Thumb.

"There used to be a house here, but it burned down sometime back in the '70s,"
said Theodore Jones, 66, who is raising cabbages, tomatoes and collard greens in
one of the garden boxes.

Green Thumb is funded by federal community development block grants and provides
materials and technical assistance to local groups that want to create gardens
on unused city land.

"At the peak, back in the early '90s," said Edie Stone, Green Thumb director of
community outreach, "there were roughly 1,000 of these gardens. Now there are
about 700."

Early each spring, said Barber, he and his neighbors would begin to prepare the
soil in the garden boxes for planting. But not this year.

"Back around the beginning of the year, the city told us we couldn't come in
here anymore and that we couldn't work on the garden," he said.

The city had transferred 400 gardens and license-issuing authority from Green
Thumb, which operates under the umbrella of the Parks Department, to the city
Department of Housing Preservation and Development.

The department had plans to auction off more than 100 gardens. The plan was part
of a larger scheme to return 11,000 vacant city-owned lots to the tax rolls.

After decades of encouraging community gardens, the city, which never gave up
its right to reclaim the plots, was going to auction off 112 gardens so that
housing and commercial structures could be erected on the lots.

The idea did not sit well with the gardeners.

In February, following a series of public hearings, 30 community gardeners some
dressed as flowers and bumblebees were arrested for holding a 1960s-style sit-in
at City Hall to protest the plan.

In early May, a gardeners group called the Green Guerrillas filed suit in
Brooklyn Supreme Court seeking to block the auction. More gardeners and their
supporters were arrested.

"No one's ever even seen anyone from the city out here to look over our
community garden," said Karen Dinegar of the Van Nostrand Court Association in
Little Neck, one of those who entered the suit.

"Everyone thinks this is something that is only happening in minority
neighborhoods," she said. "It's not. We live in attached houses and have very
little garden space."

Dinegar said the group's community garden was atypical. "We call it a green
space," she said.

Despite the actions of the gardeners, the community gardens looked almost
certain to be plowed under.

But then, just a day before the auction was to be held, the New York Restoration
Project a preservationist group chaired by performer Bette Midler offered $ 1.2
million to purchase 51 of the lots.

"We need community gardens," said Joseph Pupello, president of the restoration
project. "They give communities a sense of place."

Midler's offer cleared the way for the Trust for Public Land, which had been
dickering with the city to buy the lots, to purchase the remaining parcels for $
3 million.

In all, 11 community gardens in Queens were purchased by the two groups.

"We did better than we expected," said Dinegar, whose garden was rescued from
the auction block by the restoration project.

The rescued gardens, said Susan Clark, a spokeswoman for Trust for Public Land,
will likely be grouped into community-based land trusts headed by gardeners,
community activists and others. "Then we will transfer ownership to the land
trusts," she said.

However, Clark said, another 20 or so community gardens in Queens remain under
the gun.

"We think that the real answer to the question of what to do about the issue of
open space in the city is not private purchase, as occurred in this case," she
said.

Notes: List of community gardens in Queens not available electronically.


LOAD-DATE: July 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SHANNON STAPLETON GREEN THUMBS: James Barber (l.), Enoch Chaneyfield
and Theodore Jones tend to the Dunton Civic Block Association garden on
Remington St. and Shore Ave. in South Jamaica.

                        Copyright 1999 Daily News, L.P.


                             441 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Corning Observer (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 18, 2008 Friday

SHHIP program focused on helping the community

BYLINE: Corning Observer, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 386 words


Jul. 18--For the last 35 years the Self Help Improvement Project, Inc. (SHHIP),
has been providing a much needed public service to the residents in Tehama and
Shasta counties.

SHHIP, along with other related programs such as the Home Energy Assistance
Program are funded by different state, federal departments.

While these programs provide many functions, the primary purpose is the
implementation of energy efficient programs and housing projects.

The Energy Partners Program (EPP) is funded by PG&E to help their customers save
money on their utility bills by installing energy efficient weatherization
measures.

EPP provides water heater blankets, low flow showerheads, door
weather-stripping. attic insulation, caulking, energy education and information
free to eligible PG&E customers.

Another SHHIP program is Heating and Cooling Repair Assistance, which is funded
by the State Department of Communtiy Services and Development. The program can
provide assistance with repairing or replacing faulty, or non-operating heating
and/or air conditioning equipment.

The Housing Preservation Grant, which is for health and safety repairs also
falls under those same type of eligibility requirements, as does the Self-Help
Rehab program which helps with roofing, plumbing, electrical, interior and
exterior repairs or improvements, and handicap required remodeling.

These three programs are available to those who meet the eligibility
requirements which includes the number of people living in the home and the
occupants' yearly income.

A program that has already been a great benefit to many Corning residents is the
Self-Help Construction program in which eligible participants are able to work
for a portion of their mortgage through "sweat equity." The result is a
subsidized mortgage payment that makes home ownership possible.

For more information on these programs call Keith Griffith at (530) 378-6900.

To see more of the Corning Observer or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.corning-observer.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Corning Observer, Calif.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080718-YF-UTILITIES-AID-20080718

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YF


                                 Copyright 2008


                             442 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Cape Cod Times (Hyannis, Massachesetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 25, 2008 Monday

Historian challenges town funds for Cape Rep restoration

BYLINE: Robin Lord, Cape Cod Times, Hyannis, Mass.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1029 words


Feb. 25--BREWSTER -- A wary local historian has questioned a theater company's
request for Community Preservation Act money to help restore a historic house on
state land.

Historical commission member and town archivist Ellen St. Sure questions whether
Cape Rep Theatre's plan to restore the historic Crosby Cape House on Route 6A is
financially worth it for the town -- and whether it meets CPA requirements.

Brewster adopted the Community Preservation Act in 2005. The fund is fed by a 3
percent property surtax that is matched 100 percent by the state.

The fund, which receives about $1 million per year in Brewster, can be used for
only three things: open space, affordable housing and preservation of historic
buildings and landscapes.

The $200,000 request to renovate the Crosby Cape House on Route 6A was approved
by the local CPA committee last month. The money must ultimately be approved at
town meeting. At the moment, the town has about $1 million available in CPA
funds.

The theater company, which operates out of a 7-acre portion of the former Camp
Monomoy property across from Nickerson State Park, will soon embark on a
$600,000 project to restore the house. It wants to create a five-bedroom house
for two or three year-round staff, and several seasonal employees, said director
Janine Perry. The group has had a hard time finding qualified staff because of
the high cost of housing, she said.

While the local historical commission voted in December to recommend the Cape
Rep grant to the CPA committee, St. Sure and another member, Joan Carstanjen,
voted against it. Carstanjen did not return a telephone call on Friday.

St. Sure has continued to speak out against the proposal. She questions whether
local taxpayer money should be used for a private project that will, in the end,
belong to the state. She wonders whether CPA money can be used for projects on
leased land, and whether the state could eventually claim the house for its own
use.

Historical commission Chairman Susan Carr and her husband, CPA committee
Chairman Elliot Carr, both said they are satisfied that the project meets all of
the CPA requirements.

Perry argued that the theater group, which has been in operation since 1991, is
very invested in the community. The site, which runs along Route 6A and Linnell
Road, hosted more than 14,000 people last year, she said. In addition to the
theater productions, school and recreation groups use the facility.

"We've put in enormous amounts of money just to maintain walking trails," she
said.

The state Department of Conservation and Recreation has jurisdiction over the
property. It supports the project, according to a letter written by the lease
program manager, Todd Lafleur. The letter was written last year for use by Cape
Rep in its grant application process.

A legal opinion from the department was not available on Friday, because the two
staffers that know the details of the Brewster lease were on vacation, according
to DCR spokeswoman Wendy Fox.

The theater group is hoping the town CPA money can be used to leverage other
grants. State Rep. Cleon Turner, D-Dennis, and state Sen. Robert O'Leary,
D-Barnstable, have each written letters of support of the group's application to
the Massachusetts Cultural Facilities Fund capital grant program.

Guidelines outlining how CPA revenue -- raised through a 3 percent real estate
surtax and matched by the state -- can be spent have been called purposely vague
by town officials trying to interpret the rules.

Generally, municipal funds must be used for public projects, state Department of
Revenue spokesman Robert Bliss said Friday. But, municipalities can give to
private projects, as long as they are set up to ensure public benefit, he said.
The CPA law is "a grass-roots law" that is up to local officials to monitor, he
said.

Nearly all Cape Cod towns, as well as Nantucket and Martha's Vineyard, have
adopted the act, and many have used CPA to support private projects. Nantucket
gave $290,000 for the restoration of the United Methodist Church. Falmouth gave
$16,300 to preserve the Methodist Society Burying Ground. And Dennis donated
$160,000 of CPA money to the Dennis Union Church for exterior renovation work.

But the rub for St. Sure and at least two Brewster Finance Committee members
comes from the fact that the town is being asked to give money to a group that
does not own the property.

The finance committee heard about the Cape Rep project for the first time on
Wednesday. Committee chairman and vice chairman Donald Schober and Greg
Lavasseur said that, while they had not made up their minds about the request,
they have asked the CPA committee and Cape Rep representatives to come to the
March 12 meeting with more information.

Perry's group, which operates on an annual budget of about $350,000, leases the
property from the state for $1 per year. It has paid all of the rent for the 41
years remaining on the lease, Perry said.

The contract calls for the theater company to renovate the three structures on
the property. The former 1959 camp dining hall and outdoor theater have already
been done, she said.

Perry said she is stung by St. Sure's criticism. "We've gone through a very long
research process on this," she said. "I would encourage anyone to get their
facts straight."

There are nine members on the CPA committee. Four are appointed by selectmen and
one each by the conservation commission, planning board, Old King's Highway
Historic District Commission, housing authority and recreation commission.

In Brewster, 50 percent of CPA funds must be spent on open space, and 10 percent
each on community housing and historic preservation. The remaining 30 percent
may be spent on community housing or historic preservation plus recreational
purposes.

To see more of the Cape Cod Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.capecodonline.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Cape Cod Times, Hyannis, Mass.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080225-CA-HIST-HOUSE-RESTORE-20080225

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CA


                         Copyright 2008 Cape Code Times


                             443 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           January 23, 2014 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

De Blasio Sets Ambitious Goal for Affordable Apartments

BYLINE: By MIREYA NAVARRO

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 1282 words


After Mayor Edward I. Koch instituted his housing plan in the 1980s, New York
City created tens of thousands of affordable apartments by renovating vacant
buildings in neighborhoods that had been ravaged by arson and abandonment.

More than two decades later, Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg, with far less
unoccupied property at his disposal, poured money into preserving
government-subsidized and rent-stabilized residences as well as into building
some new units.

Now Mayor Bill de Blasio, who made the shortage of housing for lower-income New
Yorkers a top campaign issue, is promising to build or preserve 200,000
affordable units over 10 years. In setting such a goal, Mr. de Blasio is seeking
to do more than either Mr. Koch, whose effort yielded more than 190,000 units
over 13 years, or Mr. Bloomberg, whose push saved or added 165,000 units over 12
years.

It is a lofty goal, experts said, and Mr. de Blasio and his aides said it must
be, given the pace of change washing over the city. Apartments affordable to
people with low or moderate incomes are being lost to deregulation faster than
units can be created or preserved. With federal housing funds diminishing, the
city housing authority is struggling to maintain many of its 334 projects, and
it has no plans to add more. And much of the new residential construction in the
city is not being built with poor New Yorkers in mind.

''You should be ambitious,'' said Vicki L. Been, director of the Furman Center
for Real Estate and Urban Policy at New York University, ''but we should be
realistic about what that would require.''

Housing was central to Mr. de Blasio's tale-of-two-cities electoral campaign,
and he has promised aggressive measures. He said he wanted to steer $1 billion
of city pension funds to the construction of lower-rent units. He said he would
raise taxes on vacant land to close a tax loophole and spur development. He
favors legalizing some illegal basement and cellar apartments.

And in one of the biggest departures from his predecessor's approach, Mr. de
Blasio said he would require, rather than encourage, developers to set aside new
units for low- and moderate-income renters in major residential construction
projects.

Alicia Glen, the new deputy mayor for housing and economic development, said in
an interview that the administration had just begun the process of translating
Mr. de Blasio's objectives into an operational plan, but she said that it
expected to invest ''as much, if not more'' than Mayor Bloomberg did on creating
and preserving affordable homes.

The cuts in federal subsidy programs, as deep as 45 percent in some cases, are
''not optimal,'' she conceded. ''That's the challenge that we face, but we're
committed to figuring out what other resources we can bring to bear,'' she said.

The Bloomberg administration invested more than $5.3 billion in affordable
housing and rezoned large swaths of the city to spur development. Angela Sung
Pinsky, a senior vice president at the Real Estate Board of New York, said that
the major rezonings and easily available financing helped achieve ''some of the
most prolific and sustained housing production in recent history,'' but warned
that conditions may not be as favorable now.

Jeff Levine, a developer who took advantage of the rezonings to build and
include affordable units, said of the 200,000-unit goal, ''It'd take an
incredibly intelligent effort on the part of the public and private sectors.''

But affordable housing advocates say Mr. de Blasio comes to office with one
critical advantage -- his stated commitment to more-equitable housing policies.
They point at the program known as inclusionary zoning, under which the
Bloomberg administration gave developers the option to build bigger if they made
20 percent of the new homes affordable.

The strategy led to nearly 3,000 new affordable apartments, but a mandatory
program, like the one Mr. de Blasio has proposed, could produce 25,000 to
50,000, depending on how much more land is rezoned, according to some estimates.

Under Mayor Bloomberg the idea was that all development is good, said Moses
Gates, director of housing assistance for the Association for Neighborhood and
Housing Development, an advocacy group. ''The shift we need to see to put a dent
in our affordability crisis is, we want developers to build what the city needs,
rather than just get stuff built.''

Other cities like Boston and Denver already require developments over a certain
size to set aside affordable units, but the programs are not without downsides.
The requirement could make some prospective projects less profitable, or not
profitable, and lead developers to reconsider projects altogether, housing
experts said.

But some housing groups, elected officials and developers argue that under Mr.
Bloomberg, large-scale projects in hot areas like the West Side of Manhattan and
the Greenpoint/Williamsburg waterfront in Brooklyn have been too profitable.
They say the city should not offer subsidies and tax exemptions to developers
who have seen their land values surge because of the rezoning and who should be
able to add the affordable units without government aid.

''None of the land value was captured for public benefit,'' Martin Dunn, a
developer of affordable housing, said of some of the inclusionary deals. He said
the limited government subsidies should go instead to help create affordable
units in lower-income neighborhoods, which are less coveted by market-rate
developers.

Mr. de Blasio has said he wants both stricter standards for the subsidies --
which he calls ''giveaways'' -- and affordability requirements for subsidized
units so that they are accessible to more low-income households. Like his
predecessors, however, Mr. de Blasio must also devote resources to maintaining
the city's stock of about one million rent-regulated apartments, which is
cheaper than building new units. The city keeps many of these apartments from
turning market-rate by providing loans, tax incentives and other assistance to
buildings whose government subsidies are set to expire.

Of the 165,000 affordable units attributed to Mr. Bloomberg's housing
strategies, more than 100,000 were preserved using such incentives, officials
from his administration said. Still, the city continues to lose more affordable
units than it creates. The share of regulated apartments is now less than half
-- 47 percent -- compared with 53 percent in 2002, 54 percent in 1991 and 61
percent in 1981, Furman Center research shows.

''It is a constant pressure on New Yorkers and on the city government to address
that issue,'' said Marc Jahr, who until recently was the president of the New
York City Housing Development Corporation, which finances affordable housing.

Mr. Jahr said there was a net loss of 60,000 rent-regulated apartments during
Mr. Bloomberg's tenure. But he said that looking at only numbers overlooks how
whole neighborhoods have been revitalized with the city's investment in
affordable housing.

Mr. de Blasio is well aware of the challenge created by the attrition of
affordable housing. ''We are in many ways treading water,'' he told the
Association for a Better New York in October.

To make truly transformative changes in the supply of affordable housing, Mr. de
Blasio would most likely need to find a way to change the state law covering
rent increases and apartment regulation. He has told tenant groups that he will
go to Albany with them to fight to repeal the statute that gave the state
control over rent regulation in the city.

''If you made it more difficult for private landlords to remove units,'' said
Alex Schwartz, a professor of urban policy at the New School, ''that'd be a
great improvement.''

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/01/23/nyregion/de-blasio-sets-ambitious-goal-for-aff
ordable-apartments.html

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: 190,000 UNITS OVER 13 YEARS: Mayor Edward I. Koch, right, and
Abe Biderman, commissioner of the city's Department of Housing, Preservation and
Development, at a building under renovation in the South Bronx in 1988.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY NEAL BOENZI/THE NEW YORK TIMES) (A20)
 Under Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg, above in 2004 at construction in Brooklyn,
165,000 affordable units were built or preserved. (PHOTOGRAPH BY RUBY
WASHINGTON/THE NEW YORK TIMES) (A23)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                             444 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                           September 2, 2004 Thursday

DEVELOPERS SHOW GROWING CONFIDENCE IN HARLEM MARKET

BYLINE: By JULIE SATOW, Staff Reporter of the Sun

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 752 words


A greater number of developers building luxury apartments in Harlem are doing so
without the help of government subsidies, evidence of a turning point in the
uptown market, industry experts say.

"This signals a change in the nature of the market in Harlem," said the head of
research for the Real Estate Board of New York, Michael Slattery.

"It shows developers' confidence that the market will uphold such investments,"
said developer Matt Blesso, who is making his first foray into Harlem with a
luxury loft building at 138 W. 124th St.

Driving demand for luxury apartments in Harlem is the high cost of real estate
elsewhere in Manhattan, a plan by Columbia University to develop parts of the
area, and a resurgence of retail on 125th Street, Mr. Slattery said.
Transportation infrastructure is also a boon to the area, as is Harlem's
proximity to well-established high-density neighborhoods on the Upper West and
Upper East Sides.

"I think it is fair to say that given all of the recent city investment in
affordable housing, as well as broader trends such as declining crime rates,
that privately financed development is increasing in Harlem," said the
spokeswoman for the city's Department of Housing Preservation and Development,
Carol Abrams.

Ms. Abrams said the trend is "still a somewhat limited phenomenon." Still, she
added that, "From our perspective and what we're hearing from developers, there
is definitely more private market development happening."

The luxury developments are targeting buyers who have been priced out of
downtown Manhattan, artists or families looking for large spaces, and local
Harlem residents with higher incomes.

Mr. Blesso's development includes 30 lofts with Kohler fixtures and marble
baths, and original architecture including terra cotta walls, Roebling arches,
and barrel-vaulted ceilings. The units are expected to come on line in 2006, and
Mr. Blesso hopes to charge a mini mum of $600 a square foot.

Like a growing number of high-end developers, he is not using low-income loans
or tax breaks offered by the city and state to developers in return for
including middle- or low-income units in their developments. Mr. Blesso and
other developers are taking advantage of tax abatements common throughout
Manhattan for new developments and not specific to Harlem.

"A lot of buildings were going up in Harlem that were small railroad flats with
low-end finishes, and I felt that as the area became solidly middle class, a
second wave of more affluent people would move in and demand more luxury," said
the president of Bridge Capital, Stanley Wolfson. Mr. Wolfson's development at
257 West 117th St. is the first building in Harlem to sell an apartment for more
than $1 million. The units were put on the market in March at a rate of $500 a
square foot, and the price has since been raised to nearly $700 a square foot.

The units feature Brazilian cherry wood floors, stainless-steel appliances, and
wood-burning fireplaces. The two bedroom units are 2,200 square feet in size,
more than double the 800-squarefeet normally allocated a two-bedroom in
Manhattan.

"The prices are justified by the size and the amenities," said Tony Oakley of
the Corcoran Group. Mr. Oakley has the exclusive on the building with his
partner Lawrence Comroe.

"We had one buyer recently who is a partner at a major law firm with a wife and
three kids. He bought a 2,400-square-foot three-bedroom for under $1.5 million,
and would have spent $3 million to $5 million for the same thing on Central Park
West," Mr. Wolfson said. The 16-unit building is 60% sold, and Mr. Wolfson is
working on another development on Third Avenue in Harlem that would bring a
couple hundred more luxury condos to the market.

Another luxury development is rising at 2119 Fifth Ave. at 131st Street.
RoseTree Development's condominiums are nearly all sold and will be ready for
occupancy in the fall. The units have sold for about $425 a square foot.

"We don't do affordable housing, so by building here we are saying a market for
luxury condos does exist," said RoseTree's vice president of finance, Roy
Rosenbaum. The firm is developing three more high-end buildings in Harlem to be
completed by late 2005, Mr. Rosenbaum added.

"We are ahead of the curve, looking not where the market is now, but where it is
going to be in the next few years," Mr. Blesso said. "Even one year ago, Harlem
could only attract developers with city or state incentives and developers who
would build fairly low-end products, but this is changing."

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2004 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             445 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                           September 2, 2004 Thursday

DEVELOPERS SHOW GROWING CONFIDENCE IN HARLEM MARKET

BYLINE: By JULIE SATOW, Staff Reporter of the Sun

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 752 words


A greater number of developers building luxury apartments in Harlem are doing so
without the help of government subsidies, evidence of a turning point in the
uptown market, industry experts say.

"This signals a change in the nature of the market in Harlem," said the head of
research for the Real Estate Board of New York, Michael Slattery.

"It shows developers' confidence that the market will uphold such investments,"
said developer Matt Blesso, who is making his first foray into Harlem with a
luxury loft building at 138 W. 124th St.

Driving demand for luxury apartments in Harlem is the high cost of real estate
elsewhere in Manhattan, a plan by Columbia University to develop parts of the
area, and a resurgence of retail on 125th Street, Mr. Slattery said.
Transportation infrastructure is also a boon to the area, as is Harlem's
proximity to well-established high-density neighborhoods on the Upper West and
Upper East Sides.

"I think it is fair to say that given all of the recent city investment in
affordable housing, as well as broader trends such as declining crime rates,
that privately financed development is increasing in Harlem," said the
spokeswoman for the city's Department of Housing Preservation and Development,
Carol Abrams.

Ms. Abrams said the trend is "still a somewhat limited phenomenon." Still, she
added that, "From our perspective and what we're hearing from developers, there
is definitely more private market development happening."

The luxury developments are targeting buyers who have been priced out of
downtown Manhattan, artists or families looking for large spaces, and local
Harlem residents with higher incomes.

Mr. Blesso's development includes 30 lofts with Kohler fixtures and marble
baths, and original architecture including terra cotta walls, Roebling arches,
and barrel-vaulted ceilings. The units are expected to come on line in 2006, and
Mr. Blesso hopes to charge a mini mum of $600 a square foot.

Like a growing number of high-end developers, he is not using low-income loans
or tax breaks offered by the city and state to developers in return for
including middle- or low-income units in their developments. Mr. Blesso and
other developers are taking advantage of tax abatements common throughout
Manhattan for new developments and not specific to Harlem.

"A lot of buildings were going up in Harlem that were small railroad flats with
low-end finishes, and I felt that as the area became solidly middle class, a
second wave of more affluent people would move in and demand more luxury," said
the president of Bridge Capital, Stanley Wolfson. Mr. Wolfson's development at
257 West 117th St. is the first building in Harlem to sell an apartment for more
than $1 million. The units were put on the market in March at a rate of $500 a
square foot, and the price has since been raised to nearly $700 a square foot.

The units feature Brazilian cherry wood floors, stainless-steel appliances, and
wood-burning fireplaces. The two bedroom units are 2,200 square feet in size,
more than double the 800-squarefeet normally allocated a two-bedroom in
Manhattan.

"The prices are justified by the size and the amenities," said Tony Oakley of
the Corcoran Group. Mr. Oakley has the exclusive on the building with his
partner Lawrence Comroe.

"We had one buyer recently who is a partner at a major law firm with a wife and
three kids. He bought a 2,400-square-foot three-bedroom for under $1.5 million,
and would have spent $3 million to $5 million for the same thing on Central Park
West," Mr. Wolfson said. The 16-unit building is 60% sold, and Mr. Wolfson is
working on another development on Third Avenue in Harlem that would bring a
couple hundred more luxury condos to the market.

Another luxury development is rising at 2119 Fifth Ave. at 131st Street.
RoseTree Development's condominiums are nearly all sold and will be ready for
occupancy in the fall. The units have sold for about $425 a square foot.

"We don't do affordable housing, so by building here we are saying a market for
luxury condos does exist," said RoseTree's vice president of finance, Roy
Rosenbaum. The firm is developing three more high-end buildings in Harlem to be
completed by late 2005, Mr. Rosenbaum added.

"We are ahead of the curve, looking not where the market is now, but where it is
going to be in the next few years," Mr. Blesso said. "Even one year ago, Harlem
could only attract developers with city or state incentives and developers who
would build fairly low-end products, but this is changing."

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2004 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             446 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                Daily News (NY)

                             August 8, 2005, Monday

Hardship for homeowners in New York City

BYLINE: By Lore Croghan

LENGTH: 1075 words



When Harwin Lissone's phone rang at 5 a.m. one Monday last winter, it was
trouble calling.

As soon as he stepped out of bed, his feet squished on the carpet, which was
soaked by a flood of water covering his bedroom floor. His tenant in the
apartment upstairs was calling to alert him to the water problem. Icy water from
a storm had seeped through a leak in the roof, causing his tenant's ceiling to
sag.

The leak is one of many problems Lissone's had with a two-family home he bought
last year in East New York, Brooklyn -- problems shared by numerous homebuyers
in an affordable development called Blake Housing.

Lissone -- a city employee who makes less than $ 50,000 per year -- spent 10
years saving for a down payment for his first home purchase. He carried
bag-lunches to work and limiting himself to one-dollar breakfasts of tea and a
bagel. Now the joy of becoming a homeowner has faded.

"This dream has turned into a nightmare," he said.

Lissone and his neighbors have formed a homeowners association to try to get
their houses fixed before their one-year construction warranties expire. The
clock is ticking -- some residents moved in last fall.

Residents are dismayed that their homes -- the first they've ever owned -- have
problems that are more typical of grim old tenements than freshly built houses.
They've got mice indoors, rust on their crumbling concrete stoops outdoors --
and the fear that a fire hazard lurks behind their walls.

The homeowners group -- which represents 36 houses on Blake and Sutter avenues,
and Atkins, Logan, Milford and Montauk streets -- is facing off against
developer Alex Arker, who's an owner of family-held Arker Cos. of Woodmere, L.I.

Arker -- a long-time player in government-sponsored affordable housing
throughout New York City -- defended the quality of work at Blake Housing,
despite the continuing problems there.

"We have built our reputation one brick at a time, creating affordable homes in
communities, and recapturing their pride," said spokesman Gary Lewi. "It is
unconscionable to suggest otherwise."

The company got government subsidies to build the houses, including a low
purchase price for the land, which was city-owned. It sold the two-family homes
for $ 237,662 apiece, to first-time buyers with low or moderate incomes of $
38,000 to $ 70,000 per year.

The builder acknowledged problems with the houses, but said it has responded to
them.

"As in any project, there have been a number of items that needed repair, or to
be redone, and we have done so," said spokesman Lewi. Arker even gave cash to
two homeowners to hire their own contractors for repairs -- but those homeowners
continue to lodge complaints, he added.

The complaints keep coming because the problems persist, numerous homeowners
told Your Money. Even when workmen come to make repairs, they don't really solve
the problems, residents said.

"They come in and fix things, but they don't stay fixed," explained homeowner
Peggy Keane.

In several houses Your Money toured, cracks were visible on ceilings, walls and
ground floors. Homeowners said workmen had patched other cracks -- and later
these new ones appeared. Your Money saw nails and screws poking through plaster
walls and ceilings. Other nails and screws had been hammered out of sight,
homeowners said. Tiles were loose in many bathrooms and kitchens -- though
repairs had been done previously, homeowners said.

In many houses, sheetrock seams were visible on the plaster surfaces of walls
and ceilings. Some homeowners said their walls had been repainted -- but the
seams still show.

"I'm tired," said homeowner Patrick Chan, referring to the frequent calls he
makes to ask Arker for further repairs.

Some problems make the new houses look prematurely old -- like rust that's run
off metal railings and stained the front steps, whose concrete is cracking and
crumbling in spots.

One problem is a potential health hazard. Many houses are infested with mice,
which get in through large holes that were cut in the walls for small radiator
pipes. Some homeowners have filled the holes with spray foam, others with steel
wool. But they're still seeing the rodents, they said.

Another complaint regards a potential fire hazard. Michelle Walker found out
that the light-switch boxes at her house are not wrapped with electrical tape,
as they should be. Several neighbors who heard about her problem checked their
light-switch boxes and found they aren't taped either, they said.

Walker's a former resident of Linden Houses, a public-housing project in East
New York. It was nicer than the house she bought, she said.

"I'm not used to living like this," she lamented. "The project was built right."

The homeowners have complained to Blake Housing's two sponsors, the city Housing
Preservation and Development department and the New York City Housing
Partnership.

"We need to get what we paid for," said Allen Hand, president of the Blake
Housing Homeowners Association.

Both sponsors told Your Money they'll work with Arker to get the houses fixed.

"The developer has an obligation to the homebuyers -- and we will bridge the gap
between their concerns and the developer," said Carol Abrams, spokeswoman for
city Housing Preservation.

"We are trying to make sure all the homeowners' concerns are satisfied," said
Dan Martin, CEO of the New York City Housing Partnership.

The city Department of Buildings also pledged to get involved -- giving
homeowners a glimmer of hope for a solution to their problems. The department
recently intervened in a dispute between homeowners at an affordable project in
Edgemere, Queens, and their developer.

Brooklyn's Deputy Borough Commissioner of Buildings, Thomas Fariello, is
scheduled to meet today with the homeowners association and a rep from the
Housing Preservation department.

"We will go out to take a look at some of the homes -- to be able to eyeball
their concerns, and get some specific remedies in place," said Buildings
department spokeswoman Ilyse Fink.


-----

To see more of the Daily News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.NYDailyNews.com. Copyright (c) 2005, Daily News, New York

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: NY-HOUSING-HARDSHIP-20050808

JOURNAL-CODE: NY

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                         Copyright 2005 Daily News (NY)


                             447 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 24, 1981, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

$7.5 MILLION TO UPGRADE HOUSING SET

BYLINE: By JAMES BARDEN

SECTION: Section 8; Page 1, Column 4; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 925 words


A Federal program created seven years ago, in part to help preserve
deteriorating but occupied big city apartment buildings by insuring money for
their rehabilitation, is finally scheduled to gets its first test. It will come
in two pilot projects in New York City, one in Brooklyn's Flatbush section and
the other in the northwest Bronx that includes a portion of the South Bronx
along the Grand Concourse.

The Department of Housing and Urban Development, having designated the
neighborhooods Target Area Preservations projects, is making $7.5 million
available to each in long-term low-interest loans that will come from the
Government National Mortgage Association and be insured by the Federal Housing
Administration. H.U.D. policymakers are working on the terms under which
apartment owners can apply for what the department has labeled ''tandem
assistance'' - the association's money and the F.H.A. insurance. These criteria
should be ready within the month and the funds available before September, a
department spokesman said.

The mortgage insurance is being granted under Section 223(f), under which the
Government had previously insured rehabilitation loans for multifamily buildings
in small cities and in inner-suburban areas where the loans were considered
safe. It is now going a step further to use the program in an effort ''to
prevent abandonment of decaying urban areas or to bring them back from decay,''
the H.U.D. spokesman said.

The two New York City neighbrohoods were selected for the pilot projects because
both have a wide variety of buildings eligible for the loans, which the
spokesman said would assure the program would be adequately tested. The program
is designed to permit rehabilitation while keeping rents relatively stable. A
H.U.D. official in the New York office said he expected the funds would be
available at an interest rate of about 10 percent, but this would be on a
building-bybuilding evaluation.

An official in the city's Department of Housing Preservation and Development
said of the two areas, ''They are categorized as transitional, where there are
slums and blight, and the possibility for rescue is very real with this kind of
program.''

The reason that the Department of Housing and Urban Development has been so slow
to use the Section 223(f) in big cities, the spokesman said, was that ''we
suffered severe losses'' under Section 223(e) that provided mortgage insurance
for single-family houses in the city.

''This had a tremendously negative effect,'' he said. ''We have wanted to go
into multifamily dwellings in urban areas and avoid this type of thing, so we
have been very careful in setting up and selecting our pilot projects. One of
the things that we required was areas where there were conservation,
preservation and revitalization activities going on at the neighborhood, city
and Federal levels.''

One knowledgeable source said that the department had also relaxed its
construction standards somewhat for meeting the requirment of mortgage loan
insurance so that older city buildings would be eligible.

''Under the traditional standards of the F.H.A. you couldn't underwrite a loan
that wasn't beyond the capacity of the building to carry,'' he said. ''The only
way to provide continued good city housing at rents people can afford is
moderate rehabilitation of the property, and the key to this is loan insurance.
This is what Section 223(f) would do.''

The H.U.D. spokesman estimated that a minimum of 1,000 units would be upgraded
in the two New York City areas. This estimate was based on a maximum of $15,000
per unit, however, and he said that amount ''was on the high side'' of what
H.U.D. officials were considering.

The money will be lent under 40-year repayment terms instead of the normal 35
year and at 90 percent of a property's appraised value rather the usual 85
percent. To be eligible, apartment buildings must have at least five units and
not more than 100 and ''tenants with incomes adequate to support the building's
continued maintenance.''

The money for the program was committed before the Reagan Administration took
office so that it was not affected by the freeze on some Federal grants. Of
course, the H.U.D. officials said, whether program will be expanded even if it
does prove feasible will be up to Reagan team officials.

The designated Northwest Bronx area stretches from Fordham Road on the south to
Van Cortlandt Park on the north and from the Major Deegan Expressway on the west
to Webster Avenue on the east. The area in the South Bronx takes in 20 blocks
along the Grand Concourse from Fordham Road to the Cross Bronx Expressway.

In Flatbush, the area runs from Parkside Avenue on the north to Avenue K on the
south and from Flatbush Avenue on the east to Coney Island Avenue on the west.

The official in the city's Department of Housing Preservation and Development
said that the agency had already identified, through an existing housing
inventory, a number of buildings in the Flatbush neighborhood that would be
eligible for financing under the program.  In the Bronx, he said, his agency
would be conducting ''an outreach program'' to eligible landlords in cooperation
with the West Tremont Neighbrohood Preservation Office at 1780 Grand Concourse
and with neighborhood organizations.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             448 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                              June 25, 2007 Monday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

BEATING THE RENTER RAP. Queens mom's 20-year transition to homeowner from
hip-hop performer

BYLINE: BY LORE CROGHAN DAILY NEWS BUSINESS WRITER

SECTION: YOUR MONEY; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 673 words


Jeanette Evans has called New York home ever since her hip-hop music brought her
to the stages of CBGB and Danceteria from Texas in the 1980s.

Two decades later, Evans, who performed under the name Lady Jane, is a
56-year-old single mom with an office job. The rush of performing before a crowd
is a memory, but it's been replaced with a more recent thrill: Evans has a place
of her own in Queens to call home.

"The biggest hurdle was convincing me I was a homeowner," Evans said.

She started to believe after seeing a TV news story on a program for low-income,
first-time homebuyers run by Neighborhood Housing Services of Northern Queens.

Evans works in the lobbying division of a midtown law firm, making less than
$45,000 a year, and doesn't get child support from her kids' father.

But, as she discovered at the housing agency, she'd been instinctively taking
the right steps to prepare for home ownership.

She paid her bills on time. When she needed a car, she got a used minivan for
$3,500.

A strong credit score of 786 (out of 850) meant she could get a mortgage at a
good rate.

Because she took the nonprofit's homebuying course, Evans got grants for a down
payment: $10,000 from the city Department of Housing Preservation and
Development, and $15,000 from the state Division of Housing and Community
Renewal. Her mortgage lender, HSBC, gave her $5,000 as part of a program to help
low-income borrowers because she'd saved one third of that amount in 10 months.
HSBC also gave Evans a 30-year fixed loan at 5.5% interest. To help with the
down payment, she took $1,800 from her pension plan.

Cleveland-born Evans had other things on her mind than settling down when she
moved to the city from Houston 21 years ago and rented a place over a storefront
in Maspeth, Queens.

The band she'd been in broke up, and she and another band member came to New
York. They called themselves the Beatmasters and landed gigs at some of the
hottest clubs in the city.

But she got a day job, and drifted away from the music scene. When she had a
child four years later, she felt sure about not relocating to the suburbs for
more space.

"I think the city offers kids a bigger world," she said. "New York promotes the
things that are important to me - culture, education, diversity."

When she was ready to buy a home, she kept that resolve.

For more than a year, she searched in Queens - Maspeth, Kew Gardens Hills and
Jackson Heights. Often, brokers didn't return her calls or said they had nothing
for her.

But a broker who spoke in one of her homebuyer classes gave her an ad for a
co-op. The one-bedroom was on 35th Ave. in Jackson Heights, just outside the
landmarked historic district.

Evans liked what she saw. The building was spotless. The eat-in kitchen had oak
cabinets from the 1950s. She tried to negotiate the $135,000 asking price, but
it was an estate sale and the estate's lawyer wouldn't budge. Still, she
accomplished her goal of keeping monthly mortgage and maintenance payments below
$1,000.

Before an interview with the co-op board, she brushed up on the neighborhood by
reading "Jackson Heights: A Garden in the City" by Daniel Karatzas. The board
gave her the thumbs-up.

Before moving in with her daughter Lyric Hunter, 17, and son Justice Hunter, 15,
Evans had some work done, but chose carefully.

She added wiring for an air conditioner, but opted not to spend $200 for a
special outlet for a microwave oven. She also took a pass on cable TV.

Settled in, she now looks around the big living room and sees an investment as
well as a home - a long-term investment.

"I used to dread paying rent, but I actually look forward to paying my
mortgage," she said. "My kids are going to inherit this place."

lcroghan@nydailynews.com

Graphic: Queens home ownership rates.

TOP 5

Bayside/Little Neck 74.4%

Queens Village 71.9%

South Ozone Park/Howard Beach 64.8%

Jamaica/Hollis 59%

Hillcrest/Fresh Meadows 52.5%

BOTTOM 5

Ozone Park/Woodhaven 42.2%

Jackson Heights 35.7%

Woodside 24.3%

Elmhurst 21.1%

Astoria 18.1%

Source: NYU's Furman Center for Real Estate and Urban Policy

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CHART;GRAPHIC;INFOGRAPHIC, Jeanette Evans, once a musician (inset)
known as Lady Jane, recently bought a co-op which she shares with her kids
Justice (l.) and Lyric Hunter. Photos by Bryan Pace

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Daily News, L.P.


                             449 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            February 21, 2005 Monday
                              Correction Appended
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

SOUTH BRONX RENEWAL CHAMPION DIES AT 53

BYLINE: BY BOB KAPPSTATTER DAILY NEWS BRONX BUREAU CHIEF

SECTION: SUBURBAN; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 427 words


TRIBUTES WERE pouring in for Yolanda Garcia, whose single-minded determination
turned the city's myopic urban-renewal plans for 30 destroyed blocks of the
South Bronx on its ear.

Garcia died Thursday at age 53 at Lincoln Hospital after a heart attack.

She founded Nos Quedamos (We Stay) in the late 1980s to fight the wholesale
displacement of 6,000 or so longtime residents and small businesses who stuck it
out through the arson and abandonment of the '60s and '70s.

"This was a woman who was totally devoted to the community - totally devoted,"
said former Bronx Borough President Fernando Ferrer. He first encountered Garcia
during the Koch administration when it was putting an ambitious urban-renewal
plan forward for Melrose Commons "and we insisted on public hearings," he said.

"She showed up and blew the roof off," Ferrer recalled. "And that's when I said,
'Stop the music! We have to redo this.' "

"I had a meeting with her, and she was breathing fire. So I told her, 'If you're
willing to make the tough decisions with us and sit around the table, I'll give
you a $50,000 grant for a planner.' And she didn't disappoint."

Today, nearly 1,700 new homes and apartment units are either completed, in
construction or in the pipeline, plus major renovation to 18 apartment buildings
with 288 units, said Carol Abrams, spokeswoman for Housing Preservation and
Development Commissioner Sean Donovan.

By the time the Melrose Commons plan is completed, she said, as many as 3,000
new housng units will be up, in addition to new commercial, community facility
and park space.

"Personally, Yolanda was my friend, and through the years she was a person whom
I trusted when I needed good advice," said current Borough President Adolfo
Carrión.

Carrión called for honoring Garcia's memory "by continuing to work to protect
and improve our community with the same fortitude and resolve that this heroine
of our neighborhoods demonstrated throughout her life."

Rep. Jose Serrano (D-South Bronx) and his son, state Sen. Jose Marco Serrano
(D-South Bronx) expressed sadness at the passing of what the senior Serrano
called "a fighter for our community, a leader and a close friend."

"She loved her community fiercely and worked every day of her life to reclaim it
and help it flourish," he said.

Garcia will be waked at the Ortiz Funeral Home at 2121 Westchester Ave. tomorrow
from 4 to 10 p.m. and Wednesday, from 2 to 10 p.m. Funeral services will be at
10 a.m. Thursday at Holy Cross Church, Soundview Ave. near Randall Ave. Garcia
will be cremated.bkappstatter@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: February 22, 2005



CORRECTION: FUNERAL arrangements for Yolanda Garcia, founder of Nos Quedamos,
which prevented the city from relocating 6,000 residents in its urban renewal
plans for Melrose Commons in the South Bronx, were incorrectly listed in
Monday's Metro section. Garcia will be waked at the Ortiz Funeral Home, 2121
Westchester Ave., on Tuesday, March 1, from 4 p.m. to 10 p.m., and Wednesday,
March 2, from 9 p.m. to 10 p.m. Funeral services will be at 10 a.m. Thursday,
March 3, at Holy Cross Church, 600 Soundview Ave. near Randall Ave.

GRAPHIC: Yolanda Garcia

DOCUMENT-TYPE: OBITUARY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Daily News, L.P.


                             450 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            February 12, 2007 Monday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

GETTING A CRIB OF THEIR OWN. Climbing stairs, sharing bath spurs Brooklyn mom to
quit rental market

BYLINE: BY LORE CROGHAN DAILY NEWS BUSINESS WRITER

SECTION: YOUR MONEY; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 641 words


Just as single mom Tajuana Hollingsworth moved into a third-floor studio in her
parents' Bed-Stuy, Brooklyn, brownstone, she knew.

She had to try to buy her own place.

"That was the deciding moment," said Hollingsworth, 26. "I had moved twice in
two years and had nothing to show for it."

It would take more than a year and a half of planning and saving before she
could bid on a two-bedroom co-op on Lenox Road in East Flatbush, Brooklyn.

"It's not about how much money you make, it's your assets," she said. "I've got
assets now."

Nearly two years ago, Hollingsworth marched up three flights of stairs in
Bedford-Stuyvesant with her then-infant daughter, Nahla, and settled in with as
many of their belongings as she could fit into the studio apartment, which
didn't even have its own bathroom. (She shared one with another tenant.)

The St. John's University grad had just left her $50,000-a-year job as an
insurance underwriter because her employer moved to New Jersey, a very long
commute she didn't want to make.

She found another job, but it paid just $30,000, making her fear that the $925
monthly rent on her Canarsie apartment might reach beyond her means.

Her parents asked her for $600 a month for the studio, but offered a perk
unlikely to come from most landlords: they babysat Nahla. And when Hollingsworth
was ready to buy, they helped with the $7,500 downpayment.

In the period leading up to joining the buyers' market, Hollingsworth was
careful not to rack up credit-card debt. She had just one card - a Visa she got
while she was in college - and kept the balance below $3,000.

Although the lower-paying job came with bonuses, and she won a raise,
Hollingsworth landed a new job last May that paid better: $47,000 a year.

She qualified for a $10,000 city Housing Preservation and Development department
grant by taking a five-week course called the Homebuyers Club. The course is
offered by Neighborhood Housing Services of New York City, a nonprofit
co-workers said could "help people who can't afford to buy homes." "That is me!"
said Hollingsworth.

The organization offers financial counseling and education to low- and
moderate-income New Yorkers who want to become homeowners, and serves as a
gateway for grants and low-interest loans from banks and city and state
agencies.

Hollingsworth looked all over for a place she could afford - checking out
single-family homes in South Jamaica, Queens, and condos and co-ops throughout
Brooklyn. She looked at 25 properties with four sales agents.

In the end, she found the Lenox Road co-op herself, on craigslist.

She'd been seeing apartments priced at $175,000 to $200,000, but this one was
$150,000 and seemed spacious at 1,200 square feet.

She loved the rows of recessed lighting in the living room and master bedroom.
There were competing buyers, so she decided to move fast.

"I couldn't sleep that night," she recalled.

The next day, Hollingsworth offered the asking price - and reached a deal.

But as is customary in residential real estate, there was last-minute drama.

Bank of New York decided not to give her a mortgage, she said, because less than
50% of the apartments in the building were owner-occupied. The apartment's sale
contract had a looming deadline. Time was running short.

She went back to a lender she'd contacted earlier, Citibank's Citi Mortgage, and
loan officer Keren Koshi got her a 30-year fixed mortgage with a 6.5% interest
rate and helped her close the deal in just two weeks.

"She worked a miracle," Hollings­worth said in her spacious living room as Nahla
raced along the hallway leading to the bedrooms.

Hollingsworth's mortgage payment comes to $837 a month, plus $769 for
maintenance.

To ease the burden, she gave her Toyota RAV4 to her parents - and they'll make
the $500 monthly payments from now on.

"That frees up a chunk of money," she said.

lcroghan@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Tajuana Hollingsworth made a home in an East Flatbush co-op she shares
with daughter, Nahla. Photos by Nicholas Fevelo

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Daily News, L.P.


                             451 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Gloucester Daily Times (Massachusetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 7, 2012 Saturday

City eyes borrowing to buy Brierneck

BYLINE: Steven Fletcher, Gloucester Daily Times, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 717 words


July 07--Gloucester will move a step closer next week to owning the site of a
long-planned but never-built development that the city has fought for more than
40 years.

Mayor Carolyn Kirk and her administration will put a loan request before the
City Council on Tuesday, asking for authorization to borrow $750,000 to purchase
the 6-acre parcel at 70-74 Thatcher Road, essentially across from the entrance
to the Good Harbor Beach parking lot.

The authorization, said Councilor Paul McGeary, lets the city apply for a local
acquisitions for natural diversity -- or LAND -- grant from the state's
Department of Energy and Environmental Affairs.

That grant, if awarded, shores up the third leg of the nonprofit Friends of Good
Harbor's plan to place the property, now owned by Brierneck Realty LLC, in the
city's hands.

"All this does is tell the state that they're (the city and Friends of Good
Harbor) serious about this," said McGeary.

If the council authorizes the loan, it won't spend the money unless Friends of
Good Harbor can pull the funding together to reimburse the city and its
taxpayers, McGeary said.

That follows a similar funding mechanism as the one used to cover the $3.5
million Newell Stadium renovation and reconstruction project. In that case, the
city has bonded $1.5 million and fronted the initial cost for the project, with
the Gloucester Fishermen's Athletic Association's Newell Renewal effort due to
reimburse the city as additional funding comes in through private pledges and
other commitments.

In April, the Friends of Good Harbor, a private, nonprofit corporation made up
of residents who live near the beach, worked out a plan with Brier Neck Realty
to orchestrate buying the property for $750,000.

Under the agreement, the Friends would pull together the funding and the city
would ultimately own the property. The money, said Denton Crews, a member of the
Friends, comes from three sources -- privately raised dollars and a tax credit
for the developer, Community Preservation Act funds, and the LAND grant.

During the sale process, McGeary said, Brierneck Realty isn't going to be
penalized in permit or other fees during the sale process, or run out of time on
its permits if the deal somehow falls through. The city, he said, has stopped
the clock for Brierneck, headed by North Andover developer James Grifoni.

Crews said the Friends group had planned for the funding to come in three
$250,000 chunks, but it didn't work out that way.

"You don't know what will happen at the state level," he said, "and we didn't
know what was going to happen at the city level."

The Community Preservation Committee recommended $150,000 for the purchase, said
Crews. That's over a third of the $319,000 Fiscal 2013 CPA funding. As of
Friday, the Friends had raised $25,000 by themselves and received a $50,000
donation from the Dusky Foundation.

The Friends are till on the hook for another $25,000, said Crews, but they're
hoping the state comes through with $375,000 LAND grant, with the announcement
on those awards due in October.

"If the LAND grant doesn't come through," McGeary said, "the deal falls
through."

Crews says that's not necessarily the case. If the state funding doesn't work
out, he said, the group will pursue money from the Federal Wetlands Fund.

The town of Rowley, he said, received almost $1 million for a 250-acre project
at Rough Meadows.

The Friends are pursuing the parcel as the gateway to a wetlands conservation
area that would cover the 78 acres of marshland owned by the city and hopefully
incorporate 68 acres of marshland owned by Old Nugent Farm.

Since the early 2000s, Grifoni has tried to develop the project through the
state's Chapter 40B affordable housing legislation, which allows a developer to
bypass local approvals if a project has an affordable housing component.

He won approval for it in 2011 -- and the finding has withstood several city
legal challenges. But the project has never gone forward.

"That land is key to this whole concept," Crews said.

Steven Fletcher may be contacted at 1-978-283-7000 x3455, or
sfletcher@gloucestertimes.com Follow him on Twitter at @stevengdt.

___ (c)2012 the Gloucester Daily Times (Gloucester, Mass.) Visit the Gloucester
Daily Times (Gloucester, Mass.) at www.gloucestertimes.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120707-GS-City-eyes-borrowing-to-buy-Brierneck-0707-20120707

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GS


                     Copyright 2012 Gloucester Daily Times


                             452 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                          September 30, 1997, Tuesday

TAXPAYERS' TRUST GETS RENT ASUNDER

BYLINE: BY JIM DWYER

SECTION: News; Pg.  8

LENGTH: 882 words


TO HEAR THE talk at Gracie Mansion that May night, no one would have thought
that Lloyd Williams had gone belly-up on a $ 3.7 million city loan just a few
months earlier.

And no one would have guessed that Williams had built a small but smelly nest
through self-dealing and rent-gorging at taxpayers' expense.

Instead, on the night of May 27, Williams, the hard-driving head of the Greater
Harlem Chamber of Commerce and the founder of Harlem Week, appeared to have hit
the peak of his power.

That night, Mayor Giuliani, following the custom of mayors before him, was host
at a reception in his home to honor Williams and his organization. In a press
release, the mayor said: "The City will continue to work closely with Lloyd
Williams and his colleagues."

A few days later, Giuliani backed up his words.

On June 19, the mayor named Williams to the board of the city's powerful and
secretive Economic Development Corp., making him one of a handful of people with
a voice in the spending of hundreds of millions of dollars in grants and
low-cost loans.

Ordinarily, Williams' credentials as head of the Harlem Chamber of Commerce and
founder of Harlem Week would make him a natural appointment especially because
he had just been a partner in a major real estate development on 135th St. that
brought 48 new apartments to the neighborhood.

But there's more.

Six months earlier, a court stripped Williams and his partners of control of
that property, which had been rebuilt with generous city subsidies.

The court acted because the Williams group defaulted on a $ 3.7 million loan
given to them at less than 5% interest by the city's Department of Housing,
Preservation and Development and the Community Preservation Corp.

But the heavily discounted loan wasn't the only cost to the city for the 135th
St. development, Strivers Center.

The city is paying more than double the market rate to house a not-for-profit
counseling service in the property.

And Williams not only is a landlord of the property he's also a tenant through
his presidency of the not-for-profit Harlem Interfaith Counseling Service.

So Williams, the tenant, can afford to rent space at an exorbitant rent from
Williams, the landlord thanks to the city.

How inflated is the rent?

Not even Chase Manhattan, which made $ 1 billion in profit in the first three
months of the year, pays as much in rent as the tiny not-for-profit mental
health service. The bank pays $ 15 a square foot for its premium, street-level
space at 135th St. and Frederick Douglass Blvd.

Meanwhile, the counseling service occupies a basement and street-level space for
which it paid $ 16.28 a square foot double the market rate of $ 8 a foot. Two
other commercial tenants in the property pay less than $ 10 a foot for similar
space.

Behind the subsidized loans and inflated rent is the generous New York City
taxpayer.

The city foots 80% of the rent bill for Harlem Interfaith Counseling Service
HICS under a contract with the Department of Mental Health, Mental Retardation
and Alcoholism Services.

HICS had operated a mental health clinic for two decades at another site on
125th St., then moved to Strivers Center when it opened in 1995.

"Everyone helped us find that site, but of course he [Williams] was very
helpful," said the Rev. Frederick Dennard, the founder and now retired executive
director of HICS.

But HICS officials didn't tell the city that Williams, the president, was also a
part-owner of the property even though the contract asked about possible
conflicts.

"We're aware that there appear to be discrepancies in the contract around
property ownership issues, and it's being reviewed by the city," said Allen
Wright, a spokesman for the city mental health agency.

Williams' venture into real estate which includes two other city-subsidized
projects in the same neighborhood comes after three decades as the vocal
champion of Harlem businesses. Williams has built a small empire of friends and
allies in politics and at major corporations. The Daily News is a major sponsor
of Harlem Week, an annual festival started by Williams in 1975.

Over several days last week, Williams initially agreed to an interview, then
said the intent behind a story was racist, then turned all questions over to his
attorney, Fred Wallace.

"I have no problem being uncooperative, and bluntly so," said Wallace. "What you
are doing is wrong."

The lawyer refused to entertain questions about the arrangements, conflict of
interest or the exorbitant rents. Williams, he said, "is one of our best known
and most productive citizens of Harlem."

Last week, Giuliani said that the voters should pay attention to how politicians
had managed Harlem development.

He said Ruth Messinger should be held accountable for the millions of dollars
blown by the now-defunct Harlem Urban Development Corp., because she was on the
agency's board although, like more than a dozen other public officials, she had
no choice.

As the mayor was raising the issue, his most prominent ally in Harlem was using
a new credential for the first time one handed to him by the mayor. Last
Thursday, Lloyd Williams took his seat at the quarterly meeting of the city's
Economic Development Corp.

LOAD-DATE: October 01, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1997 Daily News, L.P.


                             453 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 21, 1986, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

PERSPECTIVES: CITY'S S.R.O. POLICY;
Keeping a Rooming House 'As Is'

BYLINE: By ALAN S. OSER

SECTION: Section 8; Page 6, Column 1; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 1275 words


ROWS of neat, fully occupied brownstones, many with long-term roomers, line some
of the sidestreets of central Harlem. These town houses were built early in the
century by wealthy people from downtown; years later, many were divided into
tiny rooms and rented out for income.

Over the last few years, as the housing market has improved, mortgage money has
become available, owners who want to sell have found a market and working people
and professionals have been buying, upgrading and moving in.

But the city's moratorium on demolitions or alterations of single-room-occupancy
buildings has begun to dry up the mortgage market - and, hence, the sales market
- for these properties. The revival process has come to a halt, perhaps
permanently if these brownstones are included in the Koch administration's
proposed ban on demolitions and alterations in rooming houses.

''We had 60 sales over the last two years in brownstones and the larger
buildings through this office,'' said Juliette McGinnis Nelson, the
third-generation owner of Edward Sisters Realty, at 147th Street and St.
Nicholas Avenue. ''The moratorium has stopped the flow of mortgage money, unless
the building has been empty for a long period of time.''

''The likelihood of investment would be nullified,'' agreed Roy Miller, director
of the Harlem neighborhood preservation office of the Department of Housing
Preservation and Development. ''More than 90 percent of the brownstones in
Harlem would be affected. It would prevent conversion to family living.''

Similarly, in the Bedford-Stuyvesant and Fort Greene communities of Brooklyn,
the ban threatens to freeze the budding brownstone market. ''I think the problem
is that people are in need of housing,'' said Councilwoman Mary Pinkett,
Democrat of Brooklyn. ''We are being diverted from this as long as we keep
talking about S.R.O.'s.''

These comments from Harlem and Brooklyn representatives interested in
neighborhood renewal underscore the far-reaching effects of the city's S.R.O.
policy. A strategy apparently intended to induce the sale of Manhattan tourist
hotels, apartment hotels and rooming houses to nonprofit corporations for
operation on behalf of lower-income singles has run into direct conflict with
housing and improvement efforts citywide.

The bill now before the City Council would ban demolitions and alterations in a
variety of properties with single rooms, while providing penalties for failing
to rent vacancies. It also offers owners an opportunity of buying their way out
of the restrictions. If passed and sustained in the courts, it would shrink the
private market for these properties - as the moratorium already has - and give
the nonprofits a stronger hand in the resale market at lower prices.

The bill will ''create buildings that nonprofits can operate for lower-income
people,'' said Robert Trobe, assistant commissioner of the Department of Housing
Preservation and Development, at a City Council hearing two weeks ago.

''We are in favor of preserving hotel-type housing,'' said the Rev. Donald
Sakano, director of the Neighborhood Preservation office of the Archdiocese of
New York. The moratorium, he said, should serve the purpose of inducing owners
of such properties to come forward to negotiate a sale to a nonprofit group,
which would then operate the property in the interests of a needy population.
The ''other shoe'' to such a policy, he said, is sufficient public money to help
to buy and improve the property.

The archdiocese, it seems, mainly has larger buildings in mind. Father Sakano
cited the 600-room Hotel Kenmore on East 23d Street as an example of a property
that should be preserved for single-room use under nonprofit auspices. He called
it an ''intergenerational, mixed-housing type about one-third occupied by a
rent-stabilized population and the rest transient.''

A legal challenge to the no-warehousing aspect of the city's strategy - which
requires that owners start renting vacancies by Oct. 8 - is already under
challenge by a real-estate company, Seawall Associates. Seawall owns a
development site on West 34th Street that is partially occupied by single-room
buildings. A motion for a permanent injunction against the no-warehousing rule
is to be heard next month by Judge David B. Saxe in State Supreme Court.

The buyout provision also is designed, as city housing officials made clear at a
City Council hearing this month, to bolster the basic strategy. The present
proposal is for a buyout pegged at $35,000 a room, but housing officials
indicated that they were less concerned about the dollar figure than by the
inclusion of some provision for a buyout to defend against a challenge to the
law's constitutionality. THERE are many exclusions in the law: Government-owned
properties, including the city's extensive inventory of tax-foreclosed
properties; school dormitories and buildings owned by nonprofit corporations;
frame buildings, many of them currently serving lower-income roomers in Brighton
Beach and other shore areas, and hotels that managed to have average rates above
a certain minimum during the first week of last October.

But the bill does cover converted apartment houses of 25 or more units; hotels
and motels that had daily rents below $55 a night, or weekly rents below $850,
for 75 percent of the total occupied rooms on Oct. 1, 1984; Bowery-style lodging
houses, and rooming houses of 24 or fewer units.

In the rooming houses, the law would exclude those that had seven or fewer
occupied rooms on certain dates, or were in transition to owner-occupancy on
those dates. But that still would catch in the law's nets many Brooklyn and
Harlem brownstones with eight or more roomers.

The Harlem and Brooklyn representatives want to exclude all the ''under-24''
buildings.

''These houses were not created for heavy use by roomers,'' said Juanita
Clayton, who has lived for years on West 139th Street. Some years ago she bought
a neighboring building, at 304 West 139th Street, which had 12 roomers living in
12 tiny rooms.

She altered the building to create six small apartments, and added six
kitchenettes. The work would not have been possible under the new law. WITH the
help of a state grant, Ms. Clayton and her neighbors also bought from the city
and upgraded two small buildings at 305 and 309 West 139th Street, leaving 11
roomers in place in one house and nine in the other.

Her hope is to be able to sell the building after seven years, as the terms of
the state grant allows. But buyers would undoubtdely want to restore part of the
building to meet their family needs, she said, and the city bill would prevent
this.

Two blocks away, on West 137th Street between Adam Clayton Powell Boulevard
(Seventh Avenue) and Frederick Douglass Boulevard (Eighth Avenue), the midblock
is jammed with attractive brownstones. Those that remain rooming houses are
obvious candidates for family occupancy as years pass.

Community representatives said there were varying numbers of roomers in them,
but their owners are not necessarily aware of the long-term effect of the
proposed legislation on the value of their properties in an eventual resale.

There are about 500 brownstones in Harlem, said Mrs. Nelson, the broker, roughly
three-quarters of them city-owned. But as the market improved, Citibank and
Chemical Bank in particular had begun to make loans to buyers. She and others
say it was the outcry over the homelessness issue in Manhattan that stopped the
process.

''Mortgages are granted,'' she said, ''only if people pledge to convert the
building back from a rooming house to a one- to four-family house.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of houses on south side of 137th Street off Frederick Douglass
Boulevard (NYT/William E. Sauro)

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             454 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Cape Cod Times (Hyannis, Massachesetts)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 27, 2012 Saturday

Brewster voters will take up $1.8M land buy

BYLINE: K.C. Myers, Cape Cod Times, Hyannis, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 578 words


Oct. 27--BREWSTER -- Voters at the Brewster special town meeting Monday will
face 21 articles, including one proposal to buy 82 acres of land for open space
and another to create a multi-use recreational park behind the police station on
12 acres.

Town meeting begins at 7 p.m. at the Stony Brook School.

The proposed appropriations -- including $1.4 million in capital costs as well
as about $1.8 million in land purchases -- won't raise the tax rate, according
to Finance Committee Chairman Michael Fitzgerald.

Many of the articles deal with housekeeping matters. The finance committee,
however, has problems with both the land acquisition and the recreation park
request.

The planned open space purchase includes two parcels, according to the warrant.
The town water department would pay for the first parcel, 26.65 acres at
Freeman's Way, for $660,000.

As for the other parcel, 55.2 acres at Slough Road costing $1.14 million, town
officials hope pay for it entirely with grants and Community Preservation Act
funds, Fitzgerald said.

The land represents the largest parcels available for residential development in
areas identified as critical to the protection of the town's wellfields.

The current owner of the Slough Road parcel has 29 house lots pre-approved for
development on the land. Fitzgerald and two other members of the finance
committee agree with the selectmen and the Community Preservation Committee that
these are important parcels to protect the town's water quality.

But five finance committee members voted against the land buys.

Finance committee member Herb Montgomery said the 55.2-acre parcel should be
saved for affordable housing.

"I believe the Freeman's Way property should be approved," Montgomery said. "But
the other should be set aside for affordable housing or workforce housing. I'm
trying to advocate for the young people here."

The 12-acre multi-use park behind the police station also had opposition from
seven finance committee members.

The park would include walking trails, playing fields and a skateboard park. The
conceptual design has a dog park in its center, which would be separated by
fencing and green space.

The recreation department is seeking $74,000 for the park's design and
engineering.

"The recreation commission would like a park that has both passive and active
recreation for all ages," said Ellen Ojala, town recreation director.

The finance committee didn't dispute the need for a dog park, Fitzgerald said.

Since the Brewster Board of Health banned dogs from the popular Drummer Boy Park
on Route 6A in March, the town has been grappling with a place for people to
take their dogs.

Jordan Sprechman, of Manhattan and Brewster, is suing the town over the board of
health's dog ban. The case is now pending in Barnstable Superior Court.

Fitzgerald said the land behind the police department represents prime,
town-owned, buildable land. The town may have a more critical need for it down
the road, Fitzgerald said.

He added that the recreation department now operates several baseball fields and
a soccer field on property on Freeman's Way that includes unused land.

But Ojala said the Freeman's Way land doesn't actually have any more useful
space because it's in a water-protection zone with fertilizer restrictions. It
also has hills that make access difficult, she said.

___ (c)2012 the Cape Cod Times (Hyannis, Mass.) Visit the Cape Cod Times
(Hyannis, Mass.) at www.capecodonline.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121027-CA-Brewster-voters-will-take-up-1.8M-land-buy-1027-20121027

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CA


                         Copyright 2012 Cape Code Times


                             455 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Tribune-Review (Greensburg, PA)

                              May 17, 2005 Tuesday

Everson recoups some cash in missing-funds case

BYLINE: Rachel R. Basinger

LENGTH: 402 words


Things are looking a little brighter for Everson.

The borough has received more than $7,000 from bond and insurance settlements
related to an investigation of missing funds.

Sandra Jean Barr, 37, has been charged by state police with two counts of theft
by deception in connection with the alleged misappropriation of more than $3,000
from Everson while she worked as a secretary.

"It's no secret that we've had problems with the former secretary, and we've
been working on two different fronts with the solicitor to recoup a portion of
our losses," council President Mike Banaszak said at Monday's meeting.

Solicitor Mark Rowan handed Banaszak a $4,725.68 check obtained from the bond
company.

The borough also obtained a $2,500 check from its insurance company.

Rowan said that although $5,000 was spent on an audit, the maximum that the
insurance company would cover was $2,500.

Councilman Neil Stevens said the borough is about $3,000 short of recovering
total losses. That amount is a result of the $2,500 balance from the audit and a
few other items.

Rowan added that he filed a claim with the Fayette County District Attorney's
Office in the hope of recouping all of the more than $10,000.

The borough is also considering filing a civil suit against Barr. Rowan said he
believes Barr is trying to work out an agreement with the district attorney's
office to repay the money.

In other business, Everson residents were told last month that trash collection
was mandatory. This month, the borough will tell its hauler to begin billing for
service to any non-paying residence.

"There's no other option," Banaszak said. "If the building is rented, they will
bill the owner, and if the owner lives in the house, they will also get the
bill."

The maximum fine for noncompliance is $2,500.

Also, the borough will be improving dilapidated properties.

Last month, borough officials made oral requests to property owners to bring
their homes up to code. Now they will move into the written warning phase.

Those residents not in compliance will receive a written notice that they could
be cited for a code violation.

Banaszak also said the borough is still eligible for the county's Housing
Preservation Grant Program, which provides no-interest loans to qualified
homeowners for repairs. For more information, residents can contact Karen Miller
at the Fayette County Redevelopment Authority at 724-437-1547 Ext. 22.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2005 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             456 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                  May 16, 1988

Housing 'Stabilized' Now Under Reagan

SECTION: STATE FINANCINGS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 517 words

DATELINE: ASBURY PARK, N.J.


After lopping off more than 70% of the Department of Housing and Urban
Development's budget, the Reagan Administration's stance on housing has
"stabilized," according to a GOP lawmaker.

"We have had enough cuts, we must use this as an opportunity to develop new
approaches to assisting housing," Rep. Marge S. Roukema, R., N.J., and a member
of the House Banking, Finance and Urban Affairs Committee told a conference on
housing here.

Ms. Roukema noted that the National Housing Preservation Task Force estimates
that the potential loss from existing inventory of assisted housing is between
1.2 million and 1.5 million units by 1995 and more than 1.8 million units by the
year 2000.

Many of these losses could come from the prepayment of Section 221(d)(3) and 236
projects.  Developers may prepay these projects after a minimum number of years
and take them private, displacing many of those they were originally intended to
serve in the process.

"There must be a firm Federal commitment to housing, but let me emphasize that
this does not mean we should simply return to the past," Ms. Roukema told some
600 attendees of the conference.

"One reason we have seen such a dramatic decline in Federal housing dollars
during the last several years is that many of the old programs just did not
work, and they were expensive," she said.

She lauded a study recently released by developer James Rouse and Federal
National Mortgage Association chairman David Maxwell that advocated several
proposals, including:

* Creation of a new block grant program;

* Expansion of tax-exempt financing for low-income housing;

* Improvement and extension of the low-income housing tax credit;

* Allowing the use of individual retirement account funds for first-time
homebuyers as a downpayment.

"We all know the 1986 Tax Reform Act has resulted in a complete drying up of
rental development," the congresswoman said.  "You can close loopholes without
egregiously destroying the entire market.  We must make tax changes that restore
the attractiveness of investment in rental development."

Ms. Roukema noted that the Mortgage Revenue Bond Program is scheduled to expire
at the end of this year and that she is a cosponsor of legislation to extend the
program.

Although she has more than 300 cosponsors in the House and 68 in the Senate,
passage is not assured, since they are trying to add the extension to the
technical correction bill which will pass later this year, Ms. Roukema said.

She noted the proposed extension still lacks the support of the chairmen of the
House Ways and Means Committee and the Senate Finance Committee.

"Just last month the General Accounting Office issued a very unfavorable report
regarding mortgage revenue bonds," the legislator said, "and obviously this has
not helped our case."

Ms. Roukema said she is considering the introduction of legislation that would
give the FHA authority to assist first-time homebuyers by insuring second
mortgages to finance downpayments, and to give Ginnie Mae the authority to
create a secondary market for this type of mortgage.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             457 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             May 2, 2007 Wednesday

Town offers help for Harris Hill repairs

BYLINE: By BOB AUDETTE, Reformer Staff

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 760 words


BRATTLEBORO -- The Brattleboro Outing Club received a nod of approval -- and the
promise of a tidy sum of cash -- from the Selectboard in its bid to rebuild the
Harris Hill ski jump.

Though the club was asking for $50,000 from the town to jump start its official
fundraising campaign, the Selectboard authorized $35,000 to go toward the
reconstruction of one of the East Coast's two 70-meter ski jumps. The other jump
is located at Lake Placid, N.Y.

Selectboard members Steve Steidle, Dick DeGray and Dora Bouboulis voted to
approve the grant, while Chairwoman Audrey Garfield and Rich Garant voted
against it.

The club needs to raise $250,000 before the end of the summer to get the hill
ready for next February.

"If approved, it would be a really significant and valuable component to our
ability to raise funds from the broader community," said Pat Howell, co-director
of the Harris Hill Ski Jump.

"Does the community support the ski hill?" is the first question they often have
to answer when asking for donations, said Howell. By approving the disbursal,
the Selectboard would be saying it does support the work that needs to be done
to bring ski jumping back to Brattleboro.

The money would be taken from an unrestricted revenue fund, the result of loan
payments to the town through the Community Development Block Grant program.

"We can do what we want (with the money) so long as we do what the state would
do in evaluating a grant," said Sarah Brennan, the town's grant coordinator.

The money is intended for certain purposes, said Brennan, including economic
development, affordable housing, the preservation of open space and the creation
of jobs and recreational opportunities. Generally speaking, she said, the
reconstruction of the ski jump could fall into several categories.

The town has about $375,000 in the unrestricted account.

Brennan plans to meet with representatives from the Vermont Community
Development Program, which disburses the block grants, to determine if the town
can use the unrestricted revenue for purposes such as helping to renovate the
ski jump.

If the club was to apply to the community development program directly, it would
probably be turned down, said Brennan.

"It's not competitive enough and there are other projects that are more clearly
going to be a benefit to low and moderate income people or go to create jobs,"
she said.

Garant said the town is facing serious budget issues and he wasn't sure he could
support the grant request.

"There are other uses that the money might be spent on in this town," said
Garant. As for affordable housing, he said, $35,000 would "buy a lot of
apartments in this town."

"When you talk about tradition and history, how can you place a value on that
for this town," said resident Jerry Benjamin.

While Garfield said she supported the reopening of the ski jump, she was
concerned that the board didn't have a full picture of coming needs that might
need to tap into the unrestricted reserves.

"How much would this board be prepared to give to Friends of FulFlex Field and
the skateboard park?" she asked. "While this is very important, it's premature
for the committee to come before the board. If you were approaching us having
already raised that $215,000, for me it would be a very different situation."

"Are other projects more worthy than this?" asked DeGray, and with the
contingencies written into the motion authorizing the grant, "this would be a no
lose situation."

"It does help the economics of the community," said DeGray, who recommended the
town authorize $35,000 instead of the requested $50,000. "The town has been
lacking the past two years for not having it."

"This is a tradition that goes back to the 1920s," said Dana Zelenakas. "All of
you people were elected to support the traditions of Brattleboro."

But not everyone was sold on that argument. "Tradition is important, but the
basic needs of low-income people just for survival is the main purpose of this
fund," said George Reed-Savory.

The Selectboard agreed to release the $35,000, but under three conditions. The
first, that the town would not release the funds unless the outing club is able
to raise $215,000 first. Second, that the outing club have two years to do so.
And third, that the state's community development program approve the use of the
funds.

The club hopes to get $100,000 from state and federal grants, $100,000 from
corporate sponsors and $50,000 from individual donors.

"If you give us that commitment, it feeds into the fundraising we need to do,"
said Ted Borek, the planning director for the ski jump.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             458 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            November 25, 2001 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Abandoned Houses Are Reborn in Style

BYLINE:  By NADINE BROZAN

SECTION: Section 11; Column 2; Real Estate Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 3484 words


SHORTLY after Sebastian Russell and Joseph Kuharic moved into their new home in
Harlem, they invited the Rev. John Luce, a priest from the Cathedral Church of
St. John the Divine, to bless their house.

"He said some prayers and sprinkled holy water from the River Jordan on it, and
I swear the house glowed after that," said Mr. Russell, who is a concierge at
the Kitano Hotel on Park Avenue.

Despite three years of delays and the detection of defects that became apparent
only after they took up occupancy, Mr. Russell said jubilantly, "We own a
brownstone in Manhattan, and I don't know one other person who does."

Mr. Russell and Mr. Kuharic, a concierge at the Premier Hotel on West 44th
Street, acquired the house on West 112th Street through a city program called
Homeworks that converts abandoned buildings into habitable dwellings.

Homeworks was established by the Department of Housing Preservation and
Development in 1995 "to put back into productive use as housing distressed, and
vacant residential buildings largely clustered in city neighborhoods that were
devastated by real estate abandonment, arson and disinvestment in the 1970's and
early 1980's," Carol Abrams, spokeswoman for the agency, said.

Under Homeworks, which grants subsidies that bridge the gap between costs of
construction and selling prices, the city sells the properties to developers for
$1 apiece. The developers then rebuild the houses and sell them at market rate.
All told, since its inception 201 vacant buildings have been salvaged and
returned to the tax rolls in such neighborhoods as Bushwick, Red Hook, the South
Bronx, Cambria Heights, Ozone Park and Harlem. Work on another 143 houses is
under way, and applications from developers to participate in the third phase of
the program, which consists of 102 houses, are now being reviewed by H.P.D.

So far, the city has invested $20 million in Homeworks. Ms. Abrams said that
until the developers participating in the third round are selected, it was
impossible to estimate the cost for that phase. In addition, she said, it was
premature to quantify the tax revenues generated through the return of the
properties to the tax rolls.

For the first three years, home buyers pay taxes only on the land, with taxes on
the buildings phased in over the next three years.

For now, the future of the program is uncertain. H.P.D. is currently in
negotiations with the federal Department of Housing and Urban Development to
assume responsibility for the nearly 600 homes left in limbo by a fraudulent
mortgage scheme involving the federally insured 203(k) Home Rehabilitation
Mortgage Insurance program.

If no agreement is struck, "Homeworks will cease to exist because of the lack of
stock," Ms. Abrams said. "There is a very finite type of building fitting our
mold. It must be vacant and able to accommodate one to four families."

If it is in fact phased out, Deborah C. Wright, the former H.P.D. commissioner
under whose tenure Homeworks was established, said: "That is record time. The
biggest sign of success is that the program is over in about six years. Most of
the time we create government programs and 100 years later they are still
going."

In some neighborhoods, Homeworks is overseen by nonprofit agencies like the
Abyssinian Development Corporation, Neighborhood Housing Services, and the
Manhattan Valley Development Corporation. In other areas, the developers
administer it themselves, dealing directly with H.P.D. with no intermediary
agency.

To bridge the gap between the costs of construction and selling prices, the city
grants subsidies to the builders. In the first two rounds of construction, the
average subsidy in Harlem has been $11,800 per residential unit. Elsewhere
throughout the city, it has come in at $19,000 per unit.

Subsidies are granted to developers for all the houses they do in a cluster, not
for individual buildings. The size of the subsidies requested by developers is a
significant factor in their selection. After the lump sum is determined for any
given group of houses, H.P.D. decides how much to allocate to each one,
depending on the number of dwelling units it will contain.

However, the amount of the subsidy does not change if the buyers decide to
reduce the number of rental units to be carved out of their buildings or, in
fact, to eliminate them altogether.

Houses have sold for $200,000 to $500,000 with the average around $300,000, and
most owners have one or more tenants.

Michael Cooper, a retail store designer, for example, paid $410,000 for his
house on St. Nicholas Avenue and has rented out three apartments, including one
in a rear extension, for $2,000 to $2,400 a month each.

According to the terms of the program, 30 percent of the buyers must already
live within the boundaries of the community board. Selection is done by lottery
if there are more entrants than properties available.

What differentiates Homeworks from other municipal housing programs is the fact
that it imposes no income ceiling on prospective buyers, nor, until recently,
did it restrict changes in design or upgrades that buyers could request (and pay
extra for).

The opportunity to alter blueprints, reconfigure floor plans and order costly
domestic or imported amenities which has led to some dazzling results, was seen
as a magnet for purchasers who might otherwise not be drawn to blighted
neighborhoods. Nevertheless, of the 17 developers in the program so far,
including six not-for-profit groups, only four have offered clients any
extensive role in the designs of their homes. As it turned out, all the
developers who elected to offer such options were in Harlem.

"It was done to encourage people to buy in Harlem, which was not quite as hot
then as it is now," said Harriet Frank, director of disposition programs in
H.P.D.'s division of housing finance, who is in charge of Homeworks and three
other programs that transfer vacant city-owned properties to private developers.
"Some of the streets that look terrific now didn't look that way five years ago.
The idea was to tell people, 'We will give you the house of your dreams' to
encourage them to buy in Harlem."

In fact, because the prices commanded there have soared since the inception of
the program, H.P.D. will not offer subsidies to the developers chosen to
rehabilitate the 34 properties in Harlem in the final phase of the program.

The timing of the introduction of Homeworks in 1995 was fortunate. Harlem was
about to be swept into a renaissance that turned its town houses, even seriously
dilapidated ones, into prized commodities. The chance to acquire one at a
reasonable price appealed to people across the spectrum of income and education.

"The smartest thing we ever did was to buy this," said Geraldine Moriba-Meadows,
a producer with "Dateline NBC," as she conducted a tour of the house she and her
husband, Dr. Warner Meadows, an anesthesiologist at Beth Israel Hospital, have
owned on West 148th Street since April. It was renovated virtually from the
ground up by the Cross Construction Company of White Plains, which specializes
in affordable housing and which has completed 60 Homeworks projects -- 30 of
them in Harlem and 30 in the Bushwick and Brownsville sections of Brooklyn.

"We had been looking for two years everywhere in the tristate area -- Montclair,
Maplewood, Greenwich," Ms. Moriba-Meadows said. "We decided it made sense to
stay in the city, and we didn't want to spend the bulk of our paychecks on a
mortgage. And it made sense for us to buy something we could shape to suit our
needs rather than adjust to the limitations of an existing structure."

When they first visited the site, she recalled: "There was nothing to look at.
We couldn't go in because there was no floor, just rubble below and blue sky
above."

The four-story house, which has one rental apartment, has airy loftlike rooms,
restaurant-quality kitchen appliances, a Jacuzzi in a deep marble tub, and a
granite wine cooler that will also serve as a desk for the couple's 4-year-old
son. Ms. Moriba-Meadows would not divulge the exact price of the house but said
it was less than $400,000.

The house that Paula Shepard, director of merchandising for the Victoria's
Secret catalog, and her husband, Bill, a junior high school teacher, bought on
St. Nicholas Avenue is similarly striking. Once a skeletal shell, it was
transformed by Cross Construction into an 85-foot deep four-story building whose
accouterments include double-height ceilings, cherrywood floors, an
entertainment center, an elevated deck and a motor encased in the master bedroom
floor whose function it is to raise and lower a 350 pound chandelier in the
living room below.

"I think the program is a fabulous concept," Ms. Shepard said. "It allows people
like myself to purchase property, to get a piece of the pie. We paid $499,000
for a corner house in a great block. The bank that appraised it said we could
get double that."

Vandra Thorburn wno moved into a Homeworks rehabilitated former commercial
building in the Clinton Hill section of Brooklyn two years ago, is also well
aware that she hit the jackpot when she qualified to buy it.

"I got a $282,000 mortgage for a property that is valued at $357,000," Ms.
Thorburn, an exective assistant at a nonprofit blindness prevention agency,
said, adding that she had put $5,000 down and another $5,000 into upgrades. The
city subsidy was $57,868.

The house was one of a group of seven developed for Homeworks by BEC New
Communities, a nonprofit housing development agency, and built by Mega
Contracting

The path to completion was not always smooth. "I lived a 10 minute walk away, so
in the morning I would pass by to see how construction was going," she said. "I
was able to catch mistakes as they were happening, to find out, for example,
that they were not putting the door where I had asked.

The closing was delayed by about four months during which two prospective
tenants backed out and mortgage rates rose. In addition, she said she considered
the workmanship to be of "very very average quality." But, she added, "This is
my lucky star, my lady fortune. But for this, I would never have gotten out of
the renting game."

It is too early to judge the resale value of the Homeworks houses -- owners must
occupy them for six years or refund the city subsidy -- but it seems clear that
those in Harlem are more than a sound investment. "Everyone who bought in Harlem
is sitting on a small fortune today," said Aubrey Nurse, a home mortgage
consultant and renovation specialist with the Wells Fargo Home Mortgage
Corporation. "People who bought for $300,000 now have houses worth $1 million.
Everyone is very happy."

Well, not quite everybody. As appealing as customization may have been, it also
provoked complaints of slipshod workmanship and inordinate delays.

Two of the buyers -- Arthur Spears, a professor of anthropology at City College
and Marcus Edward, a banker -- say they were encouraged to sign on for upgrades
and extras by their contractor, John Cross, founder and owner of Cross
Construction, only to be told during the course of the renovation that what they
wanted was too complex.

Dr. Spears signed the contract to buy his property, a graceful town house with
limestone facade and bay windows in May 1997 for $440,000 to which he added
$96,517 for layout changes and upgrades. The city subsidy was $90,976.

Construction proceeded in fits and starts on the house, which was built in 1890
and abandoned sometime in the 1980's, and Dr. Spears was not able to move in
until August of this year.

His complaints ranged from structural (French doors leading to a rear garden
were initially installed three feet off the ground) to cosmetic (gouges, burns
and stains were left in the hardwood floors) to administrative (long periods of
time elapsed when he said no work was done on the premises).

By December 1999, matters were at such an impasse that Mr. Cross attempted to
break the contract by refunding all payments plus interest, a total of $156,888.

Dr. Spears refused to cash the check and, after intervention by the Department
of Housing Preservation and Development, the work resumed. Dr. Spears closed on
the house in August, but he still has some unresolved complaints, mostly having
to do with water in the basement.

"He may have had a vision for his home that the program as designed may not have
been able to accommodate," Mr. Cross said. "His house was in far worse shape
than others. It had no sides, rear walls or roof and had to be shored up. We
made a lot of changes and everyone worked really hard to get it done. He got the
house he was entitled to, and we did everything the contract required."

Mr. Edward has been in his home, a four-story mansion on West 142nd Street, that
cost him $499,000 plus $175,000 for upgrades, since February 2000. He is still
embittered over what he considers careless construction by Mr. Cross and
inadequate supervision by the housing preservation department and says he felt
compelled to hire his own supervisor and lawyer as matters worsened.

"It's been a wild ride," he said as he pointed out evidence of water in his
basement and carriage house, a window that still fails to open, a blemishes in
trim, baseboard heaters that do not close neatly, chunks missing off a
decorative exterior trim,

But, he said, "This is not about details; it is about delays, failure to deliver
on a contract and making it as difficult as possible for the buyer to get what
was paid for long ago."

Mr. Cross, who attributed many of the problems to changes both men made midway
in construction, to interference on the part of the architect they hired
privately and to delays on the part of the buildings department and Con Edison.

"A lot of Marcus Edward's complaints come from the desire to hold the work to a
higher standard than was every contemplated," he said. "There is a relationship
betweeen the cost and what we built, and there is an issue of fairness."

Mr. Cross said he cautioned Mr. Edward, as he warns all prospective buyers, that
he would see signs of water seepage. "That house is 100 years old, and there is
a stream below," he said. "We put in a sump pump. It won't keep the water out,
but it will remove it after it has accumulated.

"Both men got the houses they bought and the houses they were entitled to. We
did everything the contract required. I am sorry it took longer than expected,
and I am sorry it was so unpleaseant."

Whether Dr. Spears and Mr. Edward had unreasonable standards of perfection or
were simply demanding what they were entitled to -- and had paid for -- remains
debatable. Whether they speak only for themselves or for others is equally
unclear. They say that other homeowners are also unhappy with the results but
feel too intimidated to come forward.

In fact, one couple, in another uptown neighborhood, Manhattan Valley, was
willing to show a reporter what they consider serious structural defects in
their house but did not want to be publicly identified for fear of reducing the
resale value of their property and of driving away potential tenants.

The builder of their house, the Galaxy General Contracting Corporation of the
Bronx, which was under contract to the Manhattan Valley Development Corporation
to do 13 Homeworks houses there and which is now doing 25 Homeworks condominium
apartments on West 143rd Street, denied that there were any defects in the house
under question.

"If the lender who has an engineer inspect the work is not satisfied, he won't
approve payment,"said Richard Sica, vice president of Galaxy. "In addition, the
Manhattan Valley Development Corporation had its own construction person, and
lastly and most importantly we would not do anything to jeopardize our
relationship with H.P.D."

Mr. Russell, whose house on 112th Street was renovated by Galaxy, said he had
encountered electrical, heating and telephone wiring problems after taking
possession, most of which were repaired.

"I am still 100 percent for these program and don't want to shed a negative
light on them," he said. "However, after waiting three years time, I don't think
we should have experienced such problems. I would advise other potential
homewoners to be even more involved than we were."

Carol Abrams of the Department of Housing Preservation and Development said that
there had been few complaints registered about Homeworks and that the only
contractors about whom they were made were John Cross, Galaxy and Eric Anderson.
"We have responded to all complaints by inspecting properties and requiring
developers to carry out corrective measures where warranted," she said in an
e-mail message.

However, to minimize dissension in the future, "the concept of customization is
being significantly reined in for the third round of construction," she said.
"It is what led to delays and problems in Harlem."

"Harlem skews the picture of Homeworks," she continued. "It beats to a different
drummer and attract a dramatically more affluent buyer than elsewhere. In other
neighborhoods, the buyers are the nurse, the correction officer with three
kids."

Some of the amenities that made the homes such showplaces exceeded what had been
envisioned by housing preservation officials when they mapped out the program.
"Granite counters were not what we contemplated," Ms. Frank said. "We didn't
think we were here to promote Jacuzzis. We require simply that builders comply
with building and zoning codes and that construction be sound and sturdy and in
compliance with fire codes."

Beth Cooper Lawrence, the architect who designs Mr. Cross's Homework houses in
Manhattan, said she virtually had to design some houses twice because buyers
changed plans midstream. "If you want to do a custom home in this program, the
best way to do it is to put in the basics and come back later," she said. "This
program was not meant for all this fancy stuff."

That, in fact, is what the overwhelming majority of Homeworks buyers outside of
Harlem seem to be doing: buying houses modeled from a more or less standard plan
and planning to do alterations themselves later on.

Josephina Santiago, a director of El Puente, a Hispanic service organization,
who bought a spacious but modest house in the Bushwick section of Brooklyn for
$169,000, is happy with it the way it is -- for the time being.

But Ms. Santiago, who rents out an apartment to help defray costs (a two-bedroom
unit in the basement for $775 a month) has grand plans for the future. "When we
walked in, my husband, who is an architect said, 'This is a go,' " she recalled.
"We are eventually going to turn it into a duplex." To that end she has turned
one of the two kitchens in the house into a studio for her husband, Manuel
Flores, who is currently a third grade teacher at P.S. 145.

"For me, this program took away the fear of becoming a homeowner," she said. "I
had heard from so many friends that you need to do so many repairs. I liked the
fact that the house was already renovated and that I could just walk in. And
becuase of the grant I knew it would be affordable."

"We moved in on Martin Luther King's birthday and I said, 'I have a dream.' "
she said.

Joseph Onorato, the first assistant stage manager at Radio City Music Hall, is
still waiting to realize his dream, more than three years after he signed his
contract. But despite the tortured chronology of the renovation of his property,
he remains enthusiastic. After signing the contract to purchase in August 1998,
he waited 10 months for the city to conduct the title search.

"By June 1999, other houses were nearing completion and I was just starting," he
said. "One year later it was finally gutted, the levels were in, the roof on top
the external done."

Then work ground to a halt. Mr. Onorato noticed signs of oil, residue from a
diesel fuel heating system that had been dismantled and removed, and the
Department of Environmental Protection was called in. Cross Construction
completed the cleanup in December. "Then it took from December to April to
reapply for all the work permits, and we had to start all over again."

The Department of Buildings audited the application had filed and found the
plans to be incomplete. Last month it issued new permits.

"I have lived in that house -- in my head -- for four years," Mr. Onoroato, who
visits it every Sunday, said, adding: "There is a blessing in all this. The
mortgage rates will be lower than ever. If I had to go through this struggle all
over again, I would."

Still, he has yet to experience the satisfaction expressed by Mr. Russell
recently. "I love Harlem," he said. "I love my brownstone, and I am eternally
grateful to New York City for organizing these programs to provide home owning
opportunities to New Yorkers. I was at home with my partner and my dog, painting
rooms on Sept. 11 and I thought, 'If the world is going to end, this is where I
want to be -- in my new brownstone painting.' "

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: 212 West 112th Street, before and after it was transformed
through the city's Homeworks program in a renovation that took three years.
(Courtesy of Sebastian Russell); A restoration on Greene Avenue, Bushwick.
(William C. Lopez for The New York Times); Joseph Kuharic, left, and Sebastian
Russell. (Joyce Dopkeen/The New York Times) (pg. 1); Paula and Bill Shepard's
corner house on St. Nicholas Avenue is four stories tall and 85 feet deep, and
the living room has a chandelier that can be raised and lowered. The couple
signed a contract in 1998 for the house, whose price was $499,000, and paid
another $100,000 for upgrades. (Chester Higgins Jr./The New York Times) (pg. 6)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                             459 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 14, 2014 Friday

Massachusetts: GOVERNOR PATRICK RECOGNIZED FOR ADMINISTRATION'S EFFORTS TO
INVEST AND SPUR GROWTH IN THE COMMONWEALTH'S GATEWAY CITIES

LENGTH: 1180  words

DATELINE: Boston


The Office of Governor, The State of Massachusetts has issued the following news
release:

Governor Deval Patrick was today awarded MassINC's Gateway Cities Championship
Award for the historic infrastructure improvements, job creation efforts,
affordable housing preservation initiatives and work to prevent homelessness
that his Administration has prioritized over the last eight years. These
investments and others have helped the state's Gateway Cities compete and
succeed in today's 21st century economy.

"Working together with the Legislature, business leadership, labor and many
others, we have governed for the long-term interests of Massachusetts, we have
invested in our people and our future, and we have served the whole state," said
Governor Patrick. "Government cannot and should not do everything, but through
both reform and investments in education, innovation and infrastructure, we are
creating jobs and spurring economic growth throughout Massachusetts."

As part of his commitment to serve the whole state and help revitalize the
Commonwealth's 26 Gateway Cities, Governor Patrick launched the Gateway Cities
Initiative in 2008.  The Initiative was designed to promote economic development
in economically challenged areas and, to date, has delivered strong results in
the form of jobs, private development, affordable housing and improved access to
open spaces in the Gateway Cities.

Over the past eight years, Governor Patrick has worked with the Legislature and
Congress to direct over $1 billion in federal and state tax credits and state
housing program subsidies to projects that improve the state's affordable
housing, create jobs and build stronger communities. These investments have
generated more than 23,000 jobs and 20,000 housing units; 16,000 of which are
affordable.

"The Patrick Administration has taken a comprehensive approach to providing
support to Gateway Cities so they can grow and prosper," said Housing and
Economic Development Secretary Greg Bialecki. "By committing to strategic
investments in infrastructure, job creation and affordable housing developments,
we have helped jumpstart growth and economic development in our Gateway Cities."

Recognizing that major infrastructure investments are required to redevelop
Gateway Cities, Governor Patrick established a goal of spending at least 50
percent of MassWorks Grant funding on Gateway Cities. MassWorks is the
Commonwealth's primary program for making discretionary infrastructure
investments. To date, MassWorks has invested over $180 million in 101 projects
across the Commonwealth, with an average of 51 percent going to Gateway Cities.
In Brockton, the state invested $15 million to fund the redevelopment of an
entire block in downtown near the commuter rail station.  The Enterprise Block's
private developers have started on 55,000 square feet of new commercial space
and the construction of 113 new housing units.  In Worcester, the state invested
$27.25 million for the City Square Project, a multi-phase project that will
replace a failed urban-renewal era mall on 21 acres in downtown Worcester. The
project features over 2.2 million square feet of mixed-used space, including 350
housing units, 214,000 square feet of office space, pedestrian-friendly
streetscapes and open space, all within walking distance of Union Station. For a
full list of MassWorks projects in Gateway Cities, click here.

A key issue facing many of the Commonwealth's Gateway Cities has been increasing
the income and housing diversity within the city, particularly in downtown
areas. In order to address the issue of market rate and affordable housing in
Gateway Cities, the Patrick Administration has invested in housing projects that
have spurred substantial private investments. The Housing Development Incentive
Program, for example, provides a 10 percent state income tax credit and a local
real estate tax incentive when developers substantially rehab buildings to
create new market rate housing. In Haverhill, the Cordovan, an affordable
housing project located in Haverhill's smart growth district, created 63
affordable units and 242 market rate units. Developers are now proceeding on an
ambitious mixed-use development in Haverhill called Harbor Place, replacing a
long vacant retail site.

In an effort to address the high homelessness rates in Gateway Cities, the
Commonwealth expanded its rental assistance program for the first time in 24
years to help families transition out of shelters. Additionally, the Patrick
Administration has devoted a large portion of federal funding for neighborhood
stabilization in Gateway Cities to prevent foreclosures and target particular
properties where acquisition and rehabilitation would have strategic value.
Since 2009, MassHousing and the Mass Housing Partnership have provided mortgages
to approximately 6,000 first-time homebuyers in Gateway cities, representing 11
percent of the market share in those communities.

In addition, since the Economic Development Incentive Program was reformed by
the Governor and the Legislature in 2010, the program has awarded $38.5 million
in investment tax credits to 92 projects in Gateway Cities leading to the
potential creation of 4,329 new jobs and the retention of 13,441 jobs. These
investments have triggered $1.4 billion in private investments.

In an effort to close achievement gaps, Governor Patrick proposed a Gateway
Cities education agenda in 2011 to eliminate gaps that disproportionately affect
students living in poverty, students of color, students with disabilities, and
students who are English language learners in Gateway Cities. The Fiscal Year
(FY) 2015 budget includes an additional $2.5 million to support the
implementation of the Gateway Cities Education Agenda, and in particular,
strategies focusing on supporting English language learners and career readiness
for high school students. Under Governor Patrick's leadership, Massachusetts
schools have shown substantial progress in closing achievement gaps where they
are most persistent, including students of color, students who speak English as
a second language and students with learning disabilities. The most recent MCAS
results released this year by the Department of Elementary and Secondary
Education show that since 2007, 10th grade students across all racial and ethnic
backgrounds have made impressive progress, including a 24-point increase for
African American students and a 26-point increase for Hispanic students in
English Language Arts. Math results show a similar positive trend with a
28-point increase for African American students and a 24-point increase for
Hispanic students since 2007.

There are 26 Gateway Cities across the Commonwealth. In order to be considered a
Gateway City, municipalities must have a population between 35,000 and 250,000,
a median household income below the state average and a rate of educational
attainment of a bachelor's degree that is below the state average.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             460 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 20, 1997, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

NEIGHBORHOOD REPORT: BEDFORD-STUYVESANT;
Strip Mall Is Next Step for an Area of Weeds and Thieves

BYLINE: By AMY WALDMAN

SECTION: Section 13; Page 7; Column 3; The City Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 446 words


Weeds grow by the bushel on the lot at the southeast corner of Fulton Street and
Ralph Avenue, but for local consumers, there are slim pickings. Throughout the
neighborhood, empty buildings adjoin empty lots; stores, in contrast, are
sparse.

That may soon change. In September, developers are scheduled to break ground on
the lot for Partnership Plaza, a 19,000-square-foot retail complex that is to
include a Rite Aid drugstore and State Farm insurance office, as well as local
businesses. Alan Bell, a partner in the Hudson Companies, the plaza's developer,
said the strip mall will employ more than 100 local residents when it is
finished in about a year.

The plaza is part of the Giuliani administration's attempt to revive
once-healthy business corridors, many of which have been moribund since the
blackout 20 years ago. The eastern portion of Fulton Street has already
benefited from the Saratoga Square project, a public-private urban renewal
effort to enable about 1,250 families to buy homes in a 28-acre area bounded by
Atlantic Avenue and Bainbridge Street and Ralph and Rockaway Avenues.

Providing shops is the next step. The city, state and Federal governments are
providing approximately 30 percent of the $3.3 million for Partnership Plaza in
the form of loans, grants, land and tax abatements. The New York City Investment
Fund, which was set up by local business executives to aid distressed areas, is
providing $290,000 in equity.

"Retail is now hot for New York City," said Richard Roberts, Commissioner of the
City Department of Housing Preservation and Development. "We'd like these
neighborhoods to be part of that phenomenon."

Waiting for a bus at the corner of Fulton and Ralph, Veronica Clark, 36, who
owns a local shipping company, said she has to travel to the western end of
Fulton or to downtown Brooklyn for "just about everything." She and other
residents said the most pressing need was for a supermarket -- the nearest one
closed after a fire several months ago. By then the city was too far into
negotiations with other prospective tenants to change plans. But Kathryn Wylde,
president of the Investment Fund, said officials hoped to attract a supermarket
to the corner of Fulton Street and Saratoga Avenue.

Still, residents were hopeful that the new development would bring not just
goods and services, but greater safety too. Louis S. Scarborough, 69, who has
lived in eastern Bedford-Stuyvesant for 33 years, said thieves had been so
emboldened by the general desolation that they had even stolen his phone cables.
"I've seen the neighborhood die," Mr. Scarborough said. "I hope to see it
revive."   AMY WALDMAN

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             461 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                  May 11, 1992

Senators Focus on Rural Housing

BYLINE: By TED CORNWELL

SECTION: FARM AND RURAL MORTGAGES; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 570 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Rural housing needs often have been neglected by Federal policies, according to
members of Congress.

Sens. Dale Bumpers, D., Ark. and Terry Sanford, D., N.C. have sought to focus
more attention on rural housing needs.

Both have introduced rural housing bills, elements of which have been
incorporated into a housing reauthorization bill.

"For years now, media and public attention has focused on the serious housing
crisis that plagues our urban areas," Sen. Sanford said in April.

"However, the shortage of available housing stock, lack of mortgage credit and
large amount of substandard housing have left the problems of our rural
communities equally troublesome."

Sen. Sanford introduced a bill that would increase the authorized spending on a
number of Farmers Home Administration housing programs.

A backlog of applications for some FmHA grant and direct loan programs justifies
the increase, he said.

A housing subcommittee has incorporated elements of both the Sanford and Bumpers
proposals into a comprehensive housing reauthorization bill.

The legislation calls for permanent authorization for some Farmers Home programs
and would allow rental project owners to tap excess Section Eight reserves in
exchange for extending a long-term commitment to reserve the housing for
low-income tenants.

Sen. Sanford's proposal to make rural areas eligible for new construction under
the Housing and Urban Development HOME program also is included in a draft of
the reauthorization bill.

HOME similar to the Community Development Block Grant program, provides
localities with funds that are leveraged with local resources.

Both homeownership and rental assistance programs are eligible for HOME funding.

Programs to serve the rural homeless would get priority on the acquisition of
FmHA inventory housing under a provision borrowed from Sen. Bumpers' bill.

When he introduced the legislation in February, he said Federal policy has
neglected the rural homeless.

"Without the support systems available in urban areas, many have been forced to
take up residence in abandoned buses, chicken coops and other dangerous,
makeshift dwelling," he said.  "Federal programs are aimed almost exclusively at
homeless people in big cities."

Sen. Bumpers has sought amendments to the FmHA property disposition program to
make it easier for local government agencies or nonprofits to purchase FmHA
inventory property for transitional housing and housing for the homeless.

Sen. Bumpers also had sought a grant program to provide matching funds to public
and private agencies for homelessness prevention, relocation assistance,
emergency food and shelter and support services.

However, this was not included in the draft of the Senate reauthorization
legislation.

Nonprofits and public housing agencies would be able to lease or purchase FmHA
inventory housing for transition housing or homeless housing programs.

The reauthorization bill also would extend housing preservation provisions for
projects financed between 1979 and 1989.

The preservation program attempts to maintain the low-income use for assisted
rental housing where the owners have the option to prepay their assisted
mortgage and raise rents to market rates.

The Senate bill would prohibit the Secretary of Agriculture from placing the
FmHA rural housing programs under the jurisdiction of the newly created Rural
Development Administration.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 National Thrift News, Inc.


                             462 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                          January 31, 2001, Wednesday

W'BURG BUILDING'S OWNERS GET SPECIAL DEAL

BYLINE: Maggie Haberman

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 026

LENGTH: 412 words


City officials gave the owners of a government-subsidized Brooklyn apartment
complex a $5 million discount as part of a deal to collect $18 million in
long-overdue property taxes, The Post has learned.

Under a settlement with the city's Housing Preservation and Development Corp.,
Kraus Management - which owns Bedford Gardens, a 647-unit Williamsburg complex
that gets both city and federal rent subsidies - will pay about $13 million this
year on its government held mortgage, $5 million less than what's due.

In exchange, Kraus, a father-and-son company and one of the city's biggest tax
scofflaws, will pay the $16 million in real-estate taxes, along with $2.5
million in sewer and water charges, that it has owed since 1991.

The Krauses stopped paying taxes when a requested rent increase fell through.

Under the deal, the Krauses finally got an increase, ending almost three years
of lawsuits that they had filed against the city.

The building owners also agreed to keep Bedford Gardens in the Mitchell-Lama
program for low- and middle-income tenants for the next 20 years.

The $5 million mortgage discount - a one-shot deal - is virtually the same as
the interest on the back taxes.

The 23 percent rent increase, taking effect March 1, will be staggered over four
years. But the hikes won't kick in for the final three years if the Krauses
aren't up-to-date on their taxes by then.

Asked about the discount, HPD spokeswoman Carol Abrams said, "It's a specified
dollar amount, in order to facilitate the settlement, [and] get the charges
paid."

Stephen Kraus, the company's senior vice president who runs the business with
his father, Herman, insisted the mortgage discount wasn't a "sweetener."

Isaac Abraham, an outraged Bedford Gardens Tenants Council representative,
attacked the deal as rewarding someone "all because he has not paid taxes."

Bedford Gardens has been at the center of a rent war since in 1995, when the HPD
refused to grant an increase. The current rent is $546 for a one-bedroom.

In 1998, the HPD finally granted the rent hike. But the federal Department of
Housing and Urban Development, which that year gave the building's tenants more
than $3 million in subsidies, blocked it because the HPD bungled the
application.

That prompted the Krauses to file a lawsuit against the HPD.

Finally, the HPD refiled the application correctly, and HUD approved it after
the agency and the Krauses settled their case.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2001 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                             463 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             June 10, 2006 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Donations Take the Hit as Housing Prices Rise;
Charities Find Fewer People Have Land, Supplies or Labor to Give

BYLINE: Tomoeh Murakami Tse, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A Section; A01

LENGTH: 883 words


Charlene McCall, who has spent years building houses for the poor, has never had
to worry about buying land.

But the soaring prices that have made housing affordability a growing concern
throughout the region have claimed another casualty: generosity.

"We can't get people to donate land anymore," said McCall, board president of
Habitat for Humanity's Prince George's County chapter.

Last month, her organization bought its first land parcel after building on the
last of the lots donated to it over the years. "They offer it to us and a month
later we find out they sold it. It happens all the time. And you can't blame
them for that  --  they're making money."

Over the past five years, home prices in much of the region doubled and
neighborhoods that had long been ignored became fashionable. Nonprofits such as
Habitat that had long served those communities found themselves competing with
speculators and developers for properties that once might have been given away.

Never mind the cooling housing market. From District-based Mi Casa Inc., which
builds about a half-dozen houses every year and redevelops small multifamily
buildings, to the Community Preservation and Development Corp., a regional
developer of big multifamily complexes, local nonprofits are confronting the
realities of a changed housing market.

"We used to call ourselves the buyers of last resort," said George Rothman,
president and chief executive of Manna Inc., a 24-year-old organization that
builds and develops affordable housing in the District. "We would buy properties
nobody wanted. But now it doesn't matter what part of the city you're looking
at. There are investors, speculators, corporations."

The housing boom has also claimed existing affordable housing around the region,
as building owners found it a lot more profitable to turn buildings into luxury
condos than to rent to moderate-income families or those who qualified for
government-subsidized Section 8 housing.

The issues extend beyond the scarcity of cheap land. Groups say they have seen
declines in donated construction materials as their costs rise. With so much
building going on, finding plumbers and electricians to work alongside
volunteers is difficult, said Carol Casperson, who heads the D.C. chapter of
Habitat for Humanity.

When her group started a 53-home project on a 4.3-acre lot in Northeast
Washington in 2002, contractors would call and ask for work, Casperson recalled
recently as she drove around the area, now dotted with construction cranes.
"They'd say, 'I heard you were building,' " Casperson said. "Now, we have to beg
people to come out and give us a bid."

She said her group was fortunate to get the land from the D.C. Housing Authority
before the housing boom really took off. "This will work for another year or
two," she said.

The nonprofits are dealing with the situation in various ways.

Rather than trying to buy houses directly from owners, Fernando Lemos, Mi Casa's
founder and executive director, focuses on getting property through the U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development and the District's Home Again
program, which takes control of vacant, deteriorated parcels and sells them to
developers. The city program requires that a third of the redeveloped homes be
sold to low- and moderate-income households.

To keep costs down, Lemos and his staff also began building market-rate houses
to offset costs in the houses it sells to families of lesser means. For example,
the group was recently able to sell a $160,000 two-bedroom unit in Southeast
Washington for $100,000, thanks to a home it sold in Northwest for a profit.
"It's a challenging situation right now," Lemos said.

In Northern Virginia, construction of affordable homes by the local Habitat for
Humanity chapter nearly stopped four years ago when its pipeline of land dried
up, said Karen Cleveland, executive director. After developing 18 homes in 2003,
the group was able to build only one house the following year, two in 2005 and
two this year.

The nonprofit aggressively raised money, Cleveland said, reaching out to
individuals and businesses, hosting breakfasts and setting up an endowment fund
for land acquisition. It teamed with larger builders to develop the affordable
portion of larger developments. And instead of sticking to the traditional
Habitat model home  --  single-family house with three bedrooms and one bath  --
the group began to shift its focus to multifamily units.

The group just broke ground on its first condominium project, in Fairfax County,
and is working with Arlington County to convert an apartment building into a
three-story, 12-unit condo, Cleveland said. "We need to continue to try new
ways, be creative," she said.

Meanwhile, J. Michael Pitchford, president and chief executive of Community
Preservation and Development Corp., stands ready to pounce at the first signs of
a softening market. His group was recently outbid on a 391-unit apartment rental
building in Annandale by a for-profit developer. But with condo prices
flattening, Pitchford is hoping some developers will abandon their projects as
their profit margins tighten.

"The condo market has shifted. The investors are out," he said, adding, "A good
old-fashioned real estate recession will be helpful."

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                             464 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 25, 1995, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Mayor Opposes Lifting Certain Rent Curbs

BYLINE: By STEVEN LEE MYERS

SECTION: Section 1;  Page 29;  Column 1;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 743 words


For the last 25 years, the board that controls rents for New York City's 900,000
rent-stabilized apartments has generally approved annual increases loosely based
on increases in landlords' costs, applying them equally to the cheapest and most
expensive apartments.

This year, however, the Rent Guidelines Board is considering a proposal that
would for the first time establish a two-tier increase, allowing landlords to
impose much higher rents on the cheapest apartments, those that cost less than
$400 a month. In a still more sweeping change, the proposal would also grant
landlords steep increases for vacant apartments.

Now, with the nine-member board set to vote on the proposals tomorrow night,
Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani has weighed in strongly with a proposal that supports
the two-tier increases, but opposes the increases for vacant apartments.

In a letter to the board's members released on Friday, the Mayor's Commissioner
of Housing Preservation and Development, Deborah C. Wright, called the board's
proposal on vacant properties "an unprecedented step."

"This sweeping change would be tantamount to vacancy decontrol in many
instances," Ms. Wright wrote. "As you know, the Mayor has supported rent control
and stabilization. As such, we oppose this attempt to substantially phase out
these protections."

The Mayor's position -- which he reiterated yesterday during a news conference
at City Hall -- contradicts that of one of his two board appointees, Paul
Atanasio, who first proposed the changes for vacant apartments in May.

And it further clouds the board's impending vote on the proposals. While the
board granted initial approval to the proposals, some members have signaled
their opposition in recent weeks to parts of them, and the Mayor's position
could hold considerable sway.

Edward S. Hochman, the board's chairman and Mr. Giuliani's other new appointee,
said yesterday that he had not yet decided how he would vote but that he and
other members would certainly take into account the Mayor's opposition.

"Right now, it's up for grabs," Mr. Hochman said. "But because of the Mayor's
strong statement against vacancy decontrol, I think that many of us will
reconsider it."

The board's proposals have provoked even more passionate debate than usual on
one of the city's most charged issues, pitting tenants' desire for affordable
housing against landlords' desire to earn enough to keep up their buildings and
turn a profit.

In considering the proposals, the board has argued that there is mounting
evidence that many landlords of low-rent buildings can no longer afford to
maintain them. They say the strain puts landlords at risk of defaulting on taxes
or abandoning their buildings.

The new increases would allow rent on apartments under $400 a month to increase
by 4 percent for one-year leases and 8.5 percent for two-year leases. Rents on
those costing $400 or more would rise by 1 percent and 2 percent, respectively.

On vacant apartments, the proposal would give landlords the option of setting a
minimum rent of $400, increasing rent 15 percent or charging a rent comparable
to other apartments in the same building, up to $1,000. The Mayor has requested
a smaller increase for vacant apartments of 8.5 percent.

Mr. Giuliani said yesterday that he disagreed with his appointee, Mr. Atanasio,
and urged him to reconsider. In addition to the letter, the Mayor said he had
sent a handwritten note to his appointees.

"I asked my appointees," he said, "to support these views and to advocate for
these views and try to convince other members of the board that this would be an
appropriate compromise resolution of the issue."

Last year, the board approved increases of 2 percent and 4 percent for all
apartments -- the smallest increase in 25 years. This year's increases would
take effect between Oct. 1 of this year and Sept. 30 of 1996.

In her letter, Ms. Wright said that the two-tier increase would "begin to
address the hardships faced by landlords," but that the increases for vacant
apartments were untenable.

Ms. Wright said that 214,000 apartments -- or nearly 20 percent of the total --
rent for less than $400. More than half of those, she noted, cost less than
$304, meaning that a minimum rent of $400 would in effect mean at least a 30
percent increase. Allowing landlords to charge rent at the level of comparable
apartments up to $1,000 could mean more drastic increases in some cases.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                             465 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                            November 4, 2005 Friday

New Partnership For Affordable Homes

BYLINE: Florence Davis

SECTION: EDITORIAL & OPINION; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 654 words


The good news: New York is thriving again. Crime is plummeting. Jobs are on the
rise. And property values are through the roof.

The bad news: All that prosperity means fewer places to live for the working
poor and other families with limited incomes. In other words, this city is
facing an affordable housing crisis.

What a change from 30 years ago - when the streets were dirty and dangerous,
jobs were scarce, and people were leaving in droves. Back then it was so
unprofitable to own residential housing that landlords were abandoning their
properties by the thousands.

Those tax-foreclosed lots and buildings eventually ended up in the city's
overextended hands. For years they remained vacant. Then, in the 1980s and '90s,
as neighborhoods revived, those apartments were rebuilt. What was once a
stockpile of more than 6,300 abandoned buildings dwindled to a few hundred.

A remarkable success. But where do we go from here to provide affordable housing
to hundreds of thousands of New Yorkers who still need it?

That's the question the Starr Foundation chairman, Hank Greenberg, asked us two
years ago when it became clear that New York City would soon rehabilitate its
last derelict properties. "It's impossible for the city to remain diverse if
thousands of New Yorkers are priced out of the housing market," he said. Mr.
Greenberg wanted a program that would help solve the problem. The Starr
Foundation was willing to put up $12.5 million - provided someone could find a
way to leverage that into the production of thousands of low-cost homes. The
Enterprise Foundation went to work on solutions.

It took some doing, but we found a way - with the help of the Rockefeller, Ford,
and MacArthur Foundations, the Open Society Institute, the city's Department of
Housing, Preservation and Development, the Local Initiatives Support
Corporation, and the local banking community. This unprecedented teaming of
foundations, banks, and government will leverage Starr's initial $12.5 million
grant into a $200 million acquisition fund - enough money to spur the creation
of an estimated 30,000 affordable homes over the next decade, as Mayor Bloomberg
announced last month.

Dubbed the New York City Affordable Acquisition Fund, this new financial power
tool makes it possible to convert more expensive private land into affordable
housing. This is critical now that the city's inventory of cheap abandoned
properties has virtually dried up.

How does it work? Currently, affordable housing developers are at a huge
disadvantage in the sizzling real estate market. During the months it takes them
to line up the financing to purchase a property, developers building more
expensive market-rate housing can secure financing faster - and pay top dollar.

Through the new fund, affordable housing developers will be able to obtain
rapid, short-term loans while they seek permanent financing. The fund will offer
guarantees to banks so that they won't shy away from backing riskier affordable
developments. Finally, affordable housing developers will be able to access
financing on better terms and partner with the city to assemble permanent
financing, allowing them to compete with their market rate counterparts.

What this means is that thousands of the city's elderly and working poor won't
have to choose between paying rent and the utility bill each month - choices
that people living in a wealthy, caring society like ours should never have to
make. But, sadly, they do.

That's why this new paradigm of foundations, financial institutions, and
government collaborating together is so important. As we proved with affordable
housing, the partnering of these three sectors can stimulate market based
solutions to social ills that none of them could take on alone.

Ms. Davis is the president of the Starr Foundation. This article was written in
conjunction with the chairman and chief executive officer of the Enterprise
Foundation, Bart Harvey.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             466 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 18, 1986, Friday, Late City Final Edition

KOCH, UNDER STIFF PRESSURE, KILLS CLINTON HOUSING PLAN

BYLINE: By DAVID W. DUNLAP

SECTION: Section B; Page 1, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1073 words


Facing stiff opposition on the Board of Estimate, Mayor Koch yesterday reversed
course and abruptly canceled a two-block, private housing project in the Clinton
neighborhood of Manhattan, and said the site would be auctioned instead.

The Mayor's announcement came just hours before the project - which would have
included housing subsidized through the use of tax abatements, tax-exempt
bonding and a Federal grant - was to have been considered by the Board of
Estimate.

The Mayor's action, which he announced in the lobby of City Hall while dozens of
people were arriving for the board meeting, astonished and dismayed community
leaders, local politicians and at least one of the project's developers.

Mr. Koch said that increasing land values in Clinton ''might result in greater
developer interest'' than when the project was proposed four years ago and that
an auction of the properties on the west side of 10th Avenue, between 51st and
53d Streets, might mean ''a greater yield for the city.''

Decision Made in Morning

The Mayor did not speculate on how the Board of Estimate might have voted, but
conceded that he did not have the support either of Borough President David N.
Dinkins of Manhattan or City Comptroller Harrison J. Goldin.

The Mayor said he was ''alerted to the problem'' Tuesday. Meetings on the matter
were still being held in the mayoral wing of City Hall late yesterday morning,
which was when Mr. Koch said he made his decision.

Mr. Koch said he believed that in the areas of the city where property can be
sold for ''millions of dollars, which then go into our operating budget so we
can build a lot of low-income housing,'' that course ''is far to be preferred
than our simply taking very valuable midtown sites in Manhattan and turning them
into low-income housing.''

As for the Clinton project, which had been put together by his own Housing
Preservation and Development Department under a request for proposals from
private developers, Mayor Koch said: ''That's dead. That's dead. It will go now
to auction.''

The plans called for a 27-story tower on the south side of 52d Street, to be
built by Glick Development Affiliates, and a 32-story tower on the north side of
52d Street, to be built by Norman Segal and Bernard Brodsky. A total of nearly
780 apartments had been planned. #5 Votes Against Plan Mr. Dinkins sent a letter
to the Mayor on Tuesday saying that he would not support the project. Mr. Goldin
let the Mayor know of his opposition Wednesday night. And Andrew J. Stein, the
City Council President, was also against the plan.

So, yesterday morning, before the board even convened, there were five votes
solidly lined up against the Clinton project. The Council President and the
Comptroller each have two votes on the Board of Estimate, as does the Mayor. The
Borough Presidents each have one vote.

Among his reasons for opposing the project, Mr. Dinkins said, were his concerns
that increased land costs would ''enormously'' inflate rents in the new
buildings, that they did not have enough housing for the poor, that the towers
were out of scale in the area and that there were insufficient plans to relocate
existing tenants.

Among Mr. Goldin's concerns, a spokesman said, were that the request for
proposals had not been widely circulated, that changes were made in the criteria
for choosing developers, that apartments for the elderly might not materialize
and that the project would disrupt a thriving community.

Mr. Stein said he had hoped to reach a compromise on the plan that would address
his concerns about the number of low-income residents in the new buildings and
the eviction of tenants from existing buildings.

Favorable Treatment Charged

Critics of the Clinton proposal have charged that one of the developers, Reuben
Glick, enjoyed favorable treatment as a result of his campaign contributions to
Mr. Koch. Acknowledging the problem of dealing with this perception, Mr. Koch
said nonetheless that it was only of ''secondary'' importance in his decision
making and that, in any event, Mr. Glick's contributions did not affect his
treatment.

Besides stopping the development, an auction would seriously jeopardize any
chances that a community group called the Clinton Preservation Local Development
Corporation has to advance a plan of its own for the same site. ''Not only will
it cut out the community,'' said Margot Lewitin, a local leader. ''It will cut
out anyone who wants to do low-income housing.''

The local Community Board, several elected officials and a large group of
Clinton residents had opposed the plan that was withdrawn yesterday, because, in
part, Miss Lewitin said, the plans ''do not contain adequate provisions for
moving residents, arts organizations and business to new locations.''

But they were not in a mood to congratulate themselves. Miss Lewitin,
immediately after the Mayor's announcement, said, ''This is so outrageous it
defies comment.''

Councilwoman Ruth W. Messinger, a West Side Democrat, said that because the land
had originally been taken as an urban-renewal site for low- and middle-income
housing, there might be legal grounds to block an auction.

Moments after Mr. Koch's announcement, Mrs. Messinger said, ''He comes up with
the ultimate in a vicious response to an embattled community, saying he will
sell land out from under them in a way that's guaranteed - by his own statement
- to turn Manhattan into a province for the very rich.''

Although details of the auction were sketchy yesterday, Mr. Koch said there
would be few restrictions placed on purchasers, except that 20 percent of the
housing would have to be subsidized and that construction would have to start
within a short period after the sale.

Complaints Investigated

In order to take place, the auction plan would have to go through the city's
uniform land-use review procedure.

Meanwhile, the Housing Preservation and Development Department's inspector
general is investigating complaints from residents and businessmen who occupy
the proposed site of the project that the department had urged the developer to
seek Federal subsidies, while not informing the community that such subsidies
were available.

A Housing Department official said the existence of the subsidy programs was
public knowledge and that the department had routinely urged all developers with
applications pending to apply for the Federal programs.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             467 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            December 5, 2004 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

HOMES FOR THE HOLIDAYS;
MOUNT HOREB DECKS THE HALLS AT SIX HOMES;
HOUSE WALK

BYLINE: Pamela Cotant For the State Journal

SECTION: HOME; Pg. J1

LENGTH: 1039 words


When Melissa Olmsted purchased her Mount Horeb home a few months ago, she
imagined coming down the fancy open oak stairway with her family on Christmas
morning.

So when she was asked to participate in the fourth annual Holiday House Walk on
Dec. 12 in Mount Horeb, Olmsted readily agreed.

"One of the reasons I wanted to buy the house was I thought it would be a cool
Christmas house," said Olmsted, who lives at 211 S. Sixth St.

Now Olmsted and her husband, Jon, are busy decorating the house for the annual
home tour, which runs from 4 to 8 p.m. Dec. 12 at six homes in Mount Horeb.

Besides showing off the homes themselves, the tour is designed to evoke the
sights, sounds and smells of Christmas through music, candles, potpourri or
other fragrances.

Evening hours were chosen for the tour to show off the homes' Christmas lights.

The event is presented by the Mount Horeb Area Chamber of Commerce, the Old
House Enthusiasts and the Mount Horeb Landmarks Foundation.

The event raises money for renovation of the historic District One School, 110
N. Second St., Angel Tree. It also provides funds to buy gifts for those in
need, to support the food pantry in Mount Horeb and other community projects.

In addition to the home tour, a variety of activities will be centered at the
schoolhouse, where walls that were put up when it was a residence are being
knocked down. A garden also has been created with money and labor from the Mound
Vue Garden and a grant from the Mount Horeb Rotary Club.

Sons of Norway will have a display at the school and will serve as hosts for
refreshments included in the ticket price. An old-fashioned school pageant
display also will be set up.

A quartet dressed in Dickens-era attire will play on the hour at the school and
then stroll to the North Grove Street homes on the tour.

Adding to the festive mood, horse-drawn rides will take tour participants from
the school to the South Fifth Street homes.

A bridge leading to the South Sixth Street home will be lit with lights, music
will be playing and guides will be helping people find their way.

"It's just a little touch to make it a little something extra," said Peggy
Donaldson, tour coordinator. "We tried to keep the familiarity of it."

All the houses' walkways will be lit, too.

The home tour is the last major event in Mount Horeb during "Small Town
Holidays" now through Dec. 19.

Immediate attraction

The Olmsteds moved to Mount Horeb from Barneveld and Jon Olmsted now runs
Olmsted Landscaping with his two brothers.

Melissa Olmstead said she was attracted to her four-square home with its wide,
white front porch and swing when she drove past it.

"I just fell in love with it," said Melissa Olmsted, a first- and second-grade
teacher at Mount Horeb Primary Center.

The four-bedroom home was built in 1917 and at one point was a two-flat
apartment. The former kitchen on the first floor is now a playroom for the
Olmsteds' 2-year-old daughter, Anaya.

A new kitchen was created in a former back porch and a peninsula separates it
from the dining room.

The Olmsteds renovated the first-floor bathroom with a whirlpool tub, ceramic
tile and wainscoting.

The 2,200-square-foot home has plaster walls with a circular texture. The
Olmsteds found hardwood floors when they removed carpeting. French doors
separate the living room and dining room, which have etched windows and 9
1/2-foot ceilings.

Also on the tour

Other homes on the tour:

* Ott home, 120 N. Grove St. Built by J.P. Moe and Son in 1903, the four-square
home has three sets of pocket doors on the first floor, 9 1/2-foot ceilings and
original ornate brass light fixtures.

The rooms feature a variety of faux paint techniques and a mixture of antique
and modern furniture and decorations and a fresh Christmas tree will be on
display in the bay window seating area.

This past summer, the exterior of the home was restored to its original
appearance. Old photos were used as guides and are on display in the home.

* Dickenson home, 117 N. Grove St. The Craftsman-style home was built in1912 by
J.P. Moe and Son.

Visitors will be greeted by six lighted Christmas trees on the trellis of the
wraparound porch. A fresh Christmas tree graces the base of the open stairwell
while a cluster of handmade Santas can be found nearby.

The den and dining room have heavy beamed ceilings. The home has beveled lead
glass windows, a fireplace made of field stones from the area and decor from
countries where the family has worked and visited.

* Holthusen home, 115 N. Grove St. Built in 1915, the home features a large open
front porch and generous use of hardwood moldings and flooring. It has an
unusual quanity of beveled glass -- 141 panes in the living room -- and unique
interior brick work that was part of later updates in the kitchen, family and
recreation rooms.

The table will be set with antique, colorful Fiestaware.

* Nowak home, 106 S. Fifth St. The Queen Anne-style home was built in 1901 for
John and Harda Vilberg. He was a local hardware merchant, worked in real estate
and insurance and served as a Dane County supervisor and local postmaster.

In the 1940s, the home was converted to a two-flat and many of its architectural
elements were lost. Tony and Darlene Nowak purchased the home in 1991 and did a
number of projects, including reconstruction of the two-story front porch to
make it look original.

The Nowaks' collection of Victorian antiques provides a backdrop for Victorian
tree ornaments.

* Kuse home, 200 S. Fifth St. The Victorian has refinished woodwork, ornate
moldings and pocket doors. It is decorated with Asian furnishings.

The country-style kitchen features knotty pine and a sculpture made from an
Allis Chalmers lawnmower and scrap metal stands in the family room. A decorated
child's playhouse made by a local artisan is found in the back yard.

If you go

* What: Holiday House Walk in Mount Horeb

* When: 4 to 8 p.m., Dec. 12

* Where: Six homes in Mount Horeb at 120 N. Grove St., 117 N. Grove St., 115 N.
Grove St., 106 S. Fifth St., 211 S. Sixth St. and 200 S. Fifth St.

* Admission: Tickets are $12 in advance and $15 the day of the tour. They are
available at 10 area merchants and weekdays at the Mount Horeb Area Chamber
office at 100 S. First St.

* Information: 608-437-5914 or 608-437-1108.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Pam Cotant - For the State Journal The walkway of this four-square home
at 211 S. Sixth St. will be glowing with luminaries to guide visitors on the
fourth annual Holiday House Walk from 4 to 8 p.m. on Dec. 12 in Mount Horeb.
Decked out for the holidays, this open oak stairway is one of the primary
features that attracted Melissa Olmsted to the home at 211 S. Sixth Street, one
of six sites on the fourth annual Holiday House Walk.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2004 Madison Newspapers, Inc.


                             468 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 5, 1992, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

POSTINGS: Saratoga Square;
New Site for Houses

SECTION: Section 10; Page 1; Column 4; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 276 words


Three years ago, in accepting City Hall's plan to house several hundred homeless
people in the area between Bedford-Stuyvesant and Ocean Hill-Brownsville,
Borough President Howard Golden of Brooklyn insisted on a broader solution to
the crisis.

"What we were trying to push for was a neighborhood approach," Mr. Golden's
executive assistant, Marilyn Gelber, said last week. "Yes, we'd approve a
considerable number of homeless units but it was more important that it be part
of a balanced plan."

Now working its way through city review is the second part of the overall plan
for the Saratoga Square urban renewal area, bounded roughly by Atlantic Avenue
and Bainbridge Street, Ralph and Rockaway Avenues.

The project, which Ms. Gelber said has already been approved by Community Boards
3 and 16, involves the construction of 376 two-family, owner-occupied homes,
sponsored by the New York City Housing Partnership, in a program jointly
administered with the city's Department of Housing Preservation and Development.
An additional 555 units are to be rehabilitated in some 116 existing buildings.

"It's an interesting area because it really hasn't had any private investment
for several decades," said Kathryn Wylde, president of the partnership, "so this
will be opening up a new homeownership community."

Using a portion of the city's capital budget that is under his power to
allocate, Mr. Golden is earmarking $10,000 a unit for the new construction. That
is added to city and Federal subsidies of $25,000 a unit. The goal, Ms. Wylde
said, is to bring the purchase price within the range of families with annual
incomes as low as $25,000.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                             469 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             September 14, 1988, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

2d Developer Joins With New York City To Build Apartments

BYLINE: By ALAN FINDER

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1203 words


The Milstein Organization, one of New York City's largest residential and
commercial developers, has agreed to build for very limited profit more than
1,000 apartments in the Clinton section of Manhattan, company representatives
and city officials have said.

The accord is the second reached this year by the Koch administration with a
major New York developer to build, for a limited return, housing affordable to
moderate- and middle-income people, generally with incomes of up to $50,000 a
year. The Milstein plan, like a similar agreement with Samuel J. LeFrak, the
city's largest residential developer, depends on a creative financing
arrangement.

The plan is subject to approval by the City Planning Commission and the Board of
Estimate. The city will give any developer the chance to compete for the
project, provided it can build for a lower rate of return. City officials said
they were confident, however, that no one would be able to improve the package,
and they said they were hopeful that it would be approved by the two city
agencies.

Modeled on LeFrak Project

Mr. Koch, in announcing last February that Mr. LeFrak would build 1,200
apartments on the Lower East Side, said he hoped other developers would offer to
build similar projects for limited returns.

Milstein representatives then approached the city, said the Commissioner of
Housing Preservation and Development, Abraham Biderman.

''This is part of the Mayor's overall challenge to those who have made a lot of
money in New York to give something back,'' he added. Mr. Biderman said he had
also been talking to other developers, whom he declined to identify.

''This is not the end of the process,'' he said. ''Hopefully there will be
more.''

Officials said the limited-profit ventures were vital because they would help
provide new housing for moderate- and middle-income families. The high prices of
land, labor, interest and construction in New York have made it virtually
impossible for developers to produce high-rise housing affordable for households
earning less than $50,000 or so, and there are not huge government subsidies
available to bridge the gap.

''This provides an opportunity to do something that the private sector can't
afford to do by itself for this population,'' Mr. Biderman said.

Cross-Subsidy Financing

Details of the Milstein plan, which has been under negotiation for months and
which has been presented to some elected officials and community groups, were
confirmed by officials and a representative of the company.

Under the plan, the developer would build housing on two city sites using a
creative financing arrangement called a cross-subsidy. On the larger property,
almost a full block bounded by 44th and 45th Streets and 10th and 11th Avenues,
the company would build 740 apartments. Half would be sold at market rates as
condominiums, with profits from the sales used to help set affordable rents on
the other units for moderate- and middle-income households.

Milstein would make no money from the construction and sale of the condominiums.
The profits would help offset the cost of building the 370 rental apartments on
the 44th Street site, as well as the cost of building 300 rental units and
rehabilitating 44 run-down occupied city apartments on the second site, on 10th
Avenue between 54th and 55th Streets.

The city would contribute a direct subsidy of $25,000 a unit to go toward
keeping the rents for new apartments affordable and $30,000 a unit for the
renovations.

Controversial Proposals

The developer would also build two schools on the 44th Street site, most of
which is a parking lot. An old elementary school on the property would be
demolished.

The cost of the entire project, including the schools, would be $150 million,
according to Mr. Biderman. The city would pay $20 million for the schools, which
Milstein would build at cost.

Proposals for new housing have often been controversial in Clinton, which, like
some other Manhattan neighborhoods, has been rapidly gentrified in recent years.
A plan to build on two properties along 10th Avenue between 51st and 53d Streets
was scuttled by the Koch administration in 1986, after advocates of low-income
housing had argued that it would displace poor residents and that it failed to
include enough apartments for the poor.

Mr. Biderman said he hoped that some unusual aspects of the new plan would make
it more palatable to those concerned about housing for the poor.

He said that 80 percent of the 370 rental apartments to be built at the 44th
Street site would be made available to middle-income households, defined as
those with total incomes of $32,000 to $53,000 a year. The remaining 20 percent
of the units would be for households earning $15,000 to $25,000 a year.

Management by 2 Groups

Under conventional formulas, a family earning $25,000 could not afford a rent
higher than $625 a month, and a family earning $53,000 could afford no more than
$1,325 a month.

Mr. Biderman said the limits would be more restricted on the 300 apartments to
be constructed at 54th Street, because the property is part of an urban-renewal
area. Eighty percent of the units would be reserved for households earning
between $25,000 and $40,000 a year, with the rest for those with salaries
between $15,000 and $25,000.

Two groups, the Settlement Housing Fund and the Clinton Housing Association,
would own and manage the 54th Street apartments, Mr. Biderman said. The 44
apartments that are to be renovated would become low-income tenant cooperatives.

''This is what we really want, which is low- and moderate-income housing on the
site,'' said Carol Lamberg, executive director of the Settlement Housing Fund,
which has worked with the housing association on plans for the 54th Street
property for several years.

Conversion After 20 Years

Milstein would retain ownership of the 370 rental apartments at 44th Street, and
it would be limited to an annual return of 8.5 percent of its equity. The
company would also be permitted to convert the site to cooperatives or
condominiums after 20 years, provided it paid off its low-interest city loans
and paid the city market rates for the property.

No specific designs for the buildings have been made, Mr. Biderman said. There
would be at least two apartment buildings at 44th Street and at least one at
54th Street, he added.

The brothers who own the family real-estate company, Paul and Seymour Milstein,
declined to be interviewed. In a statement, they said they were pleased to put
their company's ''construction and marketing expertise'' together with the city.

The Milsteins have developed 10,000 apartments in New York and also own
commercial properties and the Milford Plaza Hotel. They purchased the Emigrant
Savings Bank last year.

The executive vice president of the Clinton Preservation Local Development
Corporation, John Glynn, said he was unfamiliar with the Milstein plan and could
not comment on it. Officials of Community Board 4 did not return calls. Both
local groups are in a coalition that has created its own development plan for
the entire Clinton renewal area, bounded by 10th and 11th Avenues and 50 and
56th Streets.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of 11th Avenue (pg. B4) (NYT/Jim Wilson); map of Manhattan
showing development sites (pg. B4) (NYT)

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             470 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           December 26, 1995, Tuesday

CONTRACTOR BUILDING MINDS FIRM SETS UP SCHOLARSHIPS

BYLINE: By LAURA WILLIAMS

SECTION: Suburban; Pg.  1

LENGTH: 453 words


A city construction company is getting into the scholarship business.

Full Spectrum Building and Development, which has nearly completed construction
of 61 affordable two-family houses in Bedford-Stuyvesant, has established a
scholarship fund for the residents and neighbors of these new homes.

Carlton Brown, one of the three owners of Full Spectrum, hopes to raise $ 50,000
with boosters from matching grants for the fund. The company is putting up $
15,000.

The money will be earmarked for college-bound Brooklyn teenagers seeking degrees
in "the sort of skills it takes to rebuild the community," Brown said, referring
to engineering, architecture, urban planning, economics, public administration,
teaching and business.

Brown, who lives in Bedford-Stuyvesant, said he hopes the scholarship fund will
encourage young, talented people to stay in the neighborhood once they learn
skills and earn degrees.

"You see the athlete on the news who says he got out of the ghetto because he
could shoot the basketball 1,000 feet," he said. "We want to see these young
people on the news, 10 years from now, saying, 'I've got these skills and I'm
not going to leave.' "

A stable community is good for business, Brown said. "On the one hand, [the
scholarship] is altruistic. On the other hand, we're thinking about our [Full
Spectrum's] long-term needs."

Brown added that affordable housing and good education are the cornerstones to
strong communities.

"It's hard to think of selling houses to working people who are upwardly mobile
without thinking about education," he said.

In the meantime, he's concentrating on finishing the $ 13.3 million construction
project, dubbed the Thomas S. Boyland Homes at Saratoga Square.

The first phase, which is 90% complete, includes 19 homes on Sumpter Ave. and at
Marion and Thomas Sts. The second phase 42 houses on Sumpter, Chauncey and
Boyland Sts.  is 65% done. Another developer, AMREP Inc., is working with Full
Spectrum on the second phase.

The nonprofit New York City Housing Partnership coordinated the Thomas S.
Boyland project, which was funded by the city Department of Housing Preservation
and Development and the state Affordable Housing Corp. The Brooklyn borough
president's office also chipped in, contributing $ 30,000 per two-family house.

The houses, which have all been sold, were limited to families earning $ 24,500
to $ 53,000 a year. Prospective buyers learned of the houses through the
community outreach of five neighborhood organizations.

The minimum sale price for a two-family house was $ 128,089. Fleet Bank worked
out mortgages for home buyers and provided $ 6.8 million for construction
financing.


LOAD-DATE: December 26, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MARK BONIFACIO A CUT ABOVE: Local politicians and others brave snow and
chill to cut ribbon for Thomas S. Boyland Homes in Bedford-Stuyvesant.

                        Copyright 1995 Daily News, L.P.


                             471 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 2, 2015 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

A Tenement Was Her Neighborhood

BYLINE: By SANDRA E. GARCIA

SECTION: Section MB; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; NEW YORK STORY; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1323 words


Sometime in the next year, my childhood home is going to disappear. The building
where I was raised, 602 West 132nd Street, is being torn down to make room for
Columbia University's $6 billion Manhattanville campus expansion.

The building may not look like much -- it's a lonely six-story brick tenement
sandwiched between a U-Haul warehouse and what used to be the Madame Alexander
doll factory, across the street from a bus depot.

But to me and my childhood neighbors, it was our world.

''I had my first kiss here; I went on my first date while living here,'' said
Lyzeth Calderini, 37, who has lived in the building since she was a year old.
''It's like all my memories are being destroyed.''

That immense feeling of loss grips me as well.

My family moved into the building in 1987, a year before I was born. We stayed
there until 2003, when my mother found a three-bedroom apartment that better
accommodated us. The new apartment, on Faile Street in the Bronx, was renovated
and had sparkly appliances. But it wasn't the building I adored.

The building at 602 West 132nd went up in 1907, in an industrial neighborhood.
At some point, it was taken over by the City of New York and was managed by the
Department of Housing Preservation and Development. The apartments were
rent-regulated, with most tenants paying $311 a month. Some of the remaining
tenants still pay that amount.

Today, 12th Avenue is inviting and bright, with restaurants, nightclubs and a
shiny silver pier facing a leafy park connecting to a bike path. But in the
1980s the area was desolate, save for a few auto repair shops. There was no
pier, and the water was too close and too dark at night. Most of the light came
from distant New Jersey across the Hudson River. The area was plagued with
crime; it was not a suitable place for children to play.

Because of the dangers outside, the children living in the building were not
allowed to roam down to 12th Avenue. We could only go upstairs or downstairs.
The building was our neighborhood.

I thought of it as a vertical suburb, like the ones I saw on the Disney Channel,
rumbling with the running footsteps of children, laughter and music coming from
birthdays or holiday celebrations.

The hallways were our lawns. We played there with our Pokémon cards or our
Gameboys, whatever the craze was that year.

The fire escapes were our backyards. My brother, my sister and I would sit on
ours and stare south toward the tip of Riverside Church and Grant's Tomb,
listening to the top 10 on Z100.

Everyone knew everyone in the building.

TJ lived on the first floor near the entrance. His mother, Mrs. Walker, could
see us running inside in our school uniforms. Evelyn and her four children lived
on the second floor. Across from Evelyn was Nelly. Nelly had two large dogs and
her door was almost always propped open during the warmer months of the year.

Luisa Henriquez and her two daughters lived on the third floor. Her eldest,
Melonie, taught me about the Backstreet Boys, *NSync and Selena. Belkis also
lived on the third floor with her three daughters, Jessica, Erika and Priscilla.
Most of us girls got along. Most of the time.

Mousey, a man who seemed to be in his 40s, lived on the fourth floor. He ran
errands late at night for the mothers in the building, for tips. He lived with
his wife, Ruth. The lights in their apartment were always dim. His nasal voice
was like a side effect of his hand movements. He would stand at the doorway of
our apartment, talking to my mother after delivering milk, eggs or plantains,
but all I could see were his hands. He would thank her for the tip and give a
long explanation of anything that was going on in his life. To the children he
was the overseer, the constant guardian. If you didn't see him, he saw you,
seconds away from danger, just in time to grab you out of the shadows of the
then-abandoned building across the street.

I lived on the fifth floor with my parents, younger brother and older sister. At
one point, my two uncles, two grandparents and three aunts joined us in the
apartment -- 12 people in all. Bunk beds filled the bedrooms, and in the living
room there were two sofa beds to accommodate my uncles. Despite the lack of
space, the crowded environment was very loving. My siblings and I became very
close to our aunts and uncles.

Our next-door neighbors were Richard and his little brothers Jonathan and Alex,
along with his two older siblings, whom we barely saw because they were too old
to hang with ''the little kids.'' Richard, Jonathan and Alex were my brother's
friends, but I always tagged along on their adventures, to my brother's dismay.
My mother liked us to stay together, but my brother could have done without my
company.

Once, inspired by some movie we saw on the Disney Channel, Richard, Jonathan,
Alex, my brother and I set out to build a clubhouse. We decided the best place
to build it was on top of an extension of the doll factory next door. At the
time, city workers were repairing the plumbing in our building, so there were
planks of wood and spare parts everywhere. We gathered some of the wood, took
various tools from our fathers, went down the fire escapes and jumped over to
the extension, which was three stories high and fairly close to our building. We
began hammering. Soon, something began to hammer back -- there were people
inside the extension, working for the factory. Then our neighbors saw us from
their windows and called our parents. Our caper was over.

For birthday parties, all the families could be seen or heard going up and down
the steps. Throughout the building you could see the girls sporting their best
blow outs or twists with curls and brand-new outfits for the occasion, while the
boys sneakily plotted their next prank. The building celebrated together.

For funerals, we mourned together. When Yesenia's mother, Nena, died in her
apartment, all of the mothers cried. A wreath of flowers was placed on the
first-floor fire escape in her memory, and everyone grieved together. For once,
the building was silent.

During Christmas, the building was at its loudest. The children played with
their toys together, showing them off to one another, unaware that our parents
usually traveled downtown together to buy our gifts.

As sweet as the memories were, the building itself was in dire need of
renovation. Our walls were uneven and always in need of being painted, which the
Housing Preservation Department did occasionally. There was always a leak or
some other repair that needed to be done. Now the city won't have to.

The building is no longer a village; only 19 of the 30 apartments are inhabited.
The remaining tenants will be relocated 16 blocks north, to a building newly
constructed by Columbia. Ms. Henriquez, one of the longtime tenants, said a
lawyer representing them has said that the relocation should happen by December,
and that they will all move on the same day.

After my family moved to the Bronx in 2003, I rarely went back to the building;
most of my childhood friends have also moved away. When I visited recently, Ms.
Calderini said she ''could not have grown up in a better place.''

Whenever I ride the No. 1 train and glimpse my old neighborhood as the train
runs above ground between 125th and 137th Streets, I remember my childhood. We
didn't have cellphones, and there was no Facebook, Instagram or Twitter. We
showed off our new outfits, hairdos or cool JanSport backpacks on the walk to
school in the morning. We spent our summers getting sprayed by the open fire
hydrant in front of our building, celebrating birthdays on the stoop, watching
sunsets on our fire escapes and thunderstorms rolling over the Hudson from our
windows.

I imagine myself on the train, seeing busy Columbia students (I was one) walking
between the shiny new campus buildings, unaware of that past. And then the
train, as it always does, carries me back underground.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/08/02/nyregion/a-harlem-tenement-was-her-neighborhoo
d.html

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: The six-story building at 602 West 132nd Street in Harlem is to
be razed by Columbia University. (MB1)
Clockwise from top left: The author, center-left in an orange dress, dancing at
a party in the building in the early 1990s
the buzzer box of a building in disrepair
 Melonie Espinal, left, and Michelle Simono, daughters of Luisa Henriquez,
leaving the building to attend a wedding in 1996. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY ÁNGEL
FRANCO/THE NEW YORK TIMES) (MB4)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                             472 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                        April 30, 1999 Friday 2D EDITION

Black Hawk's use of funds scrutinized

BYLINE: By George Lane, Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A-01

LENGTH: 969 words


No laws have been broken, but elected officials in the gambling town of Black
Hawk have spent nearly a million dollars of historic-preservation money on their
own homes, according to the Colorado Bureau of Investigation.

The results of a CBI investigation were made public this week during a state
Senate committee hearing on SB 232, legislation that would change how
historic-restoration and -preservation money is awarded.

A slide show presented during the Senate Finance Committee meeting showed
"before" and "after" photographs of the homes of some of Black Hawk's elected
officials. Some of those homes were dramatically increased in size with the
historic-preservation dollars.

Specifically, the CBI found that five out of six aldermen and the mayor spent
more than $ 907,000 refurbishing their homes with the historic-preservation
money from 1994 to 1997.

Black Hawk City Manager Lynnett Hailey didn't attend the meeting at the state
Capitol Tuesday - nor did any other city government officials - and she said she
wasn't prepared to respond to the CBI's allegations.

"I really can't comment on it, because I've heard just bits and pieces," Hailey
said. "I'm not sure what Agent (Bob) Brown's allegations are. I do know he
didn't find any criminal activity.

"I guess my question is, if there is no criminal activity, why is he going
before the Legislature?"

At issue are gambling-tax dollars that are paid to the state by the casinos in
Black Hawk, Central City and Cripple Creek. A percentage of the tax is returned
to the towns for historic preservation and other projects.

The town of Black Hawk formed the Black Hawk Historic Architectural Review
Commission to determine how the money should be spent.

A spread sheet from the review commission that Hailey provided to The Denver
Post shows that from 1994 to March 31 of this year, more than $ 2.73 million of
this historic-preservation money was spent on Black Hawk homes.

Of that amount, $ 540,804 was spent on the homes of five Black Hawk aldermen and
the mayor, according to the spread sheet.

CBI officials declined Thursday to discuss the difference between the $ 907,000
figure given to the legislative committee and the $ 540,804 on the spread sheet
provided by the town.

"No criminal activity was found" is all CBI Director Carl Whiteside would say.
The amounts spent

Among the $ 2.73 million spent on 46 Black Hawk homes since 1994, $ 131,236 was
spent on the home of Alderman George Ambright at 111 Hillside; $ 89,462 on
Alderman Donald Doles' home at 111 Merchant St.; $ 115,276 on Evening Star LLC
at 110 Merchant St., which is owned by Alderman Dave Spellman; $ 120,386 on
Spellman's home at 100 Merchant St.; $ 35,342 on Alderman Tom Kerr's home at 401
Silver Creek; $ 24,956 on Alderman Al Price's home at 261 High St.; and $ 24,126
on Mayor Kathryn Eccker's home at 185 Clear Creek.

Alderman Hal Midcap did not receive a grant, according to town documents.

Black Hawk has standards for these awards, and each of the city officials met
those standards, Hailey said, as did everyone else who received money.

Larry Lorentzen, Central City's director of community development, said that
since 1994, Central City, a mile up the mountain from Black Hawk, has awarded
about $ 1.2 million in historic-preservation dollars to 128 residents. Up to $
15,000

Included in the list of 128 Central City residents were 13 of the 15 people who
have served on the city council during that period. The Central City grants to
elected officials totaled $ 102,489. The grants ranged from the $ 1,500 to fix
up the home of former council member Claude Paul to the $ 15,000 grants for the
homes of former council member Kim Cunningham and recently elected Alderman
Marvin Skagerberg.    The Central City list also includes a $ 4,080 grant for
the home of Mayor Don Mattivi, as well as grants of varying amounts for the
homes of former council members Betty Mahaffey, Brent Combs and Gary
Kragenbrink. The latter three council members were recalled last fall.

Kip Petersen, city manager of Cripple Creek, said his town's
historic-preservation program is only about 2 1/2 years old and has awarded only
about $ 400,000.

No elected officials have received any money, but two current members of city
council have filed grant applications, he said.

Sen. Norma Anderson, R-Lakewood, who sponsored the bill, proposed changes to add
controls and narrow uses of the preservation grant money.

"It's being spent any way they see fit," Anderson said.

Although much of the floor and committee debate on the bill didn't mention Black
Hawk specifically, Anderson acknowledged that "everybody says Black Hawk is
getting too much money."

Black Hawk has the largest casinos in the state and collects about 60 percent of
the gambling revenues. However, the small Gilpin County town has only about 150
residents.

Central City has more than 350 residents and a dwindling number of casinos.
Cripple Creek is the largest of the state's casino towns, with about 1,200
residents. Most of its casinos are on solid footing.

"There is a major problem up there," Sen. Ken Chlouber, R-Leadville, said of
Black Hawk. "There is a question that they're spending it illegally. Is it going
to historical preservation, or into someone's pocket?"

"There's a lot of money flowing into Black Hawk, where there aren't a lot of
buildings," said Ed Perlmutter, D-Wheat Ridge. The situation, he said, "lends
itself to corruption."

"There is no abuse going on," he said. "There's not that much to restore. You
can only restore the homes and garages so much."    The bill passed on second
reading before the Senate late Thursday. It now must be approved by the House
before any changes are made.

Denver Post staff writer Mike Soraghan contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1999 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             473 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            September 5, 2014 Friday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

HOUSING WORKS $22M grant to fix up affordable apartments

BYLINE: BY DENIS SLATTERY NEW YORK DAILY NEWS

SECTION: BRONX BORO NEWS; Pg. 36

LENGTH: 315 words


LONG-NEEDED repairs are in store for more than 100 affordable apartments in the
Bronx.

The city announced a $22.8 million deal Wednesday to fix up three buildings in
the borough through a partnership between Enterprise Community Investment, Inc.
and several city agencies.

"These are the kind of affordable units we need to invest in to assist our
moderate income New Yorkers," Fordham Bedford Housing Corporation Executive
Director John Reilly said.

"The substantial renovations now underway allow these units to provide sound
housing for many years to come," he added.

Renovations on the 106 apartments, which began in July, include energy-saving
technology, new bathrooms, kitchens and appliances.

Two of the three buildings will also receive new plumbing, electrical systems
and new windows, officials said.

Work is expected to be completed in 2016.

The three buildings, located in the Fordham and Kingsbridge areas, are known as
the Mount Sharon HDFC. Most of the apartments are already rented out to
households earning at or below 60% of the area median income, which is $50,340
for a family of four, according to the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban
Development's 2014 calculations.

The city Department of Housing Preservation and Development, the Housing
Development Corporation and the Fordham Bedford Housing Corporation will assist
Enterprise with the rehabs.

Officials say the project will help Mayor de Blasio reach his 10-year housing
plan, which calls for the creation and preservation of 200,000 units of
affordable housing citywide.

"The families residing here will be able to have their homes renovated and
brought up to date without having to worry about rent increases they cannot
afford," Housing Development Corporation President Gary Rodney said.

"That's why it is important to preserve the housing that we have and to build
new housing where we can."

dslattery@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 2085 Walton Ave. will benefit $22.8 m boost.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Daily News, L.P.


                             474 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            November 9, 2004 Tuesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

STOMP SLUMLORDS LIKE ROACHES

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 38

LENGTH: 739 words


Sunday's Daily News introduced readers to Morris Piller, a rather unsavory
character who earned the paper's designation as the reigning king of the city's
slumlords. Truth be told, there's no scientific way for determining who merits
such a title, but racking up more than 7,300 code violations on 29 miserable
buildings amply qualified Piller for a shameful place on the front page.

Heaven forbid you become a tenant of Piller's, because your misfortunes are
likely to include vermin, broken windows, defective wiring, gaping holes in
walls and floors. "I've been asking for repairs in the leaks, the broken
plaster, you can see it, for six years and they just look at me," one
70-year-old tenant told reporter William Sherman.

Meanwhile, Piller collects the rent, much of it publicly subsidized, and lives
in a $1.4 million Brooklyn townhouse and a spacious Rockland County home. Which
fits the classic pattern that happens when owners squeeze every dollar out of a
property at the expense of the comfort and safety of tenants. And they get away
with it.

The Department of Housing Preservation and Development knows all about Piller.
Its inspectors and lawyers have investigated complaints, ordered emergency
repairs and taken Piller to Housing Court - and nothing gets better. Far too
many judges go easy on landlords like Piller. (Although they may be less
accommodating, thanks to front-page notoriety.) And the court is overwhelmed.

One solution would be to shift enforcement of violations out of housing court
and into an administrative tribunal similar to those used to adjudicate noise,
building and sanitation violations. That would speed enforcement, forcing
slumlords to make repairs or pay fines, but legislation has died repeatedly in
the state Senate. Too bad legislators don't have landlords like Morris Piller.

Don't go there

The political capital President Bush earned in his reelection sure is burning a
hole in his pocket. Right off the bat, he plans to spend some of it renewing his
misguided effort to amend the U.S. Constitution to ban gay marriage. So much for
reaching out to all the voters.

Conventional wisdom has held that moral issues - read gay marriage - played a
decisive role in Bush's reelection by drawing so-called evangelical voters to
the polls. While some surveys suggest the impact may not have been that
pronounced, Bush political mastermind Karl Rove clearly sees advantage in the
issue. Over the weekend, he said the President "absolutely" wants to press for
an amendment.

With Rove's statements, gay marriage vaulted to the top of the Bush agenda,
drawing more attention than the President's plans for yet-to-be-detailed tax,
Social Security and education legislation. The issue doesn't deserve such
prominence. In fact, it's best forgotten.

The question of whether gays can marry should be decided by the states, not by
D.C. lawmakers tinkering with America's founding document. On Election Day, 11
states enacted bans. Others may follow suit, while others someday may decide to
approve same-sex marriages or their rough legal equivalent, civil unions. The
country certainly seems more open to the concepts. In fact, according to
national exit polls, 62% of those queried favored civil unions or gay marriage.

Congress, it is hoped, will be no more receptive to Bush's effort than it was
earlier this year, when his proposed amendment was defeated in the House and
Senate. Even staunch Bush Republicans shied away from bringing the Constitution
to bear on personal relationships. They were right. That's not what the document
is about.

Start packing, Guy

The new members of the Local Conditional Release Commission took one look at how
their predecessors released former state Sen. Guy Velella from Rikers Island and
decided right quick that the panel had violated more than a few statutes in
springing the pol.

The commission gave Velella until next Tuesday to reapply for release, offering
him the opportunity to explain why a bribe-taking official deserves to be cut
loose after just three months of a year's sentence. Last time around, Velella
wept (literally) that going to jail was just too tough on him. He now has three
choices: Come up with another howler explaining why he's above being treated
like any common criminal. Clam up while his lawyers march into court claiming
that he's getting railroaded. Or, best, reclaim what's left of his reputation by
taking his punishment like a standup Guy.

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Daily News, L.P.


                             475 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           October 12, 2006 Thursday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

CITY HIT OVER TAX-BREAK REFORM

BYLINE: BY GREG WILSON DAILY NEWS CITY HALL BUREAU

SECTION: SUBURBAN; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 401 words


CRITICS YESTERDAY panned the Bloomberg administration's proposal to reform a
program that grants generous tax breaks to housing developers, saying the
changes don't go nearly far enough.

The plan represents the first major changes in years to the 35-year-old 421-a
program, which initially sought to jumpstart housing development with tax
abatements but has been derided as a $400 million-per-year giveaway to
developers in a hot housing market.

The new plan would expand the two zones in which builders must create affordable
housing to get the tax breaks. It would also close a loophole that allowed the
developers to meet their affordable quota off-site.

But Julie Miles, executive director of Housing Here & Now, a citywide coalition
of affordable-housing organizations, said the changes proposed by the city
"simply tweak" the program.

"Unless the program is more thoroughly reformed, the city will continue to give
away millions of dollars to subsidize the development of luxury housing and the
gentrification of many neighborhoods," Miles said.

City Housing Preservation and Development Commissioner Shaun Donovan unveiled
the steps his agency recommended after a 26-member panel of experts and
advocates examined the issue for several months. He said the key was to keep
incentives for developing housing, both market-rate and affordable, while
cutting what critics call giveaways.

"We are looking to harness the strengths of the market here, but we don't want
to shackle it," Donovan said.

The recommendations were promptly endorsed by Mayor Bloomberg.

"I think these innovative recommendations strike the right balance to maintain a
strong housing market while also providing funding for our aggressive plan to
create affordable housing for 500,000 New Yorkers," the mayor said.

Chief among the recommendations is expanding the exclusionary zones - where
developers get no benefit unless they build affordable housing - beyond
Manhattan from 14th St. to 96th St. and the Greenpoint-Williamsburg waterfront
in Brooklyn, to include parts of Harlem, lower Manhattan, DUMBO, Brooklyn
Heights and portions of the Brooklyn/Queens waterfront.

The City Council plans to take up the recommendations this fall, and whatever
reforms it offers via legislation would then need to pass muster with the state
Legislature.

Barring action, the state law enabling the program will expire on Dec. 31, 2007.
gwilson@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Daily News, L.P.


                             476 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           October 12, 2006 Thursday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

A DEVELOPING STORM OVER TAX-BREAK PLAN

BYLINE: BY GREG WILSON DAILY NEWS CITY HALL BUREAU

SECTION: SUBURBAN; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 383 words


CRITICS YESTERDAY panned the Bloomberg administration's proposal to reform a
program that grants generous tax breaks to housing developers, saying the
changes don't go nearly far enough.

The plan represents the first major changes in years to the 35-year-old 421-a
program, which initially sought to jumpstart housing development with tax
abatements but has been derided as a $400 million-per-year giveaway to
developers in a hot housing market.

The new plan would expand the two zones in which builders must create affordable
housing to get the tax breaks. It would also close a loophole that allowed the
developers to meet their affordable quota off-site.

But Julie Miles, executive director of Housing Here & Now, a citywide coalition
of affordable-housing organizations, said the changes proposed by the city
"simply tweak" the program. "Unless the program is more thoroughly reformed, the
city will continue to give away millions of dollars to subsidize the development
of luxury housing and the gentrification of many neighborhoods," Miles said.

City Housing Preservation and Development Commissioner Shaun Donovan unveiled
the steps his agency recommended after a 26-member panel of experts and
advocates examined the issue for several months. He said the key was to keep
incentives for developing housing, both market-rate and affordable, while
cutting what critics call giveaways.

The recommendations were promptly endorsed by Mayor Bloomberg.

"I think these innovative recommendations strike the right balance to maintain a
strong housing market while also providing funding for our aggressive plan to
create affordable housing for 500,000 New Yorkers," the mayor said.

Chief among the recommendations is expanding the exclusionary zones - where
developers get no benefit unless they build affordable housing - beyond
Manhattan from 14th St. to 96th St. and the Greenpoint-Williamsburg waterfront
in Brooklyn, to include parts of Harlem, lower Manhattan, DUMBO, Brooklyn
Heights and portions of the Brooklyn/Queens waterfront.

The City Council plans to take up the recommendations this fall, and whatever
reforms it offers via legislation would then need to pass muster with the state
Legislature.

Barring action, the state law enabling the program will expire on Dec. 31, 2007.
gwilson@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Daily News, L.P.


                             477 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           October 14, 2004 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Group to Invest $5 Million In Low-Cost City Housing

BYLINE: By DAVID W. CHEN

SECTION: Section B; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 772 words


Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg is expected to announce today that the Enterprise
Foundation, a nonprofit organization based in Maryland, will make a $5 million
investment in low-income housing in New York, part of a plan that the city hopes
will eventually generate as much as $1 billion for such housing.

If realized, the full investment would help create 10,000 housing units and
rehabilitate 5,000 more, with several thousand units set aside for elderly
people. The total would include 2,500 units of supportive housing -- housing
with intensive social services -- which was earlier announced by the mayor as
part of an ambitious plan to overhaul the system for the homeless.

For Mr. Bloomberg, the total of 15,000 units would constitute a sizable chunk of
the 65,000 units of housing that he promised to build or rehabilitate within
five years. That pledge, made in December 2002, represents the most ambitious
housing plan the city has tackled since the Koch administration.

For Enterprise, a national anti-poverty group that helps low-income families
with housing, employment and other services, the pledge represents a major
commitment to a city in which it has always been active. In the last 15 years,
Enterprise's investments have produced $1 billion to construct or refurbish
15,000 units in New York.

''What we are doing over the next five years is what we did in the last 15,''
said Vicky Hernandez, a spokeswoman for Enterprise. ''It's a very intensive
level based on what the demand really is. It is also largely because two years
ago the mayor charged the housing industry to step up to the plate and meet this
demand.''

As word about the pledge reached housing groups around the city in recent days,
many developers, former housing officials and nonprofit groups said that they
were thrilled. They also said that Mr. Bloomberg's official announcement, to be
made during a luncheon speech at an Enterprise conference in Midtown Manhattan,
would inspire other private groups to follow suit.

But these same industry officials, who spoke on the condition of anonymity
because they do business with the city, wondered whether the city was leaning
too heavily on one organization, even one with a good reputation like
Enterprise. Several officials said it might be more financially advantageous to
open up the process to competitive bidding.

Industry officials also noted that Rafael E. Cestero, who became deputy
commissioner of development for the City Department of Housing Preservation and
Development in August, had previously been director of Enterprise's New York
office.

According to city and Enterprise officials, Enterprise plans to offer $5 million
in grants to nonprofit organizations for training and technical assistance.
Under the city's plan, another $295 million would come from low-interest loans,
presumably borrowed by Enterprise from banks, foundations and pension funds, and
then lent to nonprofit developers.

The biggest chunk of the city's plan, $700 million, would come from corporations
and private investors seeking to take advantage of the federal low-income
housing tax credit, which has helped finance virtually all of the rental units
for low-income residents in the United States in the last two decades.

Each year, every state receives tax credits from the federal government to
stimulate housing construction. The state allocates the credits to specific
projects proposed by competing developers. Those developers, who work with
community groups, then sell the credits to companies and investors, whose cash
they use to start the projects, through intermediaries called syndicators.
Enterprise is one such syndicator.

In interviews in recent days, some housing professionals said that they had
questions about the finances and accounting underlying the proposal. In
particular, some said that the mayor's housing plan was already counting on
using some of those tax credits for housing.

''Some of the $1 billion is new money and some is money the city already had
access to,'' said Doug Turetsky, a spokesman for the city's Independent Budget
Office.

When asked for more details, city and Enterprise officials said that they would
elaborate after Mr. Bloomberg's speech.

Still, many housing professionals also said that any vagueness over the details
should not detract from a private organization's investing in urban housing,
rather than pulling out.

''Anytime anybody steps up, especially from the private sector, with any kind of
serious commitment like this, it's a good thing,'' said Joseph Weisbord, staff
director of Housing First!, a coalition of civic, business and labor groups.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                             478 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                          December 11, 2002, Wednesday

MIKE PLAYS MR. FIX-IT ON HOUSING Proposes $3B plan to add 65,000 apts.

BYLINE: By LISA L. COLANGELO DAILY NEWS CITY HALL BUREAU

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 410 words

Mayor Bloomberg unveiled a $3 billion affordable housing plan yesterday that
would create or fix up 65,000 apartments over the next five years.

The ambitious plan - the city's first major affordable housing push since the
Koch administration - seeks to spark development in underutilized manufacturing
areas.

It calls for a massive rezoning of industrial areas - in West Harlem, Jamaica
and Long Island City in Queens, Hunts Point and Morrisania in the Bronx, and
Park Slope, Greenpoint and Williamsburg in Brooklyn - to allow residential
development.

Of the 65,000 units, about 27,000 would be new and 38,000 would be
rehabilitated. Sixty percent would go to low-income New Yorkers, and 40% would
go to people with moderate incomes.

Most of the units would be rentals, with the rent determined by a household's
income. A portion of the units will be available for purchase.

The earliest any of these apartments would be available is mid-2004, city
officials said. Housing crunch The goal "of this strategy is to make creative
use of all the tools at our disposal, in the neighborhoods where they will have
the most impact, to jump-start and complement private-sector investment,"
Bloomberg said after presenting the plan to the New York Housing Conference
yesterday.

"Keeping housing affordable, like improving public schools, is vital to
attracting and keeping talented and productive people in New York," he said.

The city's fiscal crisis has left it without an excess of capital dollars to
fund the plan.

It will rely on $500 million that will be raised by borrowing against assets of
the city's Housing Development Corp. Another $555 million will be obtained by
redirecting Housing Preservation and Development funds.

The rest will come from capital and expense funds that will be available over
the next five years.

"We just don't have the resources that you'd like to have but the need continues
to grow and it's a need that you have to start satisfying now if you're going to
have a future," Bloomberg said. "You can't wait for the economy to come back and
then go build."

Deputy Mayor Dan Doctoroff said the city will assist developers who want to
build on "brownfields" - former industrial sites - by providing grants to help
clean them up.

Joe Weisbord, of Housing First, said he was encouraged by the plan.

"The mayor affirmed the importance of public investment," he said. "We have an
enormous housing crisis here."

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2002 Daily News, L.P.


                             479 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                              July 2, 2007 Monday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

SAVING FOR THE FAMILY'S HOME. NEW DAD: MY BABY 'WON'T HAVE TO WORRY'

BYLINE: BY LORE CROGHAN DAILY NEWS BUSINESS WRITER

SECTION: YOUR MONEY; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 547 words


When Charles Cai came to America from China nine years ago, he hoped years of
sacrifice would one day pay off for him and his family.

Cai and his mother, who came with him, initially settled in Brooklyn, living in
a series of small apartments while Cai went to school and worked part time to
save money.

Their last place was a one-bedroom with wiring so old they couldn't use an air
conditioner or a plug-in heater.

But Cai, now 30 and a U.S. citizen, said, "My mom and me, we had a plan."

With manageable rent, careful budgeting and a $47,000-a-year job as a
Metro-North signalman, Cai had savings of $50,000 and a strong credit score of
745 out of 850, making him eligible for the lowest mortgage rates. Financially,
he was ready to start looking.

But Cai felt a new urgency last year after he married Hui Liu, a woman from his
hometown of Fuzhou, the capital of Fujian province in southeast China.

After Liu, 29, got pregnant, the couple signed up for a homebuyer-prep course at
Asian Americans for Equality. The nonprofit offers classes and counseling
through a subsidiary, the AAFE Community Development Fund.

The couple set $250,000 as their target price. They got a $13,500 grant for
first-time homebuyers from the city Department of Housing Preservation and
Development. A Federal Home Loan Bank savings program matched each dollar Cai
saved for a home 3-to-1.

They pored through listings in Chinese newspapers and magazines. Although
Brooklyn was their first choice, they also looked in Queens. Flushing was
crowded and expensive, Cai thought. Bayside was nice, "but everywhere you go,
you must take the bus or drive," he said.

They loved one place in Sheepshead Bay, but ruled it out because the commute for
Cai - newly promoted to a Metro-North electronic technician based in White
Plains - would have been brutal.

Then they saw an ad for a two-bedroom co-op on 65th St. in Bensonhurst for
$249,000.

Listing agent Betty Yee of New Life Realty took them to see the apartment; it
was about 800 square feet, which would be tight but would work for them, and Liu
liked the nicely kept lobby.

"It was very clean," she said. It was also near a subway stop.

The couple negotiated the price to $225,000. The sellers, a retired couple
moving to Hong Kong, gave Cai and Liu their air conditioner and a TV. But the
really big gift came from Liu's mother - $50,000 for the down payment. Cai added
another $50,000.

With a 30-year, fixed-rate loan at 6% from North Fork Bank, the couple's
combined mortgage and maintenance payments are $1,300 a month.

The family, including Cai's mom, Jin Xin Liang, moved in right after the April
closing. His wife stays home and looks after their 6-month-old daughter, Joy.

Cai is thrilled Joy will grow up in a house her family owns.

"I moved so many times," he said. "My baby will have a different life from mine.
She won't have to worry."

lcroghan@nydailynews.com

Homebuying

help

Asian Americans for Equality, a nonprofit launched in 1974, offers services like
small business assistance, preparation for citizenship and help with immigration
issues.

Homebuyer counseling in Chinese, Korean and English is offered by the group's
Community Development Fund.

n133-04 39th Ave., Flushing, Queens; (718) 961-0888

n111 Division St., Manhattan; (212) 964-2288

nOnline: aafecdf.org

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Hui, Charles Cai and daughter Joy in Bensonhurst co-op. Photo by Nancy
Siegel

DOCUMENT-TYPE: SIDEBAR

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Daily News, L.P.


                             480 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 25, 1986, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

What $70,000 Buys for the Homeless

SECTION: Section A; Page 30, Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 532 words


The story provokes instant outrage: How can New York City pay $70,000 a year for
a family's emergency housing on the open floor of a vast armory in the Bronx?
Why not just give the families the money and let them buy condos?

City officials protest that the $70,000 figure, while technically accurate, is
misleading. Emergency housing and other short-term care are expensive. Even so,
decent services now appear feasible for far less, given a bit of time and
willingness to pursue more imaginative strategies.

The family shelters that cost so much, city officials say, are ''emergency
reception centers'' where homeless families get three meals a day, medical care,
social services and help in finding other places to live. The average stay is
three weeks. Over the course of a year, as many as 15 families may use space and
services that cost $70,000.

But isn't $70,000 still a lot? Managers of the shelters explain they must
provide much more than housing - meals, supplies like paper diapers, security
and counseling. Delivering all that on a crash basis costs plenty.

Critics contend that all the staff and services in the world cannot justify such
expense for barracks-like accommodations that don't even offer so basic a
necessity as privacy. The notorious Holland Hotel charges less than half as much
for rooms on an annual basis, yet it was recently rapped by city investigators
for gouging a 50 percent profit.

Audits ordered by Mayor Koch may resolve these differences, but even so, there's
a deeper question: Are such shelters and such hotels the only approach to
emergency housing? Yes, the city has been saying for several years, because
emergency services are supported by Federal grants originally authorized to help
victims of disasters like earthquakes or fires. Washington pays half the cost of
short-term ''transitional'' accommodations, while city and state share the rest.
That cost can total $1,500 or more a month for a family of four - five times the
welfare allowance for permanent rental.

But is that the only way to tap that Federal money? Must New York rely on costly
shelters and extortionate hotels for the years it will take to build enough
low-income housing? Not necessarily. In Brooklyn recently, a nonprofit group
persuaded a bank to finance renovation of a building as a temporary shelter for
nine homeless mothers and their children. The emergency grants will cover debt
service and operating costs.

Another answer is the Help project, conceived by Leonard Stern, a businessman,
and organized by Andrew Cuomo. It would make use of the Federal funds to help
build a 200-unit shelter. And the city's Department of Housing Preservation and
Development recently accepted proposals for renovating 482 units that it would
lease and pay for with emergency grants. If the families stay for limited
periods, such projects conform to the Federal rules and are unlikely to cost
more than $18,000 a year per family, even with furnishings and adequate social
services.

The homeless emergency will remain an emergency for years. Initiatives like
these suggest how much might be saved by recognizing that the need for temporary
help is more than temporary.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             481 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           December 21, 2003, Sunday

Illegal housing peril Fire heats up conversions controversy

BYLINE: BY DONALD BERTRAND DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SUBURBAN; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 472 words


Last Sunday's fire in Astoria that claimed the lives of a mother and her two
children is focusing attention on illegal conversions in the borough.

Rebecca Harden, 37, and her children - Audrey, 10, and Sander, 6 - lived in a
duplex apartment at 19-18 21st Road that was not legal because it contained
illegal attic space, according to the Buildings Department.

The house also contained two illegal apartments in the basement.

"This latest incident has strengthened our resolve to keep on this continuing
problem of illegal conversions," said Dan Andrews, spokesman for Borough
President Helen Marshall.

"It is very hard to get a handle on. It is not something that people always
report."

In the first nine months of this year, the Buildings Department received 6,695
complaints of illegal conversions in Queens, out of a total of 9,924 complaints
citywide, said Ilyse Fink, a Buildings Department spokeswoman.

The complaints resulted in 2,307 violations in Queens and 3,049 citywide, Fink
said.

A borough task force that formed in the aftermath of a 1997 fire, which killed
four people and hurt 16 others who lived in an illegal Maspeth boardinghouse,
continues to meet regularly, said Andrews.

Its most recent meeting was this month.

"Illegal housing continues to be a boroughwide problem, and a big part of the
problem is the lack of affordable housing," said the borough spokesman.

In 2002, the borough had the lowest vacancy rate - 1.78% - of all boroughs.

"Queens is the borough with the most significant overcrowding situation, and
it's the borough that had the largest population growth," Kimberly Hardy, deputy
commissioner for the city Department of Housing Preservation and Development,
told a borough meeting last month.

The city is looking to create 65,000 housing units over five years, with an
emphasis on Queens, Hardy said.

The city plan includes an investment of $25 million in a down payment assistance
program that would help 2,500 first-time homebuyers.

Other programs would offer low-interest loans or small grants based upon
eligibility requirements.

At the same time, to spur new housing, the Department of City Planning is
looking to rezone 44 blocks in Long Island City, more than 400 blocks in
downtown Jamaica and areas in Flushing.

In September, 120 blocks on Northern, Junction and Astoria Blvds. in Corona were
rezoned to allow for greater residential use.

A study by the Citizens Housing and Planning Council, a New York City-based
think tank, found that more than 100,000 families are living in what it calls
"New York's Underground Housing" - illegal conversions.

The study found that about 42% of those units are in Queens and account for 73%
of the borough's total housing growth.

Most of the illegal units are additions to older structures, the report found.


LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SUSANA BATES TRAGEDY Firefighters outside illegally converted house at
19-18 21st Road in Astoria where fire took lives of a woman and her two kids.
There were 6,695 complaints of illegal conversions in borough in first nine
months of year, says Buildings Dept.

                        Copyright 2003 Daily News, L.P.


                             482 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 13, 1983, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

'False Premise'

SECTION: Section 8; Page 12, Column 5; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 289 words


To the Editor:

Kalev Pehme's letter in the issue of Oct. 23, contending that a change in status
for a Title I project from rental to cooperative or condominium ownership
constitutes a ''substantial change'' - and thus violated the restrictive
convenant in the deeds of Kips Bay Towers, Coliseum Towers, and Park West
Village - is based on a false premise.

There are numerous examples of housing projects built under Title I as rental
projects that were later changed to cooperative status by the sponsors of these
projects without deed, zoning or building-code modification. Moreover, the
changes affected neither urban-renewal planning nor Federal subsidy.

Two of these projects - Village East Towers, at 10th Street and Avenue C in the
Tompkins Square Urban Renewal Project area, and 1199 Plaza, from 107th to 111th
Street on Franklin D. Roosevelt Drive in the East River Urban Renewal Project
area - were changed from rental to cooperative status long before the conversion
legislation referred to by Mr. Pehme in his letter.

I developed and built Village East Towers. One of my companies, Douglass Urban
Corporation, was the developer of 1199 Plaza. I am certain that the Department
of Housing Preservation and Development can document many cases of similar
''conversions'' that did not require changes in the deed restrictions and were
not considered ''substantial changes.''

MAURICE S. PAPRINManhattan


The writer is president of the Douglass Urban Corporation.





Letters from readers should be addressed to The Real Estate Editor, The New York
Times, 229 West 43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036, and should be accompanied by
the writer's full name, address and telephone number.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             483 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 2, 1988, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

New York Sued Over Rent Program for Elderly Poor

BYLINE: By PETER KERR

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1, Page 37, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 495 words


Thousands of elderly tenants in New York City have been forced to sacrifice
food, clothing and medical services to pay for unnecessary rent increases
because the city has failed to notify them of a program intended to freeze rents
for the elderly poor, a law suit filed by the Legal Aid Society has charged.

The suit contends that the program, known as the Senior Citizen Rent Increase
Exemption Program, is unknown to thousands of older New Yorkers who live on the
brink of eviction and homelessness because of their low incomes and rising
rents.

The program allows people 62 years old and older with incomes of less than
$12,025 a year to apply for exemptions to rent increases. The program
compensates landlords with tax benefits.

Freeze Dates Disputed

The class action suit filed Thursday in State Supreme Court in Manhattan accuses
the city of doing little to inform eligible New Yorkers that the program exists.
The suit also charges that when the city does grant an exemption under the
program, it freezes a person's rent based on the date he filed an application,
rather than on when he became eligible for an exemption.

As a result, the suit charges, even beneficiaries of the program are paying more
in rent than the law requires.

''Rapidly increasing rents have forced thousands of senior citizens to choose
between paying rent and getting the food, clothing and medical care they need,''
Douglas E. Hoffman, a lawyer for the society, said. ''The city's failure to
inform eligible senior citizens of the existence of the program has resulted in
more than one-half of all eligible senior citizens throughout the city not
receiving their benefits.''

Roz Post, a spokeswoman for the city's Department of Housing Preservation and
Development, which is named as a defendant in the suit, said her agency and
others in the city had made considerable efforts to inform poor New Yorkers of
the program. She said a mobile van distributed literature on the program and the
city had attempted to contact the elderly at centers for them and at
public-assistance offices operated by the Human Resources Administration.

Harlem Woman Is Plaintiff

''Things have been done throughout the years to make people aware this program
is in place,'' Ms. Post said. ''There have been all kinds of things over the
years including subway posters.''

The suit cites as the plaintiff in the case a 70-year-old Harlem resident,
Elizabeth Tindell, who, the society said, pays 78 percent of her Supplemental
Security Income benefits for rent because she did not know of the program. Mrs.
Tindell, the suit said, is partially blind, and suffers from a heart condition
and other medical problems.

The suit does not estimate how many other New Yorkers are in a situation similar
to that of Mrs. Tindell. It asks that the city do more to publicize the program
and that it offer exemptions based on the dates when the elderly become eligible
rather than when they apply.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             484 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                              May 8, 2012 Tuesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

Slow lane for expressway Fate of controversial boro road up in air, as study
pushed back a year

BYLINE: BY DANIEL BEEKMAN NEW YORK DAILY NEWS

SECTION: SUBURBAN; Pg. 33

LENGTH: 432 words


BRONX activists who want to tear down the Sheridan Expressway to make way for
parks and housing will have to wait an additional year before the Bloomberg
administration weighs in.

The city launched a multiagency review of the mile-long spur and surrounding
Bronx neighborhoods in late 2010 after the state Department of Transportation
said closing the Sheridan would push traffic onto local roads.

Back then, the administration said it hoped to issue draft results in late 2011
and complete the study by early 2012.

But the time line for the review was recently pushed back. Now the
administration plans to issue draft results and finish the study in early 2013.

Funded with a grant from the federal government, the $1.5 million review has
already yielded a significant amount of data.

Some preliminary findings were presented April 19 to a working group that
includes community nonprofits, elected officials and businesses, but the city is
keeping the raw data under wraps.

The administration needs more time to analyze the numbers, said Rachaele
Raynoff, spokeswoman for the Department of City Planning.

The city Department of Transportation, Economic Development Corp. and Department
of Housing Preservation and Development are also involved.

Kellie Terry-Sepulveda, executive director of The Point CDC, a Bronx nonprofit,
said the delay will be worthwhile if the study reflects what local people want.

But she noted time is running out for the Bloomberg administration, with a new
mayor and staff set to take office in 2014.

"We have to keep the process transparent," Terry-Sepulveda said.

"We don't want the Sheridan to get lost in the shuffle."

Commissioned by Robert Moses, the Sheridan runs along the Bronx River and
connects the Cross Bronx Expressway to the Bruckner Expressway near Hunts Point.

The three roads form a "toxic triangle" of exhaust fumes, according to activists
who claim the Bronx needs more green space and affordable housing.

But trucks headed to and from the sprawling Hunts Point food distribution center
rely on the Sheridan, claim some business owners.

In fact, the fate of the road could become key as the Hunts Point produce market
negotiates a new lease with the city.

The cooperative that runs the sprawling market has threatened to move to New
Jersey.

The state DOT began to review the Sheridan-Bruckner interchange more than a
decade ago and its study is ongoing.

The state is focusing on traffic issues only, while the city is also looking at
housing and access to the Bronx River waterfront.

The Sheridan could be removed, adapted or left standing.

dbeekman@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Long and winding road for future of Sheridan Expressway. While borough
activists want thoroughfare torn up to make space for housing and parks, biz
owners say street is important conduit. Photo by Sam Costanza

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Daily News, L.P.


                             485 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            October 25, 2002, Friday

45 HOMES UNVEILED IN OCEAN HILL

BYLINE: By BILL FARRELL DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SUBURBAN; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 412 words

A once desolate block has been brought back to life as the doors to 45 new
two-family homes were opened in Ocean Hill yesterday.

Community leaders and housing and elected officials welcomed more than a dozen
prospective homeowners as the new units of the Ocean Hill North development were
dedicated in the name of the late community activist Evelyn Burns.

Located on Prospect Place between Ralph and Howard Aves., the attached homes are
the first of a series of 90 units to be built under a program sponsored by the
New York City Housing Partnership, the city Department of Housing Preservation
and Development and other city and state subsidies.

Each home in the $12 million development features a three-bedroom landlord unit
and a two-bedroom basement rental. The homes were made available to families
with incomes of between $35,000 and $75,000 and sold for $215,000.

"What was once a garbage-strewn lot is now a symbol of revival in Ocean
Hill-Brownsville," said N.Y.C. Housing Partnership President George Armstrong.

"You are doing the right thing by purchasing a home," he told the new
homeowners. "Your investment in real estate is a good one." 'Piece of the rock'
Assemblyman William Boyland (D-Ocean Hill, Brownsville) agreed.

"You will now have your own piece of the rock," said Boyland. "Now you will
change the dynamics of the world by demanding better schools and better
services."

Boyland, whose daughter, Councilwoman Tracy Boyland (D-Ocean Hill, Brownsville),
helped raise city dollars for the project, said each unit was subsidized to the
tune of $95,000.

While many of the new homeowners were on hand for the ceremonies, they won't be
able to move in until next month at the earliest. Itching to move in "We are
still waiting for the Certificates of Occupancy," said Stuart Suna of
Suna/Levine Industries, developer of the project.

New homeowners, like Richie and Janet Clarke, can hardly wait to move in with
their three children, who range in age from 5 months to 5 years.

"I'm hoping we'll be in by Thanksgiving," said Janet Clarke, 33. "That would be
nice."

The couple, who live in East Flatbush, said they're looking forward to moving
into Ocean Hill. "We attend church services here. Now we'll be able to walk to
church," said Richie Clarke.

Janet Clarke said no one is as excited as their 5-year-old son, Jonathan.

"He wants to move tomorrow," she said. "He's going to have a backyard where he
can play."

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: HEIDI SCHUMANN READY TO GO Row of attached homes on Prospect Place have
new owners, including Richie and Janet Clarke.

                        Copyright 2002 Daily News, L.P.


                             486 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                        North Coast Energy Services Inc

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.northcoastenergyservices.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   North Coast Energy Services has been involved with the delivery of low-income
energy assistance and weatherization services continuously since the inception
of such programs in 1977. During this period the agency has developed a high
level of skill, efficiency, and expertise in all aspects of providing these
services and administering the various grants and contracts which fund them.
NCES was incorporated in 1981 as a subsidiary of the local Community Action
Agency, North Coast Opportunities, and has had an independent corporate
existence since 1983. NCES has, over the years, increased its' service area for
weatherization to seven California counties: Lake, Mendocino, Marin, Napa,
Solano, Sonoma, and Yolo. The agency has provided over 9 million dollars of
LiHEAP and Department of Energy funds for home weatherization and rehabilitation
in the seven county service area. In addition, it has provided utility sponsored
weatherization programs to the service area, adding more than 3.5 million
dollars to energy saving improvements. For the past eight years the agency has
been very proud of its involvement with the Housing Preservation program of
Rural Development, U.S.D.A. (formerly Farmers Home Administration), providing
approximately 1.5 million dollars for major housing rehabilitation to low-income
rural residents. This program not only provides energy reduction measures, but
also provides a work method that prevents further erosion of the local housing
stock. NCES NCES customers

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                             487 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 6, 1981, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

WORK PROJECT FOR EX-ADDICTS LOSES U.S. AID

SECTION: Section 1; Part 2; Page 45, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 749 words


Former drug addicts, ex-offenders and chronically unemployed men have been
painting city courthouses and office buildings in a supported work project that
lost its Federal financing in the recent budget cuts.

Wildcat Service Corporation, the largest and oldest supported work program in
the country, last winter hired 76 unskilled men, most of whom had never held a
job before, to paint city buildings at minimumwage salaries under an agreement
with the city's Department of General Services. The project was financed with an
$810,000 grant under Title 6 of the Comprehensive Employment and Training Act,
which allots money for public service employment.

''The CETA cutbacks are going to be devastating,'' said Carleton Irish, vice
president of Wildcat.  Wildcat's president, Amalia Betanzos, said she would
appeal to the General Services Department to help keep the project alive without
CETA funds, but at a greater cost to the city.

Commissioner Praises Workers

Commissioner James F. Capalino of the department said that his agency might
agree to contract with Wildcat to maintain the project.  ''We were very
satisfied with the job they have done,'' he said. ''It was just superb.'' The
city also likes using Wildcat because its workers cost far less than private
contractors, he added.

The interiors of the city courthouses and many of the city office buildings have
not seen a new coat paint in half a century. ''The condition of the walls was
just very, very bad,'' Mr. Capalino said.

The workers agree. ''Didn't nobody else want to do it,'' said Leroy Dickerson,
foreman of the painting crew working at the Harlem Courthouse on 121st Street,
gesturing toward the peeling walls of the shabby lobby of the 1892 building,
recently declared a historic landmark.

''When the me n first looked at this, they said, Ron this is impossible,'' said
Ronald Mungin, the supervisor of the paint project. ''Th is place hasn't been
painted in 40 years. But I told them just get down and try it, and they finished
one and a half months ahead of time.''

Painted Abandoned Tenements

The men started out painting for the city last winter, working on more than
2,000 unheated hallways and apartments in abandoned tenements for the city's
Housing Preservation and Development Department.

The men completed the tenements six months ahead of schedule, and the General
Services Department, impressed with their speed and the paint job, asked the men
to paint courthouses.

In somewhat better surroundings, a crew of five men is putting the finishing
touches on the old Tweed courthouse at 52 Chambers Street, which now houses the
Mayor's and City Council President's offices.  The entranceway and circular open
area on the ground floor are now a less institutional yellow, a color the men
mixed themselves. ''It looks wonderful,'' Carol Bellamy, City Council president,
said.

Crews are also at work in the halls of the District Attorney's office at 100
Centre Street, and at the municipal building at 346 Broadway.

For many of the men, this is their first time in court under pleasant
circumstances. Mr. Mungin, the supervisor,joined Wildcat in 1974 after five
years in Rikers Island prison and in an upstate facility for a robbery. Juan
Morales, who is in charge of the painting of grand jury offices at 100 Centre
Street is a former offender from Buffalo. He came to the city several years ago
in search of his mother, whom he had never met before. ''I was one of 14 kids,
and I was the only one my mother decide d not to keep,'' he said.

Wildcat's track record is not spotless. In 1978, the city hired Wildcat to
provide a messenger service. After hundreds of undelivered packages were
discovered hidden in the basement of City Hall, Wildcat quickly ended the
project.

Wildcat's president acknowledged that the messenger service was a failure, and
she tries now to limit the jobs to highly supervised work.

''With these guys, half the job is teaching them how to work,'' Mr. Irish said.
''Simple things - like they don't understand that if they keep arriving at work
late, then maybe they should take an earlier train.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             488 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 26, 1986, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

PERSPECTIVES: S.R.O. HOUSING;
Building Rooms for the Homeless

BYLINE: By ALAN S. OSER

SECTION: Section 8; Page 6, Column 1; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 1517 words


FROM the outside, the building at 530 West 178th Street in Washington Heights is
not easily distinguished from its neighbors. They form a string of five-story
walk-ups facing the below-grade approach to the George Washington Bridge across
the street. The hum from bridge traffic is unceasing.

Inside, workmen are completing a gut conversion of the 23-unit building into
permanent single-room-occupancy housing for 55 adults, many of them former
street people or shelter residents from the neighborhood. Occupancy is scheduled
to start by the end of the month.

The very housing that a generation ago might have been considered substandard
because the rooms are so small - and in the case of West 178th Street, lacking
even sinks - is being created for a population in need both of permanent housing
in a congregate setting and the regular attention of social workers.

It is one of the handful of projects that are to use Federal Section 8
moderate-rehabilitation funds for assisting 500 units of permanent housing for
displaced single adults, at a maximum annual subsidy of $4,000 a unit. The
Section 8 authorization is the only currently available ongoing subsidy source
for creating permanent units for the homeless.

Officials are now exploring other mechanisms in their effort to deal with a
different type of homelessness problem, the quest for temporary quarters for
displaced families. No substitute for Section 8 in the creation of permanent
units for singles or families is on the horizon.

The 178th Street project illustrates the high degree of public, private and
nonprofit interaction needed to bring such projects into being. In effect, each
building is a customized product that takes effort and dedication by many people
over a long period of time. It is not likely that such buildings can be produced
successfully in large numbers.

The prime mover on 178th Street was Ellen Baxter, a 31-year-old research
associate for the Community Service Society who has written extensively on
homelessness.

Miss Baxter, who lives in Washington Heights, knows victims of homelessness
firsthand. In 1982, she set out in search of a building to create one of the
facilities she has campaigned for. She was led by the Department of Housing
Preservation and Development to a group of vacant properties in Washington
Heights, and selected one. The agency also recommended Peter Bonachea as a
development partner and builder. He is a builder who has rehabilitated several
Washington Heights properties as family housing under the Section 8 program, Mr.
Bonachea and the Committee for the Heights-Inwood Homeless, of which Miss Baxter
is director, are general partners in the conversion. It is a $1 million
development project, which is producing 55 single rooms, mostly 12 to floor. The
rooms are 10 by 12 feet in size, and have only a clothes closet. There are three
bathrooms - all with showers and two with tubs as well - a kitchen and a common
eating room on each floor.

On the first floor there is a main kitchen and dining room, an office for social
workers and a front desk. In the basement, there is a laundry room and more
office space, as well as a room with five beds to serve as an emergency shelter
for women. The rooms have no sinks, which private single-room-occupancy
buildings usually provide, especially when they are in properties built as
hotels.

In the converted apartment house, however, it would have been too expensive to
install plumbing lines to all the units. Costs had to be kept low enough to
qualify for the Section 8 moderate-rehabilitation subsidy, which will be $3,200
a room per year.

The floors are oak, the baths have ceramic tile and the rooms have castoff
furniture from the Hotel Pierre.

''In effect we were building something old to meet a new need,'' said Conrad
Levenson, the architect. Since the multiple-dwelling and building codes do not
set standards for new buildings with separate sleeping rooms and shared baths
and kitchens, the building is so designed so that each floor is equivalent to an
apartment in a Class A building. Even so, special waivers were needed.

For example, the minimum room size in a Class A building is 150 square feet,
based on the premise that two people could live in it, Mr. Levenson said. Since
only one person will live in the West 178th Street rooms, this was waived to
allow 110-square-foot rooms, 10 by 11 feet.

Fifteen of the rooms will be reserved for individuals with a history of mental
problems. The city Department of Mental Health will provide three full-time
staff people to care for these 15 tenants and to operate the five-bed emergency
shelter. The tenants were described as a mix of elderly, young and disabled
people. Half of them either have or will have jobs, she said.

To make this project feasible, much more than the Section 8 subsidy was needed.
The State Division of Housing and Community Renewal provided a $276,000 grant.
The City Department of Housing Preservation and Development contributed $360,000
through a below-market-rate participation loan. The other lender is the New York
City Community Preservation Corporation, with a $295,000 committment. The
developer put in $100,000 of the proceeds from the sale of tax benefits to
equity investors.

IN addition to normal building management, special services are required. The
operating budget calls for a full-time project director and social worker at the
building, as well as a daytime desk attendant, who may be one of the healthier
tenants. This is estimated to cost an additional $400 a room per year, on top of
the normal operating cost of $650 a room per year, which includes water and
sewer taxes. Without commitments for this level of services, financial
participation from the private sector would not have been obtainable. After the
first year of operations, staffing needs may decline, said Miss Baxter, who will
be the project director.

Mr. Bonachea, who had to forgo part of the developer's normal estimated profit
to make the project feasible, will manage the building.

As complicated as it was to bring this project to life, its true test lies
ahead, in the success of long-term operations. Experienced officials say this
will require quality management, care in tenant selection, and an adequate
budget for ongoing services.

Another facility currently undergoing a Section 8 moderate rehabilitation for
permanent occupancy by single adults is the 201-unit building known as Capitol
Hall, at 166 West 87th Street, once a Class A apartment house and later a
single-room-occupancy hotel. The manager is Johnny Lopez, who is 45 years old.
He has lived in the building for 25 years and worked on its staff for 15. Now
his employer is Grenadier Realty Corporation, which manages the building.

''You must live in the building,'' Mr. Lopez said. ''You have to know people on
a one-to-one basis.''

Capitol Hall is a moderate rehabilitation with tenants in occupancy. Many of the
144 tenants moved in years ago and remained when the previous owner tried to
vacate the property to redevelop it as market-rate housing.

The 87-100 Block Association became involved, first in providing services to the
distressed, elderly occupants of the building, and then in a campaign to buy the
property and save it for single-room occupancy.

Now the building is in the hands of a partnership consisting of a consortium of
nonprofit groups - the block association, Goddard Riverside Neighborhood
Association and the Settlement Housing Fund - and a private developer and
builder, Morris Miller. A $5,000-a-unit rehabilitation is under way. The
partnership raised $2.5 million in private loans and grants to assist the
acquisition and rehabilitation, two state agencies provided grants of $715,000,
and the city joined in a public-private participation loan.

About 10 years ago, according to Mr. Lopez, the building ''almost went out of
control.'' There were muggings, robberies and break-ins. There were tenants
unable to care for themselves. Turnover and better management under new
ownership has improved matters, he said. Forty of the 60 vacant rooms have
already been occupied, with the Settlement Housing Fund screening applicants.
The building has received a new roof, new plumbing and wiring, new flooring and
windows, and new bell and buzzer system.

''We have become in this building just like a family,'' Mr. Lopez said. ''I
think the building has gained respect.'' TO do this type of work in the future
without Section 8 subsidies will require a high degree of inventiveness, said
Carol Lamberg, executive director of the Settlement Housing Fund. She and others
are talking in terms of a need for higher housing payments from the welfare
system, and a combination of grants, 1 percent loans and free or almost free
property from the city.

''If you have no debt on the building, and the welfare rents keep up with the
cost of operation, and you can provide the special services the people need,''
Miss Lamberg said, ''then you at least have a chance of getting well-run housing
for the homeless.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Peter Bonachea (NYT/Alan Zale)

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             489 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            October 17, 2016 Monday

Blas' Slumlord Chums

BYLINE: Editorial

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 295 words


Oops: Efstathios "Steve" Valiotis, No. 3 on Public Advocate Letitia James' list
of the city's worst slumlords, turns out to be a longtime donor to Mayor de
Blasio.

Valiotis' Queens-based Alma Realty gave $5,000 to the mayor's pet nonprofit, the
Campaign for One New York. Other company officials gave $5,525 to de Blasio's
2013 campaign fund.

Funny: De Blasio himself actually started the Worst Landlord Watchlist back in
2010, when he was public advocate.

At the time, the future mayor said, "The city's worst landlords can no longer
hide from responsibility while their buildings fall into dangerous disrepair."

Valiotis certainly has plenty to hide. Alma Realty has racked up a whopping
1,077 open violations with the Department of Housing Preservation and
Development and another 64 with the Buildings Department in eight buildings it
manages around the city.

Of course, we can't know if Valiotis hoped his donations would bring him some
forbearance on all those violations. Maybe he's a real de Blasio fan . . .

But we do know that other donors won favorable treatment from the city. One firm
landed a $3.5 million city grant after donating almost $55,000 to de Blasio's
re-election campaign.

We also know the mayor shrugged off warnings about unsavory characters like
businessman Jona Rechnitz, who hosted a fund-raising party that raised $35,000
for the Campaign for One New York. Now Rechnitz and his partner Jeremy
Reich­­berg are at the center of the NYPD corruption scandals.

De Blasio's various fund-raising vehicles face a host of state and federal
probes. Let's just hope at least some of them finish up well before the
September 2017 mayoral primary.

Voters deserve the facts before deciding whether to return de Blasio to City
Hall.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             490 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 23, 1983, Friday, Late City Final Edition

U.S. GRANTS $15 MILLION FOR HOUSING IN THE CITY

BYLINE: By MATTHEW L. WALD

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 799 words


The largest housing grant in New York City's history, $15 million, was presented
yesterday to a civic organization for 1,100 units of middle-income housing.

The money, from the Federal Department of Housing and Urban Development, went to
the Housing Partnership Development Corporation.

The corporation had already lined up $55 million in private construction loan
commitments from nine banks and $5 million in city money for water and sewer
lines and site improvement.

The units will be primarily one-, two- and three-family homes, in all five
boroughs, built mainly on city-owned land, according to the housing group, a
creation of the New York Partnership.

Work to Begin in April

Construction will begin in April, and officials hope that work on 1,000 units
will have begun by the end of 1984.

David S. Rockefeller, chairman of the New York Partnership, described the
program as ''a very upbeat, promising thing, in probably the most sensitive,
important area in terms of keeping jobs in the city - making the city a balanced
and healthy place in which to live.''

Anthony B. Gliedman, Commissioner of the Department of Housing Preservation and
Development, said: ''People making $20,000 to $35,000 a year who wanted to have
a relatively new house have had to move to the suburbs. What this does is allow
us to expand and really make workable our programs to keep the working class and
the moderate income people in New York.''

Housing officials hope that more money will be obtained later to continue the
program. The Housing Partnership has a goal of 5,000 units in five years.

All the structures must have at least one owner-occupant as a condition of the
grant.

The money from the $15 million Urban Development Action Grant will be
distributed to home buyers as interest-free loans of up to $15,000 a unit. After
15 years, the loans will be forgiven.

If the owner sells his home at a profit within 15 years, part of the loan would
have to be repaid from the profit. In addition, the city's contribution of up to
$10,000 for each owner would also have to be repaid.

'We Want People to Stay'

''The purpose is to keep people from speculating,'' said Steven Brown, director
of program development at the Housing Partnership. ''We hope that there's not
going to be much recapture. We want people to stay.''

Mr. Brown called the interest-free loans a form of ''gap'' financing, using
Government money to pay the difference between the cost of development and the
maximum that the market will bear. On average, each dollar of Federal money will
stimulate $3.07 in private investment, according to the Housing Partnership.

After the subsidy is applied, the units will sell for an average of $55,000.
They will be financed by conventional mortgages, although some buyers may be
eligible for reduced-interest mortgages available through New York State.  A
''typical'' building to be subsidized, as described on the grant application,
will be a 2,290-square-foot two- family house that will cost about $130,000 to
build. It will be reduced to $90,000 by a subsidy of $10,000 from the city in
site-development costs and $15,000 for each unit from the Federal money.

$48,000 Ceiling on Income

To be eligible for the subsidy, the buyer must have an annual family income of
less than $48,000. If some of those who buy are not eligible for the subsidy, it
will be applied to units beyond the 1,100 now planned.

''The $15 million enables the private sector builders to build with some
confidence even though they may not have specific buyers at the moment that they
start building,'' Mr. Rockefeller said.

The Housing Partnership has selected 21 sites where the 1,100 housing units may
be built, but will not apportion the subsidies among the sites until it
determines how strong the market is in each, according to Mr. Brown.

The sites are Central and East Harlem and Manhattan Valley in Manhattan;
Brookfield, Woodhaven, Corona, East Elmhurst and Springfield Gardens in Queens;
Arlington, Mariner's Harbor, Concord and Stapleton in Staten Island; Prospect
Park, Boerum Hill, Coney Island, Fort Greene and Windsor Terrace in Brooklyn,
and Longwood, Soundview, Eastchester, Castle Hill and Morris Park in the Bronx.

Coney Island, Fort Greene, Manhattan Valley and Central Harlem are potential
sites for condominums, Mr. Brown said.

Housing officials noted that the grant was unusual in not specifying the sites
on which the housing was to be built.  The change in policy made it easier to
get commitments from banks, which were assured that if the first units at any
site did not sell well the balance would be built elsewhere, the officials said.
The flexibility will also save time, according to planners involved in the
project.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             491 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           February 6, 2008 Wednesday
                                 Metro Edition

Advocates push for affordable housing on Army plant land;
Some people say the stretch of developable land affords the city of Arden Hills
a rare opportunity to balance its housing stock.

BYLINE: Eric M. Hanson, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1AA

LENGTH: 483 words


In a legislative funding pitch in December, Arden Hills officials said the
roughly 4 square miles of developable land at the former Twin Cities Army
Ammunition Plant (TCAAP) would generate some $800 million in private development
- office space, jobs, housing - over 10 years.

But if the city proceeds without paying attention to affordable housing goals
set by the Metropolitan Council, it would be "a blown opportunity," affordable
housing advocates say.

The issue of affordable housing in Arden Hills is of immediate concern because
some of the city's only stock stands to be lost in road reconstruction that is
necessary to handle the increased traffic around the TCAAP site.

The Arden Manor mobile home park sits in a triangle between Interstate 35W and
Hwys. 10 and 96. At a Jan. 28 meeting, the City Council scrapped a plan that
would have displaced up to 50 homes from the park. But in looking ahead, council
members warned at the meeting, it's unlikely every home is going to be preserved
when the highway project is done.

Among the more than 100 people at the meeting were affordable housing advocates.

One was Russ Adams, executive director of the Alliance for Metropolitan
Stability, a nonprofit that advocates for affordable housing, among other
issues.

"This is a massive opportunity for [Arden Hills] to improve the balance of their
housing stock," Adams said. "You can't even say this comes once in a lifetime,
because it's even less frequent than that."

Arden Hills City Council Member Dave McClung agreed.

Affordable housing, he said, is among a number of housing needs the city should
keep in mind as it looks to develop TCAAP, including expanding the housing
options for younger and older people, so-called "life cycle" housing.

"We do have to address the issue of affordable housing. At this point, I'm not
willing to make any type of commitments on what level of affordable housing mix
I think should be there."

In November, the Metropolitan Council issued affordable housing goals for cities
looking forward to 2020. Cities have to incorporate those goals into their
comprehensive plans, with grant money at stake.

According to an analysis by the Housing Preservation Project, a nonprofit
affordable housing advocacy group, Arden Hills has underperformed when it comes
to earlier Metropolitan Council goals, with only 13 units of a 474-unit goal
achieved between 1996 and 2010.

By 2020, the city should have 288 new units, according to the council.

If the city wants a model, Adams said, it should look to Chaska or Brooklyn
Park, because both cities are examples of cities with good affordable housing
policies.

But Arden Hills lacks leadership on the issue, he said.

McClung agreed, saying it's because the city hasn't had significant growth
opportunities in years.

"We've never been forced to deal with affordable housing, so we have no plan for
it," he said.

Eric M. Hanson - 612-673-7517

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: NORTH ONLY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2008 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             492 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            August 5, 2009 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Old Feuds Resurface in a Brooklyn Rezoning Fight

BYLINE: By KAREEM FAHIM

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 1441 words


Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg has made a plan to create housing for half a million
low- and moderate-income New Yorkers one of his signature initiatives, driving
the rezoning of swaths of New York City to create what city planners call the
largest municipal affordable housing plan in the nation.

But in one neighborhood, the rush to build affordable housing, which rarely
attracts opposition, has done exactly that -- and the rush seems to be part of
the problem: A coalition of community groups in Williamsburg say the city and
its powerful allies have charged forward with a plan to rezone a 31-acre patch
called the Broadway Triangle, ignoring vociferous protests about a planning
process they called opaque.

Many of the complaints stem from a decision by the Department of Housing
Preservation and Development to grant early rights to develop city-owned sites
in the Triangle to two nonprofit groups, the United Jewish Organizations of
Williamsburg, who represent part of the fast-growing Hasidic community, and the
Ridgewood Bushwick Senior Citizens Council, without competitive bids -- a
relatively rare but legal move.

The local community board passed the city's rezoning plan last month  with
conditions, including the stipulation that future decisions about city-owned
property ''be carried out pursuant to a transparent, competitive'' process. Ward
Dennis, chairman of the board's land-use committee, called the city's plan ''a
good proposal but a bad process.''

At a debate among City Council candidates last week, six of the seven people
running to replace David Yassky in the 33rd District, which includes the
Broadway Triangle, said they would vote against the project, though it is likely
to come to a vote while Mr. Yassky, who supports the city's plans, is in office.
Opponents said they were preparing a lawsuit to halt the plan.

The Brooklyn borough president will hold a public hearing on the plan on
Wednesday afternoon.

The dispute reflects  an often prideful fight for territory that has played out
between competing factions -- often Hispanic and Hasidic groups -- in
Williamsburg since the 1960s.

Even so, longtime neighborhood watchers call the latest installment particularly
nasty, and perhaps needlessly so. Luis Garden Acosta, an opponent of the
rezoning and the founder of El Puente, a local nonprofit group that provides
services to Hispanics, said that in recent years, some of the old neighborhood
rivalries had started to quiet: ''To be thrown so violently into the past is
startling.''

The players in the current drama have worked in Williamsburg and Bushwick for
decades, and many of them were profiled in ''Bargaining for Brooklyn,'' a 2007
book by the sociologist Nicole P. Marwell that chronicles the role of
community-based organizations in the lives of the poor. The groups revitalized
devastated neighborhoods, cultivated loyal constituencies and frequently found
themselves at odds.

Dr. Marwell describes one, Los Sures, that started as an advocacy network for
Puerto Rican and Dominican tenants and fought repeated battles over public
housing with the United Jewish Organizations, known as U.J.O., in the 1970s.

In 1977, a federal judge approved a consent decree in which the New York City
Housing Authority agreed to bolster the low number of Hispanic families living
in public housing projects. Los Sures today is one of the groups in the Broadway
Triangle coalition opposing the city's plan.

Another key player, Ridgwood Bushwick, was founded by a young social worker
named Vito J. Lopez, who had a knack for political organizing and a talent for
finding public funds for his elderly clients. Mr. Lopez is now chairman of the
State Assembly Committee on Housing and the Brooklyn Democratic Party chairman.

The attempt to transform the Broadway Triangle, a blighted parcel at the border
of Williamsburg, Bedford-Stuyvesant and Bushwick, has a history of mostly
stalled and partial plans.

It was declared an urban renewal area in 1989, when the city and Pfizer, which
had a large pharmaceutical plant there, proposed an industrial park with
hundreds of units of housing. Though some housing was built over the next
decade, and several businesses started operating, the area remained defined
mostly by its overgrown empty lots and its potential. Several years ago, another
initiative proposed rezoning the area to residential and building about 1,000
units of affordable housing.

But soon, the fighting began. The details are hotly disputed, with the leaders
of several groups saying that Mr. Lopez and U.J.O.'s director, Rabbi David
Niederman, worked with the city to control the planning to ensure development
privileges for their favored nonprofit groups.

In that version of events, the planning process was complicated by local
rivalries and political sideshows, including Mr. Lopez's falling-out with his
former chief of staff, Councilwoman Diana Reyna; and the competition between
Satmar factions.

But in interviews, Mr. Lopez and Rabbi Niederman both said that the rezoning
process was inclusive, and that the complaints amounted to sour grapes from
rival developers.

''It's absurd,'' said Mr. Lopez, who is regarded, even by his detractors, as one
of the city's most prolific and successful advocates for affordable housing.
''Isn't it better that in a year or two this is 80 or 90 percent built, with the
housing units given out by lottery, rather than having an empty, rat-filled
lot?''

Rabbi Niederman expressed a similar thought, saying, ''I believe at the end of
the day, when families have housing, all of this jealousy will disappear.''

But Rob Solano, executive director of Churches United for Fair Housing, part of
a coalition that opposes the current rezoning plan, said the mistrust had built
up because of closed-door planning meetings.

Mr. Solano said he and others asked city planners to slow down and consider
alternatives, including a  proposal to construct a high-rise building with
roughly double the number of housing units in the city's plan. ''We were told,
'The mayor has set a timetable here, to end by this election,' '' he said.

Holly M. Leicht, a deputy commissioner with the city's Department of Housing
Preservation and Development, said that although she would have preferred that
all the community groups had worked together, she had no regrets.

''We've been meeting with the groups and taking their feedback the entire
time,'' she said. ''At the end of the day, we think that the zoning proposal
that we worked on for the last two-plus years is the right one for the
district.''

As to the question of a timetable, Ms. Leicht said, ''We certainly hoped it
would be done by the end of the mayor's term.''

U.J.O. and Ridgewood Bushwick were given letters in the last two years
authorizing them to go after competitive state and federal financing sources to
develop sites within the Broadway Triangle and on the area's border, according
to city officials.

The so-called site authorization letters are typically given to 5 to 10
nonprofit developers a year and circumvent the more commonly used requests for
proposal. They are seen by developers and city planners as both expedient and a
way to augment city subsidies with outside money -- but there are no rules
requiring public disclosure of the authorization letters.

Of the 16 site authorization letters given to nonprofit groups since 2008, four
letters went to U.J.O. or Ridgewood Bushwick for sites they proposed to develop,
city officials said.

Michael Rochford, who heads another Williamsburg nonprofit developer, the St.
Nicholas Neighborhood Preservation Corporation, said that despite trying for
years, his group had never been able to get a site authorization letter from the
city. He said it was still waiting for word on an application it filed more than
two years ago to develop affordable housing in Greenpoint.

In response, Ms. Leicht said that the applications submitted by his organization
came after the city had committed to a ''request for proposal'' process. She
added that the downturn of the city's economy had delayed development of many
city-owned sites.

As the pool of such sites shrinks, the Broadway Triangle was seen as one of the
last large parcels of open land in the Williamsburg area. The bitterness in
Williamsburg might simply reflect a temporary, desperate race, but after the
vote at the community board meeting last month, the insults traded in the
hallway had the feel of something deeper.

''I really don't think there are great differences in people's vision for the
neighborhood,'' Mr. Yassky said. ''The politics are intruding.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: The largely vacant, 31-acre Broadway Triangle, which the city
wants to rezone for affordable housing. Below, from left: a scene from a
community board meeting in Williamsburg
and two key players, State Assemblyman Vito J. Lopez
and Rabbi David Niederman. (pg.A13)
 Off Throop Street in the Broadway Triangle, one of the last large pieces of
open land in the Williamsburg area. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY FRED R. CONRAD/THE NEW YORK
TIMES) (pg.A16) MAP: Proposed Brooklyn Triangle Development Area (MAP BY THE NEW
YORK TIMES/GOOGLEMAPS) (pg.A16)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company


                             493 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                     May 8, 1988, Sunday, National Edition

Focus;
Housing Subsidies in Doubt

BYLINE: By HILARY STOUT

SECTION: Section 8; Page 1, Column 1; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 1101 words


TENANT groups, property owners and some Government officials fear that the
nation's low- and moderate-income housing supply could be reduced in the 90's
because of the expiration of more than a million Federal rental subsidy
contracts.

There are two million privately owned, federally subsidized housing units in the
United States, and almost a million additional units whose occupants receive
Federal rental subsidies. The purpose of the program, set up in the 1970's, is
to provide low- and moderate-income housing. It sets rents at no more than 30
percent of the tenants' income, and makes up with Federal funds the difference
between the market rent and what tenants pay.

In February, a task force set up by an association of owners of private,
federally subsidized properties released a report that said that the subsidies
would run out on 1.4 million units by the turn of the century, and on more than
700,000 units by 1995.

Unless the subsidies are replaced, many owners would find it difficult or
impossible to operate properties solely on the basis of the rents the tenants
can afford.

''The task force believes that the matter of expiring rent subsidies is the
major threat to the existing housing inventory,'' according to the report of the
National Housing Preservation Task Force. The study said that the subsidy issue
overshadows the problem of landlords of low- and moderate-income housing who are
prepaying federally subsidized mortgages and loans to convert their properties
into condos or fair-market rentals.

For many tenants, an expiration of subsidies would result in displacement, said
Barry Zigas, president of the National Low Income Housing Coalition and a member
of the task force that prepared the report. But, he added, ''it really depends
on the property.''

''There are some projects that are total artifacts of subsidies, that absent the
subsidies are simply going to default,'' said Mr. Zigas. ''Owners will simply
tell H.U.D. (the Federal Department of Housing and Urban Development), 'Take
your mortgage.' In those cases the consequences will not lead to immediate
displacement, because H.U.D. will come in and take over the project. But it may
mean the quality of life may deteriorate because there will not be routine
investments made in the place.''

But for property owners in areas where market-value rents have escalated, he
added, ''the expiration of a subsidy contract will simply be an excuse'' to get
out of the low- and moderate-income housing business.

''Some owners will have the ability to prepay and escape altogether,'' he said.
And tenants, unable to pay the higher rents, will be forced to leave.

The task force report, ''The Preservation of Low and Moderate Income Housing in
the United States,'' outlined this timetable for subsidy expirations:

* In 1990, 12,000 certificates or vouchers - subsidy guarantees awarded to
tenants to put toward fair-market rental - will expire, and by 1995 another
636,000 will be up.

* In 1991, subsidies allocated under the Section 8 Loan Management Set Aside
program to help projects in danger of foreclosure will begin to expire, and by
the year 2000 virtually all 280,000 loan management units will be lost. These
were five-year contracts, half of which were entered into in the late 70's,
renewable up to 15 years.

* In 1996, a number of 20-year contracts that provided rent subsidies to newly
constructed or substantially rehabilitated projects will begin expiring. They
will come due at an increasingly rapid rate through the year 2000, when more
than 200,000 units in the program will have lost their subsidies.

* In 1995, the subsidy contracts under the Section 8 moderate rehabilitation
program will begin expiring, and more than 90,000 of them will be gone by the
year 2000.

The report ''surprised a lot of people,'' said Carl Coan 3d, executive director
of the task force and a Washington lawyer.

Donald Campbell, an aide to Senator Alan Cranston, chairman of the Senate
Subcommittee on Housing and Urban Affairs, said that the subcommittee plans to
address subsidy expirations in legislation this summer, but it does not yet have
a specific program.

THE subsidy expirations come as the supply of affordable housing is dwindling.
Since 1981, Federal aid for adding low- and moderate-income housing declined
almost 70 percent, according to the task force report. The Federal tax code
passed in 1986 removed a number of tax incentives for owning low- or
moderate-income properties. Under the Reagan Administration, the Department of
Housing and Urban Development has been reluctant to create more long-term
agreements with owners.

''It's potentially a very serious problem,'' Lynda Given, director of the Prince
George's County Department of Housing and Community Development in southern
Maryland, said of the possible loss of subsidies.

But others are less worried. They say that if the Government does not extend the
subsidies, it will establish an alternative.

''My sense is that some Government agency is going to want to guarantee that we
have some contract available,'' said John Bloom, property manager of Church Park
in Boston, a 508-unit mixed-income property with 127 Section 8 units.

The Government has shown a willingness to add new vouchers, but not
project-based contracts. H. U. D. has asked for 100,000 additional vouchers for
fiscal year 1989.

''We see it as a problem and we are dealing with the human side of the problem
through our vouchers,'' said Thomas T. Demery, the assistant secretary for
housing and a Federal housing commissioner. ''But that is a short-term problem.
The long term is on the supply side, what happens to the housing stock? And
there is no answer.''

Indeed, housing advocates feel that the adaptability of the vouchers will
threaten projects that depend on subsidies because tenants can use them wherever
they wish. They are calling for the extension of project-based subsidies.
Housing advocates are increasingly looking to the states for assistance to
offset the evaporating Federal subsidies. But others say that the states cannot
be expected to fill the huge gaps.

Massachusetts, one of the first states to discuss solutions, is likely to be one
of the earliest and hardest hit because it had been active in housing programs
in the 60's and 70's. Developers have been asked to sign a pledge that they will
work with the state's Secretary of Community Development to protect families
from displacement, said Marvin Siflinger, executive director of the agency. Most
developers whose property is at risk have signed the pledge, he said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             494 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                          November 12, 2014 Wednesday

Improving Housing Options for New York City Veterans

LENGTH: 565  words


Today is Veteran's Day, a time to honor the service of all those who serve our
country. As we express our gratitude to veterans for protecting our freedom, it
is imperative that we provide them the necessary services and benefits they
rightfully deserve.


On the local, state and federal level, government is working alongside veteran's
organizations and other stakeholders to provide services such as medical
assistance, employment resources, and housing support to veterans and their
dependents and survivors. But there are still gaps in services that must be
rectified. As the Public Advocate for the City of New York, I am working to
ensure that Veterans are receiving vital services, particularly when it comes to
housing.
It is no secret that New York City has an affordable housing shortage. For those
who've returned from the battlefield, the problem is even more pronounced. We
have a moral responsibility to help veterans avoid homelessness and
displacement.
While New York State law grants priority admission preferences to public housing
for veterans who were honorably discharged and served in the military between
February 2, 1961 and May 1, 1975 there are no preferences for veterans of Iraq
and Afghanistan. The time is now for the State Legislature and the Governor to
pass and sign into law Senate Bill 1702, introduced by State Senator Tony Avella
of Queens. This bill would grant long overdue priority access at the New York
City Housing Authority to veterans of Iraq and Afghanistan who served between
September 14, 2001 and December 31, 2014. The bill would also give a preference
to veterans or families of veterans who have a military service-connected
disability designated by the United States Department of Veterans Affairs.
The second step relates to the application process for Mitchell Llama housing
developments. The Private Housing Finance Law gives disabled veterans advantages
in securing housing at developments originally funded through the Mitchell-Llama
program. A 2012 audit by the State Comptroller notes that while the State
Legislature has extended housing preferences for Veterans, there is lax
enforcement by government agencies and disregard for housing preferences by
private management companies that process applications.
The report found that Veterans' rights to preference were bypassed more than a
quarter of the 18 developments investigated. At Hamilton House and Clinton
Towers in Manhattan, apartments were filled with non-veterans when there were
veterans on waiting lists. The city's Department of Housing Preservation and
Development approved many of these applications.

In order to ensure and confirm that these policies are adhered to, I support the
State Comptroller's recommendations to increase education and outreach efforts
among management companies and government agencies regarding Veterans
preferences and to actively monitor whether these preferences are being adhered
to by the proper entities. In addition, I call on HPD to issue an annual
progress report to the City Council's Committee on Veterans Affairs regarding
their work on housing veterans in Mitchell Llama developments.
As we remember our veterans today, let's support specific steps our government
can take to address their most pressing concerns. For those who've benefited
from our veterans' sacrifices, it's the least we can do. 2014 Legal Monitor
Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             495 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 23, 1984, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Q AND A

BYLINE: By Dee Wedemeyer

SECTION: Section 8; Page 7, Column 5; Real Estate Desk

LENGTH: 567 words


Sponsor's Cut of Profits Question:

I bought a condominium and recently sold it at a large profit. The sponsor wants
me to pay him 10 percent of the profit. I did not sign any agreement, but it is
in the prospectus. I am the second owner within four years. Do I have to pay? .
. . H. P. M., Manhattan

Answer: If the prospectus and other documents give the sponsor this right, you
must pay, points out David Clurman, a lawyer who has represented buyers and
sponsors. So-called equity-participation arrangements are rare, and your
particular arrangement - giving the sponsor continued participation - is very
rare. Take your documents to a lawyer.

How to Fight Co-op Rules Question: I am a shareholder in a Mitchell-Lama housing
co-op supervised by the Department of Housing and Urban Development and the
city. The board makes rules that are not in my original lease, including
requiring passes for deliveries and a new no-pets clause. What is the procedure
for fighting these rules? . . . R. F., Manhattan

Answer: Most proprietary leases give the board the right to make house rules.
Marc Luxemburg, president of the Council of New York Cooperatives, suggests that
if you can convince other residents that the new rules are not in the co-op's
interest, you can try to elect a new board at the next annual meeting or try to
call a special election. You could also bring suit arguing that the board
exceeded its authority because the regulations are arbitrary or unreasonable or
that you have vested rights in your original lease that you have been denied.
Based on the facts in your letter, Mr. Luxemburg said, he doubts that you have a
case, but he suggests that you take your lease to a lawyer.

You could also write to Ruth Lerner, the assistant commissioner who supervises
the Mitchell-Lama program at the Department of Housing Preservation and
Development, 100 Gold Street, New York, N.Y. 10038 or David Buchwalter, chief of
H.U.D.'s loan management branch, 26 Federal Plaza, New York, N.Y. 10278.

Charge for New Windows Question: We are rent-controlled tenants in a co-op where
new windows will be installed soon. What are our financial obligations? . . . F.
C., Manhattan

Answer: You probably will be subject to a rent increase based on one-sixtieth of
the cost of the new windows in your apartment, according to Howard Malatzky,
assistant deputy counsel in the State Division of Housing and Community Renewal.
In a recent operational bulletin, No. 84-4, the division said the buildingwide
installation of new prime windows - not storm windows - constitutes a major
capital improvement and therefore warrants a rent increase.

The bulletin says that in cases where the old windows were more than 25 years
old, the state's district rent administrator shall grant a rent increase based
upon the full substantiated cost of the new windows. In cases where the old
windows were between 15 and 25 years old, the administrator may grant an
increase based on the full cost if the administrator determines the replacements
were necessary. Regardless of the age of the windows the administrator shall
grant a rent increase based on 50 percent of the substantiated cost if the
replacements were for the purpose of energy conservation.

The owner of the building no longer needs the permission of rent-controlled
tenants to install the windows. You have the right to appeal.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Question

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             496 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            November 28, 2008 Friday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

Tenant safety net gashed. City cuts 500G from pledged $2M fund to protect
renters

BYLINE: BY ERIN DURKIN DAILY NEWS WRITER

SECTION: SUBURBAN; Pg. 75

LENGTH: 383 words


THE CITY is backing off a pledge to spend $2 million to battle tenant
displacement along the Brooklyn waterfront.

The Bloomberg administration committed to creating the fund in an agreement that
was key to gaining community support - and City Council approval - for a 2005
rezoning. That rezoning allowed for high-rise residential development on the
Williamsburg and Greenpoint waterfront.

Now the funding, intended to protect longtime tenants as rents in the
neighborhood rise, will be slashed by $550,000.

"You're going to see a lot more low-income people being forced out," said Marty
Needelman, director of Brooklyn Legal Services. "You're going to see an increase
in harassment and neglect to get these people out because there will be no
enforcement, nobody there to help them."

The North Brooklyn Tenant Anti-Displacement Collaborative is losing $300,000 of
its $1.3 million grant. Director Rich Mazur said the group will have to lay off
staff that provides legal representation to tenants facing eviction or
harassment.

The group also aids families in securing Section 8 vouchers and applying for
affordable housing units in new developments like Williamsburg's The Edge.

"It's crazy," he said, adding that low-income tenants are already "on the verge
of being out on the street."

A city study at the time predicted that 2500 people could be displaced by the
rezoning, which sent waterfront property values soaring.

"I understand that we're in a real fiscal bind so we've got to cut services that
are important, but this was a promise," said Councilman David Yassky.

Deputy Mayor Daniel Doctoroff pledged to create the $2 million fund in a letter
to the City Council on the eve of its vote to approve the rezoning. The
agreement also said that 33% of units built in the area would be affordable
housing.

"Everybody recognized that the rezoning was going to increase the already
enormous amount of pressure on low- and moderate-income people," said Alison
Cordero of the St. Nicholas Neighborhood Preservation Corp. She said the
agreement was intended to "soften the blow to the community."

Seth Donlin, a spokesman for the Department of Housing Preservation and
Development, said the agency got stuck footing the bill after plans to pay for
the fund by selling air rights over an MTA bus lot were delayed.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Tenant advocates (l. to r.) Jack Bikowski, Richard Mazur, Barbara
Schliff, Peter Gillespie, Filip Stabrowski, Ryan Kuonen and Annie Turulo, in
front of The Edge this week. Photo by James Monroe Adams 4th

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 Daily News, L.P.


                             497 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      March 20, 1989, Monday, City Edition

Foundations become active in communities

BYLINE: Neal R. Peirce

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Columns; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 860 words

DATELINE: CONCORD, N.H.



CONCORD, N.H. - In one of America's most rigidly conservative    states, the New
Hampshire Charitable Fund moves quietly but incessantly    for change.

     In last year's presidential primary season, it funded forums on
long-term care for the elderly that caused the presidential candidates    to
respond. It supports advocacy for abused children, an alliance for    more
effective schools, affordable housing, and the preservation of    thousands of
acres of imperiled "North country" forest lands.

     In an era of overcommitted and revenue-short government, community
foundations like New Hampshire' - originally just comfortable and    convenient
devices to pool the bequests of wealthy local individuals -    have been growing
in a hurry. There are now 319 of them, operating in    48 states. Their total
assets have soared to $ 4.7-billion.

     Increasingly, community foundations are becoming active in    community
affairs. They're not just receiving grant applications but    identifying
critical, unmet public needs.

     It's true not all community foundations equal the activism and    track
record of the 27-year-old New Hampshire trust, which has    accumulated a
capital fund of over $ 40-million. Recently, it has been    taking in more than
$ 5-million a year in new contributions from    bequests, living individuals,
businesses and corporations.

     It takes time to make dynamic community institutions out of private
foundations whose bread and butter is attracting money from affluent    givers
who may not like to see the boat rocked. Some community    foundations,
especially smaller ones, remain led by unimaginative    boards and are weak
players in their localities. Even larger funds    sometimes fail to engage in
rigorous assessments of their communities'    emerging needs.

     But there are lots of classy players now on the    community-foundation
stage. The multimillion-dollar Cleveland    Foundation, America's oldest
(founded 1914), develops imaginative    neighborhood development and social
services for some of Cleveland's    poorest areas.

     The young Arizona Community Foundation is using a $ 500,000 Ford
Foundation challenge grant as a catalyst for what it hopes will be a    $
3-million Children's Trust Fund to develop early-intervention    techniques to
protect young children from risks running from    homelessness to mentally ill
parents to physical abuse.

     In Texas, where the rapid urban sprawl of El Paso and neighboring    Juarez
threaten water supplies and air quality, the El Paso Community

 Foundation has developed a public-school curriculum focusing on the    desert's
unique ecology and techniques for surviving drought.

     The imaginative community funds in Minneapolis and St. Paul are    pulling
together resources for AIDS education and prevention. In    Florida, the Dade
County Community Foundation is trying to break down    racial-ethnic
stereotyping and lower tensions by encouraging multiple    cultural interchanges
- theater, arts, music - between Anglo, Cuban,    Haitian and American black
communities of the socially torn Miami area.

     Eugene Struckhoff is a founder of the New Hampshire Charitable Fund    in
1962 and later president of the National Council on Foundations. In    the early
'80s, Struckhoff helped convince the Mott Foundation, based    in Flint, Mich.,
to experiment with building, from scratch, 14 new    community foundations.

     That Mott effort, with money and technical assistance, helped spark
major involvement by other foundation world "heavies," including    Ford,
Gannett, MacArthur and McKnight. Community foundations are    typically offered
challenge grants for simultaneous goals - first to    energize their immediate
giving programs, second to bring their    endowments up to the critical takeoff
point. Experience shows that when    $ 5-million in assets is achieved, local
givers begin to take a fund    seriously. Rapid growth usually ensues.

     The National Endowment for the Arts has emulated the same model    with
challenge grants to help community foundations bolster their    long-term
capacity, even while giving immediate support to dance,    theater and arts
groups.

     Are aggressive community foundations a substitute for state and    local
governments effectively addressing local problems? No, says New    Hampshire
Charitable Fund president Lewis Feldstein. He bemoans the    Granite State
political culture that insists on a hefty private match    for any new activity
- even projects other state governments might fund    100 percent from public
money.

     My theory is that if it can happen in New Hampshire, it can happen
anywhere: Community foundations will take more risks and move from just
supporting "good" causes to deciding how communities will learn to    cope in
these times.

 Washington Post Writers Group

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company


                             498 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

SENATOR SCHUMER AND MAYOR DE BLASIO ANNOUNCE $25 MILLION IN FEDERAL FUNDING FOR
NYC'S VISION ZERO, A MAJOR SAFETY INITIATIVE; FUNDS WILL HELP MAKE NYC STREETS
SAFER FOR SCHOOL CHILDREN, COMMUTERS & PEDESTRIANS

LENGTH: 639  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Charles E. Schumer, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

U.S. Senator Charles E. Schumer and Mayor Bill de Blasio today announced that
New York City Department of Transportation (NYCDOT) will receive $25 million in
federal funding to support critical improvements as part of the New York City
Vision Zero Initiative- a cornerstone safety plan crafted by City Hall and NYC
DOT Commissioner Polly Trottenberg. The funding will help support traffic
calming, pedestrian and bike connections to employment centers, creation of new
public spaces and comprehensive safety improvements for school children. The
City's application includes plans for 13 such projects. In April, Schumer wrote
a letter of to the U.S. Department of Transportation supporting this project
through the federal DOT's TIGER (Transportation Investment Generating Economic
Recovery) Grant program, which provides funding for road, rail, transit and port
projects that promise to achieve critical national objectives.

"This major federal funding is great news for New York City's cornerstone street
safety initiative, which will use federal TIGER funds to help make the City's
bustling streets safer for children, bikers and commuters," said Schumer. "I am
pleased to announce this massive $25 million federal TIGER grant for thirteen
safety projects that are part of New York City's Vision Zero- a bold initiative
from Mayor de Blasio and Commissioner Polly Trottenberg - which already has a
great track record of success."

"This investment will save lives. It means better designed streets and targeted
initiatives that will help us change behaviors like speeding and failure to
yield to pedestrians. We are proud to have strong federal partners like Senator
Schumer, Secretary Foxx and the Obama Administration as we work to protect our
communities and make Vision Zero a reality. From children near our schools
school to seniors on the streets of their neighborhoods, we will have more tools
than ever to protect our people," said Mayor Bill de Blasio.

The New York City Vision Zero Initiative aims to dramatically reduce fatalities
and injuries by implementing safety improvements and increasing education and
enforcement. The Vision Zero initiative involves targeted outreach to city
schools, creating new slow zones, and implementing more comprehensive driving
curriculum for taxi and limousine drivers, among many other policies and
programs. So far this year, pedestrian fatalities are down more than 20 percent
of the same period in 2013.

Today's announcement will help support projects at locations that have been
identified through crash analysis and community input. NYCDOT will implement
safety projects including an extension of the Brooklyn Waterfront Greenway;
street safety improvements near schools in Manhattan, Queens and Staten Island;
and pedestrian safety measures along dangerous corridors like Fourth Avenue in
Sunset Park.

"Thank you to U.S. DOT,  Secretary Anthony Foxx, and U.S. Senator Charles
Schumer. I'm thrilled New York City was selected for this competitive TIGER
Grant, which allows NYC DOT to improve safety for students, pedestrians, and
commuters. Vision Zero is a top priority of the de Blasio administration and
this funding proves the initiative's importance and value," said NYC DOT
Commissioner Polly Trottenberg.  "The grant covers projects throughout the city,
from Staten Island's New Dorp section to Harlem's 125th Street and many areas in
between, and millions of New Yorkers will benefit from this grant. We're also
excited to receive a grant to coordinate recovery planning in the Rockaways with
the New York City Department of Housing Preservation and Development."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             499 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              December 17, 1987, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

New York Housing Programs Faulted

BYLINE: By MICHEL MARRIOTT

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 485 words


Efforts by the Koch and Cuomo administrations to provide affordable housing were
sharply criticized yesterday by two state legislators, including the chairman of
the Assembly Housing Committee.

The lawmakers offered sweeping recommendations to encourage developers to help
solve what they called a statewide crisis.

The Housing Committee chairman, Alexander B. Grannis, Democrat of Manhattan,
said the state had a shortage of at least one million units. Without substantial
participation by developers, government cannot solve the problem, he said.

As evidence, State Senator Franz S. Leichter, also a Democrat of Manhattan,
released a six-month study of city and state programs to build or rehabilitate
housing for low- and moderate-income people. The study, prepared by Mr.
Leichter's staff, said Mr. Cuomo and Mr. Koch had since 1983 announced plans to
create more than 330,000 housing units and had completed 2,400.

'Arcane Requirements'

''That is less than 1 percent,'' Mr. Leichter said at a news conference with Mr.
Grannis at City Hall. ''Government housing agencies have been moving so slowly,
one would think there was no housing crisis in New York.''

They leveled much of the blame at the State Division of Housing and Community
Renewal and the City Department of Housing Preservation and Development. The two
agencies, the Leichter study said, impose ''arcane requirements on developers
and funders, applied regulations capriciously and needlessly delayed processing
of applications.''

The commissioners of both agencies criticized the conclusions and blamed the
delays on complex procedures and bureaucracy.

''I would like to know what he is talking about,'' the city's housing
commissioner, Paul A. Crotty, said of Mr. Leichter's report. ''We don't do
anything that is not imposed by some law that Senator Leichter or Assemblyman
Grannis think is appropriate.''

Emphasis on Completion

''I find the assertion ludicrous,'' the state's housing director, William B.
Eimicke, said. He said the state had completed 50,000 units and had 150,000 in
the application process or nearly ready for construction.

Mr. Crotty said the criticisms were unfair because they emphasized completed
projects and not those being built.

Mr. Grannis said a superagency should be created to consolidate procedures and
assist organizations applying for grants and loans from smaller agencies. Such
an agency, he suggested, would help nonprofit sponsors with financing, design
and construction.

Mr. Leichter advocated creating a program to permit people who buy vacant
housing from the city to charge tenants market rents. The city, through a $160
million program, would subsidize tenants' rents that exceeded 30 percent of
their incomes. Low-income residents would be exempt from the higher rents.

Both plans, Mr. Grannis said, would require state legislation, which has not yet
been proposed.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             500 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

SCHUMER ANNOUNCES $1.4 MILLION IN FEDERAL FUNDS FOR TRANSPORTATION & HOUSING
STUDY IN ROCKAWAY

LENGTH: 527  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of the Senator Charles E. Schumer, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:

U.S. Senator Charles E. Schumer today announced that New York City Department of
Transportation (NYCDOT) will receive $1.4 million in federal funding to support
a transportation and housing study in Rockaway. In April, Schumer wrote a letter
of to the U.S. Department of Transportation supporting this project through the
federal DOT's TIGER (Transportation Investment Generating Economic Recovery)
Grant program, which provides funding for road, rail, transit and port projects
that promise to achieve critical national objectives.

The neighborhoods of Rockaway were among the hardest hit by Hurricane Sandy. In
addition to significant flooding of the area, service on the "A" train was
suspended for six months due to damage from the storm, leaving residents
stranded with limited access to jobs, education, and services.  This study aims
to provide a framework for improving the resiliency of the transportation
network, reducing traffic problems and improving quality of life for residents
Rockaway.

"Superstorm Sandy highlighted a major flaw in our transportation network,
including the long suspension of service along the "A" train in Rockaway. This
federal TIGER funding will help address limited transportation options, make
recommendations on better housing, and provide much-needed support to local
businesses in Rockaway still recovering from Superstorm Sandy," said Schumer. "I
am pleased to announce this $1.4 million in funding which will allow experts to
work with community leaders to make detailed recommendations on transportation
improvements and also improving affordable housing in Rockaway."

"Our lack of transportation continues to plague every Rockaway family and I
commend Senator Schumer for his tireless advocacy. Sandy demonstrated what
Rockaway residents have known for  too long and I am hopeful that the city will
utilize this funding to provide real transit options like permanent ferry
service, rebuilding the Rockaway Beach Rail Line and improving A-train service
for our families," said Assemblyman Phil Goldfeder.

This study was a primary recommendation by New York Rising, New York State's
community planning effort in neighborhoods heavily impacted by Hurricane Sandy.
The coordination by NYCDOT and the NYC Department of Housing Preservation and
Development will address transportation options created by planned new housing
development, and will identify ways to improve street safety, pedestrian and
transit mobility, and the urban environment - helping Rockaway's continued
revival as a beach destination and bringing much-needed support to local
businesses still recovering from Hurricane Sandy.

The TIGER Discretionary Grant program provides an opportunity for DOT to invest
in road, rail, transit and port projects that promise to achieve critical
national objectives. In each round of TIGER, DOT receives many applications to
build and repair critical pieces of freight and passenger transportation
networks.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved
